variation	verified_reviews	rating	date	feedback
Echo 4th Gen	QUICK SUMMARY:---------------------------The 4th generation Amazon Echo brings welcome upgrades from previous generations. The device features a Zigbee smart hub, improved sound reproduction, and a temperature sensor. Alexa integration works as expected. I would recommend the 4th gen Echo to those who are in the market for their first Alexa device and who listen to music often at a casual level. I would not recommend this as an upgrade for those with previous generation Echo devices if they are functioning normally, or for those expecting a high-end audiophile experience.PREFACE:---------------------------I have owned the 4th generation Amazon Echo for 9 months and use it daily. I upgraded from a 1st generation Amazon Echo. As part of a Prime Echo trade-in promotion, I was able to purchase this for $25 off the $99 MSRP.Tasks I utilize Echo for:---------------------------• (Daily) - Adjusting power/brightness/color of 2 connected LIFX smart bulbs• (Daily) - Retrieving daily weather forecast information• (Daily) - Retrieving temperature of the room the Echo is in (room is hotter than the rest of the house)• (Weekly/Monthly) - Engaging with various media/games (Pandora, Amazon Music, Question of the Day, Jeopardy, etc.)• (Weekly/Monthly) - General search query for basic information/knowledgeEnvironment:---------------------------The Echo is 3 feet away from where I sit. It’s placed on a table in the corner of a 10x10 room, about 2 inches in front of a (silent) PC tower. It's on a flat, level surface, and is within line-of-sight with no obstacles or materials between myself and it that would hamper its ability to hear me. On the opposite side of the room is a small air purifier at floor level that is always on and set to its lowest setting (40 dB of white noise).PROS:---------------------------• Sound Reproduction: The upward-firing 3” woofer and two, forward-firing 0.8” tweeters push out more sound than expected for a device of this size and price. Bass is surprisingly powerful, covers a lower frequency range than expected (it won't rattle the room like a dedicated subwoofer, however), and is capable of filling small rooms with ease. Treble is clear and crisp without distortion. Mids are pronounced and dynamic, but can be overpowered if bass and treble are simultaneously working hard. Dialogue from movies, videos, and podcasts is clear and feels well-balanced. Casual audio tinkerers will be pleased with additional EQ settings in the Amazon Alexa smartphone app, although audio sounds excellent as-is and adjustments are likely not necessary unless specific listening needs require adjustments.• Temperature Sensor: This is an odd bonus to me, but a welcome one that I use often. It is self-calibrating, and routines can make use of its readings.• Line In/Out Audio Jack: There is a 3.5mm jack on the bottom of the device next to the power adapter port which can be toggled to send audio out to another device if you wish to use the Echo with external speakers, or to accept audio if you wish play audio from another device using the Echo’s speakers.• Build Quality: It feels sturdy and has heft but isn’t burdensome. The fabric mesh that covers the top-half of the sphere is a nice color, the buttons are pleasantly tactile but quiet, and the circular grip on the bottom ensure it won’t slide around while playing music or if gently bumped.NEUTRALS:---------------------------• Response Time: Marketing for this Echo focused heavily on the all-new AZ1 Neural Edge processor at the time of purchase, bragging of faster, smoother, and more natural Alexa voice interaction performance and processing times. The marketing was heavy, and over-emphasized what is an unnoticeable difference; there is, at best, perhaps fractions of a second saved compared to the 1st gen Echo, but it’s case-by-case. In most cases, the processing time is the same.• Alexa Features/Performance: Largely unchanged compared to previous generations due to Alexa being a multi-device AI ecosystem rather than a single, device-specific feature. It does what you expect of Alexa.CONS:---------------------------• Voice Recognition: Bad. The environment outlined above is how I’ve used this Echo since I purchased it. The previous, 1st generation Echo had no issue with white noise, background noise, etc. This 4th generation Echo struggles to pick up my voice if there is any level of white noise, or if I’m speaking to it from more than a few feet away. 90 – 95% of voice interactions require that I repeat myself with increasing volume (sometimes two, three, four or more times) for it to register what I’m saying correctly, if I’m heard at all. Voice commands are constantly misinterpreted (verified by reviewing the history in the app), and wake words are often missed. Voice recognition performance is so poor, I have considered replacing this device altogether with one from a different ecosystem. I shouldn’t need to be just beneath shouting volume to be heard, and I shouldn’t feel constantly inconvenienced by using voice commands versus smartphone apps to control smart home features.• Temperature Sensor Rate of Refresh: I have found no documentation or answers about how often the temperature sensor is refreshed. However, it often seems like the readings are delayed and take a long time to change, even when there is a noticeable increase/decrease in air temperature as a result of thermostat changes.	3	October 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Let me say this up front, I do not like voice controlled devices and had this feature turned off on all my devices. Until now. Purchased this because I could not find a Bluetooth speaker to work with my tv that wasn't overly expensive.  I like the sphere shape and it is a slightly heavy solid device (drop it on your foot and it'll hurt) which speaks of quality construction.  Just set it up which would have been easy if I didn't have to track down the device settings that had all voice control stuff turned off. Amazing how cryptic some device ID'S are. You have to best guess a lot of times. Still, once that was straightened out it was easy. Having an Amazon account really did make things go smoother. Now, I can get enough volume with enough clarity to understand what the talking heads are saying. Setting the controls for Bass, Treble and Mids was easy. I appreciate the Bass control as it is physically painful if set too high. Since this is my first experience with this type of device I gave it only 3 stars until I have more experience with it. So far, it is performing well. Sound quality isn't quite as good as I'd hoped, but it is quite good and all I need so no complaints there. Only thing I wonder about is every time a commercial comes on with some idiot saying ""Alexa"" will the device think I wanted something. LOL"	3	November 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Give it a try, search 3mm or auxiliary as your keyword at the bottom of this product in the reviews or FAQ.You can’t keyword search it. Search for volume, you think there’d be comments about volume, but no, this doesn’t work either. I spent 45 minutes on the phone with an Amazon Echo “expertl and best he could do was send me links to the same circular pages I found in my search for this seemingly simple task for my Echo. I don’t understand. All I want to do is plug in an external CD player to my awesome Alexa speaker and a I can’t do it nor Can I find any solution. If anybody can help,  please share. Based on Reddit I’m not the only one with this issue. Streaming is badass and sounds great BTW.UPDATE: Ok, with the help of my buddy Adam we figured it out:To start, make sure your Echo is disconnected from Bluetooth.A) Launch Alexa AppB) Find Echo DeviceC) Device > Status > Device Settings > General > Aux AudioSo, find and select your Echo device using the Amazon Alexa App.Scroll to the bottom and select Status.Selecting Status takes you to Device Settings.Scroll down to General > Aux Audio > Line In or Line OutHope this helps anyone else that wants to enjoy of the great sound of the Echo using the Aux In option.Peace,HMK	3	November 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"It seems Amazon has decided to make this worse than my echo dot.  It will only sometimes do my routines that I set up that worked perfectly on my echo dot.  Sometimes restarting the device will fix the issue for a day or two, but I'm not going to constantly restart the thing just so it does routines.Another example, I asked Alexa ""What time is it?"" which I ask regularly and it responded with ""It is"" and stopped.  I then asked it again, the device lit up when I asked, but then went dark like it didn't hear me.  I tried yet again and the same happened.  I have a routine created that when I say good morning the volume lowers, and then it tells me the time and date.  I did that and it actually worked.  I also want to mention that I talk clearly and don't have a harsh accent.My previous echo dot never had any of these issues and if it wasnt for this having a great speaker and being on sale when I purchased I would return this and go back to my old device."	3	November 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was super excited to get these, I’ve had an Alexa in every room for years and free entry upgrade. The idea of cute spheres I could mount on my walls was super appealing, so I got the maximum quantity and mounted them using a cute white stand.That’s about where my excitement around these new speakers ended. Every Alexa model has a few quirks here and there, but these things specifically are actual trash. The number of artifacts during playback is insane, frequent, and every one of them is obnoxious. They wake me up in the middle of the night frequently with their BS, I’m about to rip them off the walls and through them out the window.Examples:-This morning I got woken up super early by a crackle that can only be called “fireworks” playing on top of sleep sounds out 2 of my speakers.-every single time I’m playing music or sleep sounds and ask Alexa to lower or raise the volume she’ll do it at first and then goes into stutter mode rapidly turning the audio on and off in all speakers, or fading the sound in and out rapidly. Every time I use my voice to change the volume I have to stop and restart my music.-Sometimes Alexa decides to just not change the volume on voice command at all, regardless of which phrase you use to ask her to. Sometimes you ask her to do “volume 3” and she’ll play 3 everywhere except one room where she plays volume 10 and you jump up screaming “Alexa Stop” before your eardrums burst but she apparently can’t hear you over the noise she’s making and so you have to run to another room and scream at a different Alexa to get her to stop and then manually adjust the volume for that one speaker in the app-often not all speakers in a group or room will play together even if they show as grouped in the app and you select that specific group for playback. There are two ways to fix this, remove and re-add the offending speaker, or send music to that speaker solo for a minute and then try the group again.-Randomly the speakers produce really loud constant static. So you’ll have multiple speakers playing music in a group and suddenly one will go static and the only way I’ve found to get it working again is to unplug it, wait a few minutes, and plug it back in.-in general the speakers are not consistent in sound quality, the music sounds slightly more tinny in one, more rich in another, more base heavy in another…it’s slightly noticeable with music if you switch the one that’s playing back and forth to hear the sound quality differences… but where it’s really obvious is with sleep sounds, frogs will sound higher in one, deeper in another, and like possessed demon frogs in a third.  One of the speakers plays sleep sounds at double speed and I’ve not found a way to fix it. For that one music is sometimes normal and sometimes double speed.-occasionally an actual demon from hell talks over my speakers and during the Covid lockdown I for sure thought I was going crazy. Occasionally a male or female voice will just talk through my speakers briefly, one or two words, and then nothing for a few weeks till suddenly in the middle of the night someone talks out my speakers again. I got paranoid and put them on their own dedicated WiFi channel and super protected it with a random 32-character password, I monitor my network traffic and access, and even still sometimes these things will pick up or play a person talking randomly.Since I bought these speakers there has not been a single day where I haven’t had to try various workarounds to get them to function. I’ve become a regular on troubleshooting forums and invested so much of my time trying to solve various random problems…it’s gotten to the point where I avoid using them if at all possible because they just don’t work correctly. I’ve grown to actually hate them due to my experiences and while I was a die hard Alexa fan prior to these, I will probably never buy another Alexa product again. I’m going to try to ride them out as long as possible to get some semblance of my money’s worth, but very soon these are all going in the trash…maybe the next time it wakes me up at 4am with sudden loud audio artifacts…	1	August 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can’t believe Amazon ditched the sleek, elegant design of their original hit concept for this hideous and inefficient miniature bowling ball. I have NO idea what they were thinking. Yes, the bowling ball sounds marginally better than my Echo Plus 1st Gen, but that’s a mighty slim margin. The EP1G, in the tonally reflective metallic silver most especially, is a modern masterpiece of design that blends in and contributes interesting conversation to any décor. By contrast, their 4th Gen is a plasticky child’s toy you have to hide away or make excuses for. The EP1G’s tower gave us superb sound, Zigbee, and a clearly visible mechanical light ring we can turn to control the volume. 4th Gen you have to fumble around to feel the raised symbols.Perhaps the worse crime of all is Amazon taking away our choice. Okay, if you want to go experimenting with bowling balls, fine. I don’t get why they had to force all of us into that form factor. The EP1G wasn’t broke. They really should not have “fixed” it. 4th Gen plastic bowling ball? Can't have this eyesore sitting in my living room. Back it goes.	3	November 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I will start off on a good note:  The sound is so much better than the previous generations.  However....As you can see there are two devices in the photo.  The one on the right is the original purchased, the one of the left was the used one I was sent to replace the one I am having problems with.  Clearly the replacement one was used, it has a small faded stain on it.  The issues I am experiencing involves the voice recognition.  I can say its name and it does not respond, sometimes I will have to raised my voice to a yell for it to hear me which does not work well when others are sleeping.  Other times, my older generation device in my bedroom responds and there is a wall between me and it.  I am sitting aprx 8-10 ft away from the device and it does not hear!  Sometimes when I ask it for my notifications, the one in the bedroom answers me thru the wall which of course I can't hear the notification!  They are going to send me a third one, due to the fact the replacement one I received was used.  Hopefully, the third time is the charm!  Aside from the issues with this particular device, I have always loved my Echo Dots.	3	October 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This product does not seem any better than the Echo Plus 2nd generation and looks much uglier. Whoever thought coupling a white power cord with a black-colored product needs to be fired. The first and second BLACK Echo products came with....wait for it.. BLACK power cords. Because if you are buying something in black, it is probably to pair with room decor. So having a very obvious WHITE cable paired with BLACK setting defeats the purpose. Obviously, the product in white coming with a white power cord is a great match; very stupid design choice. It looks like a duckpin bowling ball or a magic eight ball. Very odd. Bought 3 and will keep them since they were half-price. The white looks nice enough but the black only works if you can properly hide the entire cable. I did some voice recognition testing and the Echo Plus 2nd generation won that battle. HOWEVER at 50% off......that is ok. The white cable is clearly ridiculous. Booo	3	November 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"[Edit] This is my second time to edit this review. I've now dropped my review from the original 4 stars down to 1 star. I'm at the point of regretting making the purchase of two of these.This was my first experience owning an Amazon Echo. Maybe if I had experienced one of the earlier models that actually worked, I would have a better impression, but this model really is a piece of crap. The micrphone hardly ever works right. When it does actually hear you speaking to it, it often misunderstands what you're saying. Most of the time, we have trouble getting it to work because it won't even stay connected to the wifi.Out of frustration, I decided to run a test. I purchased some of the Google Nest devices and hooked those up in the same rooms as the Amazon Echo devices. When the Echo devices misunderstand what we're saying, we try with the Google Nest devices and they work flawlessly.For the last two days, every single time we talk to Alexa, her response is that she can't understand because she isn't connected to the internet. Every time we get that response from Alexa, we turn to the Google Nest and it works perfectly. Every single time the Amazon Echo fails us, the Google Nest steps up to the plate and performs exactly how you want it to.I really have deep regrets about purchasing these Amazon Echo devices. I've seen other reviews that say how much better the older models of the Echo are and how much better they perform. It's a shame we had the bad luck of trying the Echo for the first time on a model that is truly a lemon, because it burned us out on the whole Echo product line and sent us running for the competition.If we continue to have the problems with our Echo devices, I'll probably just go ahead and disconnect them and see if I can get some of my money back by selling them on Ebay or something. I wish I had just purchased the Google Nest originally and never had to deal with all of the issues with this Echo. Also, the Google Nest costs much less than this garbage. How does that happen. It costs like 1/3 the price and works flawlessly? Why can't Amazon make their product as well as Google makes theirs? I don't know. Just super unhappy with these Echo devices right now.[End Edit][Original Review]I wanted to get some Echo devices for my kids for Christmas. Target had the best price with a pre-black friday sale on the 4th gen Echo with premium sound, but that's because they were actually shipping the lower cost Echo while charging for the Echo with premium sound. After straightening that whole mess out and deciding that I couldn't trust Target to not try to cheat me, I purchased the 4th gen Echo devices straight from Amazon.The sound is pretty good, but I have a lot of hearing loss, so I'm not actually a very good judge on that. But to a guy who is half deaf, they sound ok.My biggest problem is that I have to say something to Alexa usually 2-3 times before she responds. When I say ""Alexa..."" the light ring at the base lights up, so I know the Echo is awake and listening, but simple commands like ""Alexa, turn on the lamp"" are met with stone cold silence and have to be repeated a couple of times before Alexa acts or responds. I guess the technology for this just isn't where I thought it was when we purchased these.At least once a day, both of my Echo devices tell me they can't turn a light on/off because they can't find the device, which starts a lengthy process of my trying to get the Echo to re-recognize the smart home plug that we previously had configured. Why does the Echo randomly forget the smart home devices that have been installed? I'm still trying to figure that out.The Echo devices also randomly lose the wifi signal in our house frequently. In the first two weeks, I can count at least 7 times one or the other of our Echo devices could not connect to our wifi, while multiple computers, tablets, phones, and smart tvs were all connected to the wifi with ease, the Echoes were seeming to struggle to maintain a connection to the wifi.We were having fun with the ""kitty kitty"" skill you can download to have alexa play a sound of a kitten calling it's mommy. Our cats went crazy trying to find the kitten. But of course, nothing is free in life, especially not when Jeff Bezos feels he can squeeze another penny into his pocket, so Alexa wants to run down a lengthy list of other sound options for the ""kitty kitty"" that can be purchased. If you don't want to listen to this long listen of purchase options, you can say ""Alexa stop"" or ""Alexa no thank you"", but either way, if you don't buy one of the add ons, Alexa gets a serious attitude in the tone of her voice to let you know she disapproves of your decision to not throw your money at Jeff Bezos.It's not just with the ""kitty kitty"" skill thing either. There have been several occasions when Alexa had such a tone in her voice that it made me stop and turn to look at the Echo. I would not be surprised if the blue light ring at the base was pulsating in a blood red color.Just based on all the hype about these, I seriously expected better performance from them, so I was really disappointed. With the problems we have using these 4th gen echo devices, I can't even imagine how much it was a problem with the 1st gen devices. Knowing what I know now, I would probably not buy these again or recommend them to anyone else. I think that maybe future versions will work a little better and not require you to repeat commands to Alexa so often. But if Alexa doesn't lose her attitude, I expect that by the time 8th gen devices roll out, Alexa will have the ability to hover in the air while spitting pea soup all over everything in the room and speak with a demonic voice as she stops asking you to buy add-ons and demand that you give all of your bank account and credit card info directly to Jeff Bezos."	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This speaker has poor midrange, likely due to it's crossover being to high up around 5,000 hz. from it's 3"" speaker.  The bass and treble are great for the speaker size, but a crystal clear midrange is a must have and this speaker does not have it.  I consider myself very knowledgeable about good quality sound.  I've run sound systems and been involved with high end audio for years. The tuner in the echo speaker is excellent, so I'm going to keep the speaker, use the echo tuner and power another powered speaker that I have that has a much better midrange."	3	November 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this Echo to replace my 2nd generation Echo. My main complaint with this device is I must be directly facing it in order for it to acknowledge my requests and MOST of the time I have to make the request multiple times, even when directly facing it.  Now, my 2nd generation, I could…and still can, because it’s in a new location…hears everything I say, all the time, regardless of the direction I am facing.  Going back to the Dot, it sounds good when playing music but the difference between that and my old Echo is not that substantial, to me, no WOW! factor.	3	October 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Update October 11—-DO NOT BUY. AMOAZON WILL FORCE UOU TO PREPAY/BUY REPLACEMENT WITH PROMISE TO REFUNF FULLY —THEN KEEP/STEAL UOUR KONEY (about $200), THEN BATTER AND BURY YOU WITH ABUSIVELY PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE OVERSEAS FAKE CS WHOSE ONLY GOAL, IN MY EXPERIENCE, IS TO GRIND YOU AND LIE TO YOU.Update Aug 29 #2-----Now I receive two emails (and NOT the requested escalation for corporate repeatedly requested) from Amazon filled with flat out lies about refunded money not delivered and misleading summary of sneaky offer of ""courtesy"" offered in ""empathy"" but then ""summarized"" -- in complete contradiction to the courtesy characterization furnished and my explicit rejection of the offer if in any way related to a resolution--- in as being a ""part of a resolution.""Update Aug 29--131 minutes (2hours 11 min) on call with Amazon CS todayAmazon reps, including American supervisor Andrew M--- who again refused to keep its promised or: 1) send replacement for broken Echo--free of charge, 2) provide full refund as promised for the forces pay-up-front con job of getting customers to buy yet a second Echo under lie of full refund, (sent this back for refund and had to fight for hours get the purchase price fully refunded), and 3) provide and apply up-front credit for up front purchase of yet another replacement speak --which arrived defective/unusable--So, Amazon still owes me 1) full refunds for all Echo 4s purchased, 2) a replacement speaker for the original speaker it took a year to ""tech expert"" diagnose as defective, and a GIANT APOLOGY for its abusive CS team.Did I mention--- the American supervisor tried to three-card-monte $100 Amazon promo credit (not a gift card or refund) as a ""courtesy"" that he later stated was given ""in hopes this would resolve the issue""---- IE-- sneaky stealing of some $150 and NO apology.  Rejected this sneaky move.  Then he said he couldn't transfer me to his supervisor, only a peer. Then he said he couldn't do that. Then he said he was transferring call to another representative for me to climb the CS abuse ladder again, only to place me on hold for about 10 minutes and transfer me overseas.Update July 18–Amazon STILL hasn’t given me the $160 it owes me. Beat part, the fake silence by CS trick—frequently employed to entice idea call dropped so customer ends call—then denial of such followed by more silence and then click.Update: July 12, 202228+ HOURS --- Trying to get back $160-- for DEFECTIVE ECHO 4Amzon told me I needed Echo 4 generation to supposedly solve the high-repetition ads on ad-free TuneIn Live Premium (commercials are playing as I type this).$80 -- Amazon instructed me to buy Echo 4 coupled with Amazon CS promise of full refund. Amazon delayed unreasonably the refund and then botched it---sending $80 to someone else.This is NOT a refund to me.$80 Amazon billing error ---Same as above.Now I am mired in the obstinate passive aggressive CS battering of emails and call center script reading telling me, essentially to suck it up or go spend hours of your time tracking down the money we gave someone else:""Contact the bank"" we sent it to and ask them to give you your money.----------------------WHAT?-------17 hours and counting --- Fake CS. Tech can't/won't solve problem that speaker doesn't sync. (Installed app several times and unplugged speaker even more---for about an hour. Prior Echo 4 took 5 minutes to one try at plug in to sync. So I know this second one is defective.)Tech ""support"" consists of nothing more than statements of reinstall the app and re plug speaker.Something that didn't solve the problem before fighting through maze of off-shore CS to reach ""tech expert."" Forget that these ""experts"" believe the actual speaker is the reason the Amazon's ad-free streaming service is streaming commercials--which is zany, if not obviously wrong, at face value.But each time this same commercial bludgeoning occurs these ""tech experts"" do nothing more than the re-app, re-plug dance after hours of navigating through layers of what--""tech anti-experts?"""	1	July 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update: Echo can only hear you about 1/2 of the time. Although this 4th gen Echo has some really nice features that we like, her ability to hear you isn't one of them. We can be standing right in front of her, and our Flex in a hallway on the other side of the house hears us and responds way more than she does. Not kidding. How can it, facing in the other direction walls away hear us and she can't? Our first generation Echo hears us 100% of the time, the 4th gen... maybe 1/3. We put her in the room where we are closest to her when speaking, but it doesn't really help much. In taking away the 360 mics and making her so focused in one direction, they lost something vital. SO majorly annoying. She sounds great, though. Just needs a hearing aid.Original review:The 4th gen Echo has better sound, a built-in smart hub and lots more bells and whistles than my 1st gen Echo, which is five years old and still going strong. I mainly use my Echo to check the weather, time various cooking projects or dog recesses, set zillions of reminders, answer questions, read Audible books, and play a lot of Spotify. What I REALLY, REALLY wanted Echo to do was to be able to call 911.Emergency calling: Within a few minutes of getting the Echo out of its box, it was set up for everything but AT&T and 911 calling. That took a bit of walking through instructions, squirreling off to my iPad (ADD for the win), and then back again to finish setting it up. I was able to connect to my AT&T account on the Alexa app very easily, and specify which devices are at what addresses. Most of our devices are at our home, but one of my daughters has her tablet at her other mom’s house. I loved that I could specify that her tablet was there. Now when I call emergency services (well, I hope never to call), they’ll know where we are if we use one of our Amazon devices. Way too cool!Overall, the sound is better, it has more features, and I really love that I was able to link in calling out on my Amazon devices via my AT&T account. I absolutely love that feature.Better sound is great, too, because I listen to music a lot. The sound is just richer and more detailed. No, this isn’t a Bang and Olufsen, but it sure sounds nice.One caveat. The light ring is on the bottom, so if you have this on a crowded surface as I do, it’s harder to see the light ring. If you have yours in a clear area, just ignore that. But for me, I preordered a wall mount. That will get the Echo raised to where we can see the light ring, and it will also clear the bit of space where I had it.Very pleased with this newest generation of Echo.	3	October 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	What should have taken about 3 minutes, ended up taking about an hour.  I was unable to pair the two echos I bought, despite help from tech support.  Eventually the tech support rep suggested seeing if the echos needed updating and one of them did.  After that they paired immediately.  Also, it would nice if Amazon would ship black plugs/cords with black echos.  It's a small issue, but the white cords don't match the echos and they stand out.	3	November 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I upgraded from a 1st generation Echo.The depth/richness of sound quality is better on this.But it doesn't ""hear"" as well.And while it has stereo speakers (not much spread, but it is indeed stereo), they appear to be wired up backwards!! (I connected my phone to it and played a left-right audio and confirmed it.) Unclear if this is an overall product bug, or if my particular unit is wired up backwards..."	3	November 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	What I liked – Better bass that my original echos No commercials in my flash briefing It has a hub just like my studios Better bluetooth headphone range than my first gen echos,What I don’t like – There isn’t any switch in settings for local voice control It can’t hear as well as my original echos The sound is in one direction It changes my bluetooth mesh lightbulbs when I turn them onOverall it isn’t a bad upgrade for four generations later than my original echos. But it has some flaws.First it doesn’t seem to have any switch for local voice control. So will the hub work when the internet isdown with my zigbee lights? My studios still control zigbee lights, but not sure if this one can. The newecho has trouble hearing me, but I think this is due to low power mode, as it has to recover before it canlisten. So I have to often repeat commands. The bass is nice and the sound is in one direction more likea normal speaker, but I got used to the 360 degree sound, so this seems a little backward to me. Thesound isn’t bad just different. One thing I hate is the interaction with my bluetooth mesh alexa onlybulbs. If I tell it to turn on light 2, it always turns it on at 100% and white. This is different from mystudios which just turn on the light at the current settings. I keep the downstairs light blue and 5%, if Igo downstairs and say to my studio turn on light 2, it is blue and 5%, if I say turn on light 2 to the gen 4it turns on the light white at 100%.Overall it isn’t bad, I will keep it, but I have the original echo in the closet just in case..	3	July 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I received my echo’s backin Oct. 22nd 2020.I’ll start out with saying I’m totally blind. I got 2 Echo’ 4thgeneration devices. To me, the sound on the 4th generation echo compared to the full size prior cylinders is worse to me. The 4th generation echo send the sound out mainly in 1 direction. The cylinders sent it out all around.The 4th generation echo comes with a short power cord. Went and got a power cord extender to be able to plug it in. That is a minusThe 4th generation echo doesn’t pick up my voice as well. This is probably because of the fact it only has 4 microphones and not 7. MinusThe buttons Arrangement on the 4th generation echo is different then the prior echo cylinders along with the prior dot’s. The older echo have the Volume up at 12 (Side of power cord coming out), Echo button at 3, Volume down at 6 and Microphone button at 9. The 4th generation echo has the Echo button at 12, Volume up at 3, Microphone at 6 and volume down at 9.Speaking of volume! This 4th generation echo as far as the Alexa voice isn’t as loud. It is at least 1 full volume step lower. Example, the prior cylinder at volume 6, I need to have the 4th generation echo at least at volume 7 for the same Alexa voice volume. MinusIn testing.1. Temperature The 4th generation echo hub will go below 32F. Plus.2. Echo 4th generation echo built in temperature is a lot closer. plus3. Echo 4th generation echo will not read battery status of sensors or humidity. No improvement.4. If you have a lot of sensors/bulbs connected on an Echo ZigBee hub. If you leave it plugged in, things will work OK. Otherwise if you want to move them over to the Echo 4th generation Echo, you’ll need to go through a lot of steps for each device.5. If you unplug the Echo 4th generation and plug it back in, you have to wait for it to recalibrate the temperature sensor 45 minutes to 60 minutes. Minus.6. I’ve had the Echo 4th generation just stop responding and had no audio output at all. I’ve had this happen at least 2 times within the last 7 weeks. Had to unplug the echo and plug it back in to get Audio back. The Echo showed online, I could do drop in to it from other devices in the house, I could tell one of my other echo’s in the house to set volume to 10 on the 4th generation echo and none of that caused audio to come back. The only thing that get the Audio back was unplugging and plugging it back in. Minus7. Sensor/light ZigBee testing echo 4th generation hub. All sensors/lights worked accept for an older plug that I had to use the Alexa App to get it online being the 4th generation echo thought it was an bulb when I did a scan for new devices. minus8. If you connect an Bluetooth headset to the Echo 4th Generation, the echo doesn’t use the microphone on the headset! It only uses the microphones on the unit itself. No improvement9. If you are using an Bluetooth headset and you have Follow-up mode turned on for that Echo, the Follow-up mode doesn’t work at all when using the Bluetooth headset. If you ask the Echo to turn on Follow-up mode, it will tell you it isn’t supported. No improvement10. If you have a fan blowing on the echo or over the echo! This will make the temperature way off! This is true for the Echo 4th generation. No improvementIf you have an old Echo dot! Then you will find a large improvement in the 4th generation echo over a DOT of any type.If you don’t have a echo at all or you are wanting to see what the smart home automation is about and are willing to deal with a very basic ZigBee hub! Then this may be for you.If you have other question; Post them and if I find them and can help I will.	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a 2nd generation echo when they first came out years ago. I keep it in our kitchen and use it daily for music, news and general inquiries. I have also setup some smart switches so I can control lights using voice through Alexa. When I upgraded to smart thermostats I purchased one that has Alexa built in. I noticed recently that the Echo was not interpreting my requests very well and frequently would not play a song after a request. I assumed it was just getting old so decided to upgrade to this latest device that was on sale during Prime days. I assumed there would be a significant improvement in sound quality but it is marginally better. not enough to justify replacement. I find I need to yell at this echo for it to recognize my voice, the old one worked much better. Lastly, I moved my old 2nd gen echo into the upstairs bedroom thinking I could play music up there but Alexa does not support that. Appears you need to have an individual Amazon account for each device if you want to have it play Spotify. I have a Spotify family account and have no interest in paying for Amazon music premium as well. I am disappointed with this and now I have two echoes that are unreliable when it comes to playing any requested music. I am seriously going to look at Google now.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Echo plus you ask some.music and always play it. This one ask for the subscription than the other one do not ask.Ex. T-rex ranch echo plus ply it all.along, the new echo you mus have a subscription.Disappointed.  I am returned it tomorrow	3	October 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I am OK with the appearance, though the round ball like profile is too overwhelming, I much prefer the Echo dot. My first complaint is that the newer ball shaped device take more space, LOTS more space. and my MAIN complaint is that Alexa 4gen keeps loosing wifi connections and I need to jump through hoops to get it to reconnect. Sounds like I am a winner, and I may be. Take into consideration that I have limited mobility and un plugging and re-plugging back in the modem, router and ECHO and then accessing the app in my phone to reconnect is just a pain in the ass. I would like to return the ball for a dot, but I doubt that is going to happen. thank you.	3	September 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have had this Echo for over a year now. The sound quality is great and I think each generation gets better. However, the 4th generation microphones can't hear most of the time. I've tried multiple different locations to see if that would help and always get the same results. My 3rd generation Echo dots in other rooms respond before this one will. Once, the Echo finally responds after saying ""Alexa"" 2 or 3 times it then doesn't hear my request so then I have to start all over again. Alexa...silence.. Alexa again...still silent.. Alexa one more time...hey finally a response! Sound a bit to familiar? This must be the teenager version of the Echo...lol! All in all it's a great sounding speaker I just wished it could hear better."	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds great. Voice recognition is great. I got this for NPR and BBC broadcasting. Unfortunately only one or two NPR stations or on Alexa. You cannot get BBC live on Alexa. Very disappointing with his service. It’s not like this is the very first Alexa.	3	October 29, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought an Echo 4th gen and an Echo Dot (4th Gen) in a package.  I've been using them for 9 months now. These devices do play music from Amazon Prime Music account but the Alexa software is pretty buggy.  Example:  For months I couldn't get the two paired Echo devices to play Amazon music (or anything else) on Everywhere group.  Then recently I was able to get that to work, BUT Alexa would only play one song from Amazon music then shut all devices down.  I made sure network connectivity was not the problem. Both Echo devices  are paired and connected to the same wi-fi network.  My Everywhere Group includes both devices.  I could play music all day long on a single device at a time.  Today (9/29/2021) I found that if you start initially playing Amazon music on Everywhere, it will shut off all devices after one song, BUT, if you initially start playing NPR/Kuow (from iHeart Radio) on Everywhere, you can then switch to Amazon music and songs will continue to play.  This is what I mean by ""buggy"".Now for the rest.  The other Alexa features like Lists, Routines, Chore Chart (blueprint), Task Tracker (blueprint) are so far pretty useless.  What I wanted to do was use Alexa to help us  (two adults) manage our time, like keep track of chores, with daily reminders, and keep track of tasks lists for each of us.  Alexa doesn't seem to be able to use more than a single ""list""  or tracker and it better be for a single person.  I created two lists (using Lists & Notes, not Blueprints), one a shopping list, one a to-do list.  Alexa had trouble keeping these lists separated, and adding/removing items at least from voice commands.  I also tried creating a couple of Skills using Chore Chart blueprint and Task List blueprint.  These also did not work for multiple people, and you cannot edit the items without logging into the Blueprints web so it's not very useful for a daily Task List that needs to be dynamic.Bottom line, it has taken 9 months to get this far. I was willing to put some learning time in, but not have to take a class or hire a technician just to get things working.  I find the Echo hardware are adequate speakers for me, but Alexa software is not.  Amazon's online documentation is woefully inadequate, difficult to find and very general.  I did not try the Help & Feedback from the iOS Alexa app since I find reading documentation on a phone screen difficult.  The forums are sometimes helpful if you use suggestions cautiously.  I  have spent a lot of time trying to get Alexa features working, and my lack of success does not make me happy.  I admit my expectations may have been too high."	3	September 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	(Update):  Amazon Customer support acknowledged the defect and sent a replacement as the product was under warranty. The new one is working fine so far (day 1) ----I have owned echo since the 1st gen released.  This one is a significant regression when it comes to voice recognition.  Really feel pathetic trading in my first gen for this. Kids stopped using Alexa as they get frustrated that the device doesn't recognize their instructions as well as it did before. Even the echo dot I have upstairs perform better than these.  Amazon does not do a great job of support for the devices.  They did remote diagnostics, sw upgrade etc remotely and eventually said I need to send this for repair which could take anywhere up to 3 months.  Not worth the time and effort.	3	September 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Almost everything about this Echo 4th Gen is a step backward. Sound has a little deeper bass, otherwise I like the sound of the Echo Plus 2nd gen better.  It does not respond to voice commands as well as the Plus.  It is like it cannot hear you as well.  Having the illuminated ring at the bottom where you cannot see it is just dumb, unless you have it on a glass shelf above head height.  Concerning Echo/Alexa in general, I cannot believe they have not made it any smarter in all these years.  Instead, they are putting all their energy into marketing gimmicks.  If I say the exact name of a song I want to hear, sometimes it will choose one with a similar name rather than the exact title I requested.  Stop doing what you think I want and start doing exactly what I say.  You should only play an alternative if I stated a title that does not exist or was not stated correctly.  I get ""Hmmm, I dont know the answer to that"" to some pretty simple questions as well.  They have it evolved to the knowledgeability of a nine year old and have not evolved it since.  I may begin to look at alternatives, as I cannot support this stupidity much longer.  In large companies, Marketing typically always has the power over Engineering.  I know this, as I am a retired Engineer from a large fortune 50 company.  It is apparent that Amazon is the same way.  I can hear the debate now... ""It won't work as well that way.  Yeah, but it is shaped like a ball and that is cool"".  Start selling the Echo plus again and I may buy one or two more.  Otherwise I am done."	3	May 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This was a Christmas gift for my 98 year old Grandmother.  My wife and i have an earlier echo generation and love it.  In my grandmother's case she loves the music, and help with reminders.  The problem arose during setup.  To create an account for my grandmother's echo it was required she had an email address.  She is 98 and does not use the internet nor has an email account.  So i elected to include it with my account.  All was good until we found out only one device could stream Amazon Music at a time.  My grandmother's Echo came with a promotional 6 month Amazon Music Premium feature while my wife and i only use the free Amazon Music with our Prime Account.  Suddenly, it became almost a competition where our echo would play one song then request if wanted to move the streaming service to our device.  We would have it and then lose it as my Grandmother at her location did the same thing.  I called Amazon about the problem and spoke with someone with a heavy Indian accent who claimed they could resolve the problem and after 20 minutes dropped the call.  I tried again and got a second Indian representative who was brash, rude, continually talking over me and saying ""just let your 98 year old Grandmother listen to her music!"".  Giving up i tried to politely end the call, where the representative asked if there was anything else he could help with.....  I was hoping i would get a survey about the call, but instead i got an form email from the rep saying it was a pleasure talking with me and he was glad he could help....  No survey.  On the same day this conversation occurred my wife got a charge on her credit card from Amazon for a Prime Membership.  When checking the credit card purchase online i clicked on the merchant who charged her and i was taken to my Amazon Prime Account.....  I did  not purchase a second Prime account and most assuredly not on my wife's credit card.  Well we got that charge cancelled but are still wondering what happened and are living with the competing Echo's.  Yet to be figured out.  The device is very nice....  The Customer Service to help us set it up...  Not so much."	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Okay, so I have 2 of these paired with a Fire 4K TV stick.If I'm only playing music through Amazon's music service... incredible sound and the volume is more than enough for any sane person to thoroughly enjoy.  For reference, we listen at about Volume 4.BUT...When it comes to watching a television show through the Fire 4K stick... it's so frustrating it makes me want to return them.  100% of the time, we set ""Volume 10"", which is maximum volume.  And even *that* doesn't always allow us to hear the dialogue coming through the show.I've tried SO many settings to fix it.  I've paired and unpaired countless times.AND there's more.For some reason, we have to reboot our 4K Firestick every single day before we watch a show.  Otherwise, at some point during the day, it disconnects from the speakers for TV.  And only for TV.  Because if we ask for music, it works just time, every time.Moral of the story:  happy with them for music.  Terrible as a speaker system for television.(Wife is a travel nurse.  We move every 3 months.  I was *hoping* they would be an incredible solution to save space vs. a full audio system.  I was wrong.)"	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Update: I gave more stars back,After this writing this review they called me up to give me a discount on the replacement. I was just about to purchase a new one when they called. I couldn't handle the bad sound it was giving on my favorite songs.  I like that they did that, but still make sure you pay attention to the sound and get more warranty or something. Bought the last one in Sept. of 2021 and it broke by June of 2022.  I had these less than a year. I never raise the volume past 6 most days... over time the sub just stop producing good sound and at some point I'm screaming at it to hear me. I have the bass on 0 and it still have that blown out sound. Like what happened? I'm sure they plan for them to break after a few months so you have to consider buying a new one. My whole house have one in every room or section and I'm thinking about tossing them all out and getting google just because you can whisper to those and they hear you. I also have flex throughout and and set them up to connect to the main echos to respond. I mostly use them for music throughout my place. Very disappointed in how bad they aged in less than a year.	3	June 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bigger than 3rd gen echo, but good sound quality.  Connected easily to my Alexa network.  BUT, I cannot understand why they paired a black echo with a white power cord.  Was this a mistake, because it looks as if I am using the wrong cord.  Cannot use power cords for previous versions of Alexa/Echos.  Small, but extremely irritating issue.	3	October 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Let me start off by saying I have been a LONG time user of the Echo platform, since gen one and have been a proponent of the platform. I have 20+ echo's and even upgraded some of them as time passes so maybe gone through 30. I just ran across an issue that had apparently popped up sometime last summer but just happened to us as well. I have bought all the Echo's in our family and registered them under my name, pretty standard. Up until we switched phones 3 weeks ago, my wife, who is in my household account, was ALWAYS able to go into her Alexa app and set alarms and reminders on any of our Echo's. As of yesterday that no longer is the case. She can only set alarms or reminders for her phone.I spent 2+ hours texting with 5 people in tech support, got so frustrated that I asked to be connected in person on a call. Talked to two more tech support people on the phone as well. They are telling(insisting) me that only the person who has the Echo registered to their name can set alarms or reminders on those Echo's. So if you have three kids with phones, they can no longer set alarms on any echo device. You can do it verbally still of course. But now if they want an alarm/reminder set in their room they have to walk up the stairs and verbally set it. How does this make ANY sense that only one person in a household can access the alarm/reminders on their mobile devices!?! Takes away half of our functionality!The funny thing is, every one of those techs said that is how it is supposed to work, even though for the last 4+ years my wife has been able to set her own alarms and reminders for our kids. THIS TAKES AWAY HALF THE FUNCTIONALITY OF ECHO'S(if you have a family). That is how she set our kids alarms all through COVID. After a quick google search I found several AMAZON FORUM posts going back a year that this has been happening to other people as well. Just google 'Unable to view or set alarms on Household devices' and you can read for yourself. I screenshotted them as I suspect they will somehow disappear.I think something might be changing at Amazon with the Echo platform and they are slowly taking away this functionality as peoples accounts change or something. I can't make rhyme or reason of it that more people haven't brought this up though. But based on the silly Amazon rep responses and the consistent denial that this was a viable function from multiple Amazon tech's, Amazon appears to have no reason to try and fix this. I suspect they may be rolling out some sort of paid service for Echo's soon. How much money did Bezos lose until Amazon became ubiquitous with everyone was ordering online? He did just recently run up in the annual fee, etc.  Get them a taste or two for free then get them hooked. He is playing the long game for sure. Just my conspiracy theory.Anyways, I will definitely be sending back the other Echo's and thermostats I just bought and may look at switching over to google's devices. Thankfully all my home switches are compatible. Just beware, Echo is no longer nearly as useful for families(or households) anymore and you may want to avoid.	1	July 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I love Alexa. It might be more accurately described as a love/hate relationship, but at the end of the day, I Adore that spicy bish. I love asking Alexa  strange questions or just throwing out song requests or a reminder or timer throughout my day, I utilize the crap out of her! Alexa answers are hit and miss, I do receive a lot of ""Sorry, I don't know that"" but all in all the idea behind Alexa is sound. I have owned at least 1 Echo and an echo dot (if available) since its inception, and continue to be impressed with the utility of it. This generation of Echo has been a real disappointment to me. While Alexa is becoming more fluid in this iteration,  in some ways it feels like a rather large step back from its predecessors.  Let's talk about this generations audio, shall we? I dislike that when using verbal commands to Alexa for volume up or volume down, it's  very basic and uses a 1-10 system. This can be modified using the plus or minus sign on the device itself, or using the Alexa app on phones (which, to its credit, allows for a 1% to 100% sliding scale to get the desired volume). However, if you are like me and want to be able to say ""Alexa, set volume to 22%"" Alexa will set the volume to the nearest  1-10 volume, in this case, it would set the Echo to volume 2. As an audiophile this feels clunky and lacks ease of use I've come to expect from Echo devices. The sound quality is alright, but I miss the 360 degree sound that previous generations gave me. Fourth generation Echo's also lack music clarity, and the bass is not impressive in the least.Next up, the shape, sigh. This 4th generation Echo looks like a crystal ball and takes up more space while also being a lot more noticeable. Perhaps this is intentional, but I prefer the more discreet shape of the 3rd generation. I am not impressed with them doing collaborations with designers like Diane Von Furstenberg when so many more necessary features like better audio quality and the Echo's voice sensitivity are sorely lacking. I'd love to see Amazon do a partnership with a company like Boss, to give us useful upgrades and higher audio quality."	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s OK it works a little bit better than an echo but not watch	3	October 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought two of these to set up a wireless stereo setup. The bass is insane, to the point where you have to turn it down to hear much of anything else. The midrange is recessed to a nearly objectionable amount, but for the price it's tolerable, I guess.Amazon must do something with spatial audio because the stereo image on these is also insane. Very nice.As for the Alexa thing, I already have four other Alexa eavesdroppers. This is more a review of Echo as an audio device and stereo deal. Short version: don't do it.Linking my two echoes together was easy enough, but one got put in  one ""room"" and one unassigned, and after days I can't for the life of me figure out how to get that other Echo into the same ""room"", but it's just a labeling thing. Connecting them in stereo was simple. Then came the issues.First... these only work in stereo if you stream from an official Amazon(tm) service. That means Amazon music (and probably Prime video). So if you wanted to use these in stereo for TV or YouTube... nope. Doesn't work.And even using this with Amazon Music... is problematic. I have to connect to the pair twice before they start playing, but I can deal with that. But then the Amazon Music app might reset and then I have zero control of what's playing. The speakers keep going on the playlist, somehow, but the app completely loses any sense of what's going on. So seeing what's playing or skipping songs isn't do-able.And as a Zigbee hub... well one works great, but Alexa has no sense of common controls like changing light colors in a group (only individually). It's a great piece of hardware stymied by limited software. There's no reason Alexa couldn't crib notes from every other zigbee app out there, and use my wifi network to stream audio data from one Echo to the others when I bluetooth connect to it. These would make a great little theater setup if they got that to work and kept the sale pricing.Of course, I don't use the thing for Alexa at all, which should probably say something about the strange product planning involved as well. Kudos to the hardware guys, but what is the software group up to?"	3	December 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa worked ok for about 10 months, now a year later it’s either dead some days or dying, it will not pair with our echo dot that is literally 11 ft away and as of a few months ago (a week after the return date expires) we get the response to a request “I’m sorry I didn’t get that” every other day.  It has started making a very loud static noise which interrupts whatever it is the thing is trying to rate.  I have rebooted our internet and the device multiple times to no avail.  Very disappointing Amazon.	3	September 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have an echo dot, fire tv cube and a new echo. The microphone on the echo seems less responsive than the old echo dot I have. I can be sitting in the living room, where I have the echo, and when I say, hey Alexa, it doesn’t light up. Often, I can try to play a song in the living room and the echo dot in my bathroom will start playing. Even the fire tv cube in my bedroom responds better than the echo. I even changed the wake words for the devices in case that was the issue, however it may have helped the echo only slightly. The dot still responds from two rooms away, yet the echo doesn’t always respond from ten feet away. Otherwise it is a good device. The sound is much better than the dot. There is distortion if I turn it too loud but even turning it down a little clears it up, and is still plenty loud to jam out while cleaning. 😊	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker sound is horrible. It sounds muffled, unclear and there are no sound adjustment controls for the speaker. .  Unbelievably, my 1ST GEN Alexa has great sound. I wish I could buy another.	3	October 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Needs lots of improvements, specifically for the price.	3	November 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I own both the full size Echo 4th, and the Echo Dot 4th with LED Clock. I purchased two of the full size Echo 4th devices to allow for connectivity for Ring Bridge devices, notably a Ring Mailbox Sensor and a Ring Lighting Motion Sensor, both of which require either a Ring Bridge, or a Sidewalk Bridge device. This Echo device is specifically named as a recommendation. I gave it a shot, and both the mailbox sensor and the motion sensor went offline repeatedly, even when placed just a few inches from the Echo 4th Gen unit. Sometimes they came back online on their own. Sometimes they ran their batteries dead trying. I returned one of the sensors thinking I had a bad one and got the same results. When I bought a dedicated Ring Bridge, all the problems went away. Sidewalk Bridge simply isn't working and isn't reliable.As for the other features, the audio quality when listening to music or just hearing Alexa's voice is very boomy by default. I haven't tried playing with the equalizer, but really, I should be able to get decent quality from default settings.Voice recognition is hit-or-miss if you're not using Alexa as your wake word. It doesn't seem to matter much if you're facing the unit directly when you speak to it or if you're just somewhere in the room. Recognition is about the same either way, for better or worse.The unit itself is HUGE, and the audio is comparable to the Echo Dot 4th Gen, so if you're faced with a choice between the two and don't need Sidewalk, I'd recommend the Echo Dot.Lastly, the surface is covered with cloth, meaning that cleaning it isn't much of an option. I suspect that at some point, mine will look dingy enough from touching the buttons that I'll want to re-wrap it. Or maybe I should do that preemptively. Does anyone make custom skins for this thing?	3	January 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Easy to set up, I replaced my old echo dot and this has a better sound quality.	3	October 24, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought this Alexa ball after realizing the marketing kings already know everything about me anyway, so might as well have this listening in. My phone, TV, and I think it must be my rug or something, already knows even what I'm thinking about.Anyway, I was hoping it could change my TV channels at least, but that involved buying another gizmo. OH --""PREMIUM SOUND"". Not sure what that means but it isn't hifi Bose quality. More like enhance AM radio.That voice ... annoying, so I changed it. It says you can change the voice, but its only male of female. And they say you can change the wake up name. There are only a couple that you can choose from a list as well. All with multiple syllables, and I want a one syllable name..like JOE... Hey Joe. So it stays Alexa with a male voice.I love the shape and look, and with the added light at the base, it looks pretty cool. It would be even better if the entire globe radiated soft pastel colors and then jumped bright red when someone is detected at the front video doorbell You could keep the yellow for when a package is delivered by Amazon.THe jokes are pretty corny. The weather report is great, and it can tell you what temperature is residing at its location. Overall use for TV is great if you have a Fire TV. It wants to go to Fire TV over ROKU or even cable. Changing cable using the Fire TV Blaster is a bit hit or miss. It doesn't respond the same to even the same command to change the channel. Overall using Alexa to control the TV is hit or miss anyway. Much easier to just use the remote.My overall assessment is that it's a cool gimmick, not really practical. That might be me though, as I'm old. A longtime tech-head, but an old one. Sometimes cool factor of a product isn't worth the bother."	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Add the title said,  I was expecting a clock airing and there is no led clock. Nothing in settings and when using voice command... Alexa says this device can't do that	3	October 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Amazon CloudCam will be decommission at Dec 4th and my smart lock will be not longer access from smart phone. I spent over $300 for CloudCam and Smart Lock, but Amazon just decommission Amazon Key and Cloudcam with $80.00 as complimentary. It is bad.This Cam has very short cable and do not have person motion detection as well as no at home feature(turn of cam). Alexa does not support ""Kwikset 99160-020 Smartcode 916 Traditional Smart Lock Touchscreen Electronic Deadbolt Door Lock"". I need Jeff bezos to give all customer an answer and gave me a smart lock which will work with Alexa for remote access.======Below are from Amazon.com's Customer service team, but AMAZON do not take actions to resolve the issue that AMAZON caused, but ask customer to buy more device to solve the issue.Thank you for the reply - Unfortunately, the model you described:""Kwikset 99160-020 Smartcode 916 Traditional Smart Lock Touchscreen Electronic Deadbolt Door Lock with SmartKey Security and Z-Wave Plus.""Is not directly compatible with an Echo's zigbee hub, it uses z-wave a similar but different protocol, which would necessitate a hub.That being said, you still have 2 options here, you can try to use the documentation I provided to get your earlier smart lock hooked up to your Echo.Please note that instead of using the key app and trying to pair with the smart lock, you just have to tell the Echo ""Alexa, discover devices"" after resetting the smart lock or putting it in pairing mode. (I understand the documentation is old, but zigbee is standardized so there's a good chance we can pair with the lock).Alternatively, you can try a z-wave lock and use a compatible hub, I have 2 suggestions for hubs linked below for you to choose at your convenience - each of which will work with both Alexa and Google assistant:https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08TWDNQ5Q/https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07D19VVTX/"	1	November 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's just MEH.	3	November 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	No es compatible con fire stick para vincular cine en casa.	3	October 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought during prime day a month ago, one day Alexa started rattling and warbling like Katherine Hepburn in 'On Golden Pond'. Speaker obviously blown, but never played music loudly. Amazon customer service is OK, but I'm waiting a week-two weeks for a replacement? I should've been sent a replacement first (I had to box up the broken one and ship it back to them at a UPS store) and when the replacement arrived, put the defective one in the same box and send it back. I've been an Amazon Customer for more than 20 years (back to when they only sold primarily books, remember?) I buy practically everything through them and I just see their once legendary customer service and products slipping away	3	August 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	After using this for a few weeks there's definitely more negatives about this new model.  Compared to even the Gen 1 Echo Dot, its comprehension of what you're saying or ability to even hear you on the first try is not nearly as good.  Our old Echo Dot could hear us well from the other room, this one doesn't hear us on the first try 60% of time - from only a few feet way!  I've had enough experience with family members' earlier gen Echos to know this device is also inferior to them.The ball shaped, cloth coating gets dirty VERY quickly in a kitchen environment.****November 24, 2020****I purchased this Echo due to its ability to connect with Philips Hue bulbs without a hub.  The product is new enough that Amazon tech support does not understand that the Echo 4th generation does not work with Philips Hue bulb model LWB004. I have 2 of them and spent way too long on the phone trying to sort it out.  I ended returning my new Echo and getting again with a bundle of 2 new Hue bulbs (Model 453100).  Those Hue bulbs worked immediately and easily.The sound quality is is a step back from the the previous Echo models.  Definitely distortion on the maximum volume that is not there in older models.The size and shape are not as problematic as I thought it would be.  It does feel like it will be prone to getting damaged by kids more than the older coffee can version of the Echo design.In the end though, it is still cheaper than an Echo Dot plus a Philips Hue Hub.  And the Echo 4th gen certainly sounds better than an Echo Dot.  Additionally,  I am one of the people who got burned by Philips shutting off access to the first generation Hub, so I am happy to not be forced into buying another Hub from them.The sound quality is is a step back from the the previous Echo models.  Definitely distortion on the maximum volume that is not there in older models.The size and shape are not as problematic as I thought it would be.  It does feel like it will be prone to getting damaged by kids more than the older coffee can version of the Echo design.In the end though, it is still cheaper than an Echo Dot plus a Philips Hue Hub.  And the Echo 4th gen certainly sounds better than an Echo Dot.  Additionally,  I am one of the people who got burned by Philips shutting off access to the first generation Hub, so I am happy to not be forced into buying another Hub from them.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not enough of a difference from the $10 Echo Dot to warrrant the much higher price.  Good but not special.	3	October 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"All I wanted was a way to play music.  Alexa has a decent speaket for my purposes and I figure it will work well with my Prime Music.  Ha.  I've never been able to get Alexa (or Echo) to reliably play a playlist without a big hassle.  I took to setting up routines to get the device to play the right playlist.  But now it won't even do that.  Now Alexa will play my playlist - the same one it's played for 3 months - on ""shuffle and similar song"" mode.  I mean, if I wanted random music I'd ask for that and not ask for a playlist.  When I ask to turn off shuffle mode Alexa says it can't.  I checked my prime music and it is NOT on any kind of auto shuffle mode that I can see.  Going with Alexa for music has been a mistake. A device that is supposed to make life easier has been a constant source of frustration and now a complete fail for the purpose I bought it.  I can't imagine how frustrating it must be if you want to do anything more challenging than playing a music playlist."	2	November 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the fifth Echo device I've purchased.  My 2 previous Echos are the Plus 2nd Generation.  Those are excellent.  I wanted to purchase another of those but this one appears to have replaced that.  First of all I wouldn't consider this to be gray, it looks black.  Second, they supply you with a WHITE power chord instead of black.  This doesn't make sense and it looks stupid.  The chord is also significantly shorter than the chord on my previous devices.  The worst part is the microphone rarely picks up my voice on the first, and sometimes second, try.  I have to yell at it to recognize me.  This is extremely annoying and I never have this issue with my other Echos.  The only plus is that the sound quality when playing music seems to be as good as the Echo Plus.	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	". . . seems to have been wiped from the face of the Earth.I read the specs and thought ""why not"". So I was having problems with my Gen 2, had a conversation with Tech Support and they said that the Gen 4 was many steps ahead in many of the problem areas that I was having. SO, I traded it in (big mistake), Gen 2 and got a good price on the Gen 4. But it turned out to be the ""Alexa System"" itself and still is. I still have the same problems. If not more as things seem to be degrading. And the design of the Gen 4 doesn't help at all with salient interaction. But now I have them with the inadequacies of the Gen 4 Bowling Ball. (Whomever thought of that should be . . . )As with all the other features, they're over hyped. Including the ones that they are releasing as if it's the 12 Days of Christmas. I have too much Bass even though I have backed it off in the settings. The device rattles as if there is ""FUD"" in the speaker cavity and rattles every thing that is in the vicinity. It also distorts easily and there seems to be no common volume settings/volume leveling, I know there are settings, they don't work, across all systems that provide material. The volume seems to be doing it's own thing. I've seen this said in a couple places. Even the ""Adaptive Listening"" is the epitome of wonky. It seems to operate just the opposite for what they say. I get all my music and podcasts lower than ""She who shall not be named"" and when ""She"" chimes in, it's blaring! The ""Increased User Vocal Sensitivity Pickup"" is nothing like they profess or the Gen 2 was. I have found, so has my family, that I have yell to get it to hear me. And repeat myself a lot!! The way it's designed it has a ""Front"" that you have to be inline with or it doesn't work right. ""What happened to the guy that created this thing?!"" The Gen 2 responded to a normal talking level from 360°. ""She"" was just dumb. As they all are. The new ""Infra-Red Motion Sensing"" says that it's calibrated so that it reads things in a normal manner to avoid natural and not intentional movement. So it'll see a person when it's necessary and operate appropriately. ""So your don't have to wave your arms around in front of it"". YES YOU DO!AND with all this volume adjusting using the buttons on the top, HOW IN THE HECK DO YOU KEEP IT CLEAN?!!! I had though of putting it in a bowling ball cleaner at the lanes, but . . .There's so much just pain wrong with the whole situation in the first place that only make a half-arsed device, even more half-arseder. My Routines are no longer working completely. Sometimes they will completely fire off, to my surprise. But mostly not. Will fire off bit and pieces of a Routine if it cares. I'm having a heck of a time getting some devices to connect and once they are ""She"" snarfs them up and it's like having Double Natting in a Router. Other times I won't even be done and ""She"" says she sees it already and I haven't named it yet, so there's more work to make it right. And it doesn't always work.Oh! I have changed the voice over to the ""Male"" voice so I don't feel as bad cussing at it. But ""He's"" still dumb. Just like the ""pre-Demon"" Hemsworth in the ""Female"" version of ""GhostBusters"".Not sure what they are up to . . . I don't think they are either . . ."	2	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I got the echo to use a speaker for my fire stick to stream tv and movies. However, when paired wirelessly the sound was not very good. It sounded like the speaker had a bunch of reverb or something. I tried a bunch of different fixes with the amazon customer service people but nothing worked, so I got a replacement echo but the sound was the same. However, when I connected the speaker to the Fire Stick with an aux cable, the sound was much improved. It is just annoying that I had to do that.So if you were thinking using the Echo as a wireless speaker to stream shows and movies, I would caution against it.	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a pair of these. A 4K fire stick and the sub. It was a bit of a challenge to get everything connected and working. The sub is decent, not super loud if that’s what you are going for. Once you connect the 2 echos with the sub you can’t change any of the sound settings individually.We listen to SiriusXM a lot and it keeps dropping the signal and going to static. Spotify works fine. Not sure why it doesn’t seem to like satellite radio. We have very strong wifi with a mesh system so it’s not a wifi issue.Overall the echos and sub combo sound good and it does the job of deleting a soundbar under my tv above my mantle. You’re not getting theater quality sound but it’s good for the price on prime days.	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like almost everything about this product.Unfortunately, it announces “NOW CONNECTED TO [DEVICE NAME]” whenever you activate it.If you’re connecting this as a PC speaker be prepared to be woken up at 2am when your PC installs a random update and restarts.Research this issue online and you’ll see it has been known for years and Amazon does nothing to fix it. There are a few bandaids you can stick on like restarting the device, but none of them work over time.Absolutely stunning lack of consideration to how the thing will be used in real life. The worst part is I’m sure they could easily patch this online (other people have literally developed desktop applications to override the functionality) but they just…don’t.	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	My 3rg generation echo dot easily connects to my iPhone and iPad.  I have 2 4th generation Echos and neither connects to Bluetooth at all. I have tried all the tricks posted by all the other Echo 4 owners who cannot connect and none works. I have set up and reset up  these Dots (using wifi since blue tooth doesn't work) and it made no difference. There is some defect in these devices. Do not purchase if bluetooth connection is important to you.	3	September 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have owned every echo since their inception . And one fact is true ... amazon has done a very good job with making small improvements while keeping the costs down . This latest design is once again a minor improvement on the previous generations I own . The sound has improved a bit . Slightly more bass and treble . Still not a Sonos or a Bose ... but the cost isn’t either . So it’s a compromise . Glad they finally just included the “hub” instead of 2 separate models . The design being a sphere is up for debate . One thing that isn’t ... it’s no longer a omnidirectional speaker . It sends sound where you point it . So unfortunately you can’t bounce the sound off a wall to increase the bass like previous generations  . The look ? Meh ... kinda weird . But not a deal breaker . One complaint I have as well as others : the led indicator that lets you know it’s listening is now on the bottom . Terrible placement . You just can’t ever see it ! If it was higher or if it was much brighter perhaps . 2 things that I’m not happy about at all  : 1) like others have said ... the microphones are no longer as sensitive as other generations . My older echos almost never miss when I ask a question , even clear across the house . This one ? I very often end up screaming at it , especially when the music is playing . Even when I’m just a few feet away. It seems as though there are either less microphones or the ones on this model are not as discerning. Perhaps a software update in the future will improve this . ( note : I am not alone in my evaluation - others are having the same issue) 2)  My biggest dislike ? I purchased 2 black / charcoal echos ... and they give you white power cords with white power blocks ! White ? Seriously ? No doubt this is a cost saving measure so that they include the white ones across the board no matter what you order . But ... they are ugly as Hell ! They do not blend in at all . Hopefully they listen to all of us complaining and change this - as well as swap out our white ones for black ones . Amazon pulled a Henry Ford with the model T . You can have any color you want ... as long as it’s Black ! One last thing - terrible WiFi reception !	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Aside from the ""by the ways"" that force me to wait, here's my experience with Alexa this afternoon.I set 2 timers for a nap. After they rang, I set another 30-minute timer (I know I nap quite a bit). However, after the new timer is set, the old timer kept ringing. So I said to Alexa with my dreamy eyes, ""Alexa, turn off the alarm"" to which Alexa replied, ""there is no active alarm.""Thinking that the 30-minute timer is canceled too, I told Alexa again, ""Alexa, set a timer for 30 minutes."" It replied, ""Second alarm set for 30 minutes."" Frustrated, I then told Alexa to clear all timers and set just 1 alarm for 30 minutes, to which it replied, ""Third alarm set for 30 minutes.""Not wanting three alarms to go off one after another, I asked Alexa to clear all timers. Alexa then read to me, that I have 3 active timers set, with the FIRST timer set to 30 minutes and X minutes X seconds remaining, the SECOND timer set to 30 minutes X minutes X seconds remaining, the THIRD timer set to 30 minutes and X minutes X seconds remaining, which one did I want to cancel. I said ""all of them."" Alexa then said ""timer all of them"" was not found and then hung up on me. I then had to tell it to cancel my timers again. It repeated the same information about each of the timers, which took a very long minute, and then proceeded to ask me which timer I wanted to cancel again. ""You have a 30-minute timer with 23 minutes and 40 seconds left, a 30-minute timer with 25 minutes and 12 seconds left, and a 30-minute timer with 26 minutes and 23 seconds left. Which timer would you like to cancel?""""The 30-minute timer."" I replied.""Fourth timer, 30 minutes, starting now.""----------------------------------------------------------------Although I have now figured out that I needed to say to Alexa ""clear all timers,"" frustrations like these and all the unwanted advertising are still making me want to just donate Alexa to charity. Maybe I will someday."	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded from a 2nd gen that I loved... Speakers were great, whisper across the room and it heard me.  I've had the 4th gen for 3 months and absolutely hate it.  The speaker sounds great, but the microphones are terrible.  Pretty much defeats the purpose of having a smart speaker.  I have it sitting on my nightstand 6 to 10 inches from my head and it doesn't hear me.  I literally have to almost yell for it to do anything while lying in bed.  Standing up, I need to right up to it to have it respond to me.  I've reset, de-registered and re-registered, tried all the internet solutions and it still doesn't work.  There is definitely a flaw in the design or components.  Buyer beware, hopefully Amazon can fix the issues.  I am ready to throw this in the trash.***UPDATE: 10/5/22***Still having the same issues with the microphones not hearing me.  I've been contacted by Amazon Outreach Support for comments on my review.  They offered to replace the unit with a refurbished one, but I did not want one that someone else returned for possibly the same reason.The 4th gen has 4 microphones where as the 2nd gen I traded in had 7 microphones.  Why the reduction in microphones?  With my bedroom door open I can yell to my bedroom Echo, with out a response,  and I can hear the 2nd gen Echo downstairs in the living room respond.  It is actually comical at this point.  I no longer have to snooze the alarm since I fully wake up trying to get it to respond.  Something is definitely wrong with this design and lack of microphones.  I've been watching and waiting to see if an updated version is coming out, but still nothing.  Huge disappointment for a great device.We have a total of 7 Echo speakers in the house range from the cube to the dot, varying generations.  By far this is the best sounding, but it is also deaf at the same time.  I dabbled with the idea of replacing my home entertainment speakers with either 2 of these 4th gen and the sub-woofer or an Echo Studio and the sub-woofer, but none have been updated in years.  2020 for the 4th gen and 2019 for the Studio.  I hope new version come out of both speakers and I can make a few upgrades.Bottom line, if you have an older gen Echo and it suits your needs, wait for a better model to be released and skip the 4th gen.	1	September 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not like the sound quality. I get richer, clear sound with a $15 Bluetooth speaker. As for Alexa integration: it’s a useful as the Dot but getting it to work with SmartLiving isn’t going at all. It’s not very inclusive. Sooo, out of step with society. C’mon, Bezos! Get a better design team	3	September 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"1. My echo is gray/black and comes with a white cord that sticks out like a sore thumb making my countertop look messy.  Design fail.2.  This echo has a sense of urgency that is irritating.  I get it Echo, my timer is going off, but please give me time to actually respond to you before you tell me again.3.  This echo cannot hear or understand me as well as my 1st Gen.4.  This echo doesn't always give me the option to continue speaking. It's a hit or miss.5.  Sometimes responds, sometimes doesn't, even though I'm close.  Makes me yell at it out of frustration and I don't like that.6.  The I'm listening ""ding"" is way too loud considering my volume setting for the voice.7.  My 1st gen Dot performs better than this 4th gen Echo.  No way I'm getting rid of my Dot for this major design fail.I regret ""upgrading"" from my loved 1st gen to this 4th gen."	2	November 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This seems like it would be a useful, hands-free device, but so far we're not impressed. The AI seems weak and always interested in sending us to some subscription site. The weight of the plug causes the plug to fall out of the wall socket. I assume it's Alexa trying to avoid having to deal with us :) The speaker quality is decent, but not really outstanding. It can get loud, but the bass is dull IMHO and muffles clarity at times.Anyway, if you like shouting commands at someone repeatedly (maybe you're a drill sergeant or unhappily married), then this might be a diverting toy for you. More seriously, though, if you have restricted mobility or you live alone, then this device could be a real time/effort saver if you have it hooked up to other devices in your home (e.g., lights, tv, wall thermometer). You should be aware that there is a trade off between your privacy and the detail of your personal experience. For example, Alexa will want access to your contacts if you use it for calling folks via your wifi (your internet connection). And, it wasn't so long ago that people were able to hear others' conversations and command history. BTW: This is information you can look up via your Amazon account. So, travel with caution and ask yourself whether voice commands are superior to the discretion of silently typing your searches (which are archived is a cloud unless you disable the feature). I'll update this review once I've had more experience with the device, but right now, it seems that an Apple iPad does pretty much the same things (with Siri) and video availability (though at a much greater cost).	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	DON'T BUY until Amazon fixes this annoying, completely unnecessary stupid feature.	3	October 16, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound quality but this echo is worse at waking up on the command word than previous generations.The new inside temperature feature is cool but is often wrong (by 10+ degrees) so is somewhat unreliable.	3	September 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not crazy about the sound.  Not as good as the older tower style. It also drops connect with web more often. I also noticed it doesn't hear as well and I have to repeat my alexa commands.	3	September 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Although it is much larger than my old Echo Dot,  the voice clarity is not nearly as good.  It sounds 'muffled"" Also, at times, it has difficulty in understanding me."	3	September 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like that it's loud when I listen to my music. What I don't like is when the Alexa is not able to hear me or understand and it glyches out sometimes.	3	September 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Horrible mic and it’s never worked right. I called Amazon and they had me do a reset which made it work okay for about 5 mins then the same thing happened where you have to stand over the top of it to get it to hear you. For the record I have tons of these devices and most work great but this thing is junk.	3	September 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	can't notice the bottom ring. It takes up way too much room in width. really ugly too.	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	UPDATE 11/19/2020The speaker doesn't pick up my voice as well as the Gen 1 echo - find myself repeating commands more frequently. I was able to connect a Philips Hue bulb and it seems to be working well as a hub - it's a nice feature. The temperature sensor seems to be working well. I'm not a fan of the lights being underneath reflecting off the surface. It's more difficult to see them and I miss the large rotating volume knob which is much more intuitive to use. It was impossible to add the new speaker to my existing speaker group - seems to be a bug of some sort with the Alexa app (iOS). I couldn't stream to the device using my Amazom Music app, also seems to be a bug of some sort with the app (iOS).ORIGINAL REVIEW 10/23/2020I was hoping the audio quality of the 4th gen was going to be better than my first gen echo. I listened to them side by side and the don't sound THAT different - not worth the cost of replacement. The new version is louder, has slightly more pronounced bass and fills the room about the same when against the wall. The sound of the new one seems unbalanced. The highs are tinny and overbearing. Mids are understated and the bass is so-so. Overall the sound is top heavy and flat.Its width takes up a lot more space, about double over the first gen. The buttons on top are kind of difficult to press - they're hard to feel without looking, shaped into small symbols instead of chunky round buttons and not that responsive. The original echo's buttons were easier to navigate without looking.I don't mind the white cable because it blends in better with the white walls.If you don't mind having 2 devices, I would suggest going with an echo dot and buying a good quality bluetooth speaker. The flexibility of taking the speaker elsewhere with you and the sound quality will be much better.	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It does what it is supposed to do as far as be an Alexa speaker.  The sound is lackluster and lacks any punch	3	September 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	General Annoyance - I bought this with the free globe offer - amazon lost it in delivery - there was no way to speak to anyone on their app so I just had to cancel it. BUT Cancelling it was difficult because it mysterious vanished from my recent orders, which seems devious as it was supposed to be a free included item - but I am hoping I am refunded its full price.PROsI new I wanted this for Spotify playing so I paid more to get the better speaker, and as I can connect it via bluetooth to my TV Soundbar /Bass it even sounds better. So overall happy but in truth I am no sound expert /musicphile.CONs- If you don't have an American accent and you want to set it to yours, you apparently lose functionality in the US but its not clear on what functionality to make it an easy choice.- I have it announce my Calendar but it does it twice. You can set the reminders to only announce once but it doesn't work for the calendar integration - its really annoying.- I like to clear up and delete my history - don't see any need for Amazon to have it. But to delete Activity you have to delete each Activity card and its like two taps. Again really annoying.- I have noticed things mysterious turn themselves on and off since setting this up. Can't tell if it's Alexa or the apps running the connected items to it. I don't see anything in Alexa history to suggest its Alexa and I haven't investigated further. i.e Xbox and lights mysteriously turn on.	3	December 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is our 3rd and worst Echo. Hasn’t heard voice commands on several occasions!	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I currently have a 2nd Gen Echo and 2 Echo Dots. I listen to the 2nd Gen Echo the most and decided to give this a try to upgrade the sound. My favorite thing about the Alexa products is being able to network them together into groups. The sound quality on this was a step up from my 2nd Gen. That is where the good stops. This device would frequently stop playback altogether. Whether it was Amazon Music, a Flash Briefing or a 3rd party app it would just stop playing. I could not get my devices to play in a group with this device as part of the network. All my devices were hooked up to the same 2.4 ghz wifi network. I deleted and re-added all the devices multiple times. I spent countless hours on the phone with support. Everything worked fine until I added in this devices. When I removed it, the groups worked fine. The last straw was when it was in the middle of delivering a severe weather notification and it just stopped working. I will stick with the older, slightly less great sounding tech because it reliable works. This is getting returned.	3	April 25, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had to buy a new, more expensive, larger, uglier Alexa device because the old one could not connect devices on a modern Wi-Fi router with 5G. She is not capable of answering almost any question, including her own model or specifications. And after a dozen tries, she still could not connect to my device. Alexa used to be far simpler, far less expensive, and work far better.Is it time to convert to Google smart home, or is that just as bad?Addition: After posting this review, Amazon Customer Service called me and was able to assist me in connecting this Echo to my devices. I have added two stars to reflect that service.I remain disappointed that I had to buy two new Echoes and devices to connect to them merely because Comcast replaced my router with a newer model. And it is still the case that this Echo provides less assistance than the older models I had.  Also, having lived with it for a few days, I have noticed that the sound quality is worse than the older models, even though it looks like it has a bigger speaker.	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	When integrating my Ring smart LED there is an option for a 4th Generation Echo. Instead of buying the Ring Bridge I bought this instead. It’s a great Alexa - horrible bridge. Even the level 2 Ring tech support says it barley works with the Ring devices - they’re right…	3	September 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought two of these during a sale and traded in my 1st and 2nd generation devices. They are solid units, but fall short in the following ways:1) Voice recognition not as good as previous generations. There are times when I attempt to wake the device up and have to shout. I was able to wake the other devices up with more of a conversational tone. There are also times when it doesn't appear to be able to process what I said, so it will just disregard everything and not say anything.2) The speaker is good, but I can see why others have complained about it not being 360. One of my devices is placed facing the dining area. When I am in the kitchen, the music does not sound as good since it is facing away from me. This was not an issue with the 2nd generation is previously replaced.3) Not a big deal, but it would be nice if they sent out a darker cord with the dark colored units. They did this previously.In the end, if your device needs to be replaced or you don't currently have one, then this is a solid device. If you have a 2nd generation (or higher), then maybe skip this one.	3	February 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’m a bit disappointed with the Echo device. The sound is definitely an improvement compared to the previous models. The voice recognition does not work very well in my case in addition the echo moves on my desk because of vibrations when I play loud music	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Update: 28 Jan 2022I've really had it with this thing; it's a hot, steaming pile.  I recently went through a phase where the ring would light yellow, letting me know that there were new notifications waiting.  I'd say, ""Alexa, read my notifications,"" and the Echo would tell me that I had no notifications.  Asking a second time would usually result in success.  Then this morning, the Echo decided to shout to the world that we'd added breakfast sandwiches to our shopping list.  Mind you, I NEVER touch the volume controls -- on the device or on the app -- except to reset them when the Echo decides to shout at me.  This morning it shouted so loud that it woke two of my children on ANOTHER FLOOR.  I'm done with this piece of junk.  It's now packed away in my basement, and I've brought my Gen1 back online.----------I was an early and aggressive adopter of Echo products over the years.  I bought my Gen1 Echo during the pre-release phase, have had several Dots, and now have several Shows as bedroom alarm clocks.  So when I bought my Gen4 Echo to replace my original Gen1, I did so with great expectations.  Let me tell you how disappointed I am.The first thing I noticed was that when paired to my iPad (which sits right next to the Echo on my kitchen island), the audio frequently crackles and drops.  This was never an issue with my Gen1, and the behavior has persisted across pairing to my iPhone and two different iPads.  That makes me pretty confident that the issue is in the Echo, and not in the attached devices.The next major issue is with volume control on the Gen4.  I still haven’t figured it out.  I have tried the on-device controls and the Volume and Sound settings in the Alexa app, but there seems to be no logic to what volume the Echo responds to me.  I can ask Alexa for a weather report and all is fine, then a few seconds later ask Alexa to add something to my shopping list, only to hear the Echo shout the response.  The Echo will announce a reminder softly, and then boom my notifications when I ask.  Adjusting and re-adjusting the Volume and Sound settings in the Alexa app solves the problem temporarily, but the issue resumes not long after.More recently, the Echo has started playing music after announcing reminders or playing announcements.  It wasn’t playing music before, and no one asked it to start playing music; it just does it on its own.  (This behavior was kind of funny the first few times, but now I’m getting tired of telling the Echo to stop playing music after it tells me to take out the trash or clean the guinea pig cage…)And then there’s the “spinning blue ring issue” that seems to have cropped up recently.  Frequently over the last few days, I’ve caught the Echo with the light ring illuminated blue, with a slightly brighter blue indicator spinning round and round.  It will do this for minutes at a time, stop, and then just start doing it again later.  During this time, the device is non-responsive.I never saw these issues with the Gen1, nor do my Shows seem to have so many issues.  But I’m thoroughly disappointed with the Gen4.  It truly makes me wish I had my Gen1 back.  My opinion:  Save your money and avoid this one.  Maybe the Gen5 will be better."	1	December 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa works great but the sound honestly sounds like it is being played from a hollow drum. Not crisp and no bass. Mediocre at best.	3	September 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have been a long time user of Amazon Echo devices but I am done.  They no longer stay connected to my network.  I can see the devices disconnecting over and over again from the network in my routers system log.  And the latest problem is they will only play one song at a time from Apple Music but will play songs all day long from Amazon Music.  I am just tied of the problems ... one big headache!!!  Time to get either a real speaker from Apple or Google!Update: Amazon Technical Support contacted me via email and told me to update the devices to the latest version of the firmware.  Yes, on the Echo 4th Gen you can say ""Check for Updates"" and it will tell you all updates have been applied.  So ... why does it only play Amazon Music?The update option does not apply to Echo Show 5.  Not by saying ""Check for Updates"", not by using the screen and navigating to Settings even though it tells you navigate to Settings to apply updates.  Yes, it tells you to navigate to Settings and apply updates.  There is no option under Settings to do this.  And yes I have used the app to try and do the same thing and the option does not exist even though Amazon documentation tells you it does.  How can anyone honestly give this Echo or Echo Show devices anything above 1 star?"	1	November 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is fine.Has told me hundreds of times that the only way to play specific songs is with amazon music, implying that deezer and spotify or anything other than amazon will not work on the device.Amazon should really correct this.Impossible to sign in to a hotel wifi that has its own sign in screen.Only device I have that does not connect to the wifi in my home, though it does connect to mobile hotspot.Seems to listen and record sometimes when I don't use the wake word.Usually horrible with foreign language artist recognition.Often not that intuitive with basic questions.Too bulky and heavy to be considered a good travel speaker.Mixes up accounts in my family, and will ask things like would I like to reorder medicine.Gives notifications of everything my Mom ordered for Christmas, even after I turn off notifications.Customer support is good, though if there is a problem with the device you are required to mail it to them even if you are in another country.Really the ease of use of the technology is quite unimpressive.Children like talking to alexa.The worst is setting up a new wifi, amazon should really improve this.I think my next smart speaker purchase will be a sonos or a google, because what do I have to lose?The only thing making me stay with amazon is that they allow deezer in every country I have been to so far, with google its hit or miss.Overall, I went from really enjoying Amazon smart speakers to almost dreading the experience.	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Initially we loved bringing Alexa into our home. As time has passed, her own voice sounds very tinny and echo-ey. It randomly comes on, as though it is listening in on our conversations. I feel as though 9 times out of 10 that it asks us to repeat questions or requests, which it Did Not do in the first months of use. We keep it clean and have not changed anything in the home that would effect this. Thinking that it's just another electronic device that is made to self destruct so that you have to buy a new one.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I traded in my Echo Premium cylinder for this device in 2020 all of a sudden, it doesn't connect any longer. Tech support refuses to replace it, and the price for my original device is 150, yet this one is 50 dollars, and you cannot trade it in. That does not make any sense whatsoever. I'd rather have my original device back. I feel like they sold me a cheap device and know it is not worth their time after letting me purchase it.Shame on Amazon for this tactic.	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Where to even start... this is the worst Echo device I own.I have several generations of dots that have better sound & can hear me without me having to yell... I bought this to replace my original Echo, which was taller but (to me at least) more aesthetically pleasing all around.But the look of it is besides the point... it rarely recognizes what I have to say which never happened on any other device, & I have to yell at it- because talking to it induces ""whisper mode"" which I can say from other echo devices is usually because you are ACTUALLY whispering to the device.It's a complete failure on sound quality when playing music... and to add insult to injury, they may call the device color ""glacier white"" but it's more a ""dirty snow grey""... now onto a less significant, but equally annoying detail... why did they make this round? It's wider than my old Echo, & the material just collects dust... the whole device is truly a heinous monstrosity I can't wait to be rid of if/when they come out with another version that is no longer this shape or low quality.The only reason this gets 2 stars is because I like the thermostat feature & I got it on sale so I can't complain about its price (other than it's not worth sale price let alone full price)... I honestly don't know why Amazon created this, & I hope they go back to a device that has better sound quality and voice recognition instead of focusing on a design that is ultimately superfluous at the end of the day (not to give permission to make it any uglier, but please prioritize function over form next time!)"	2	August 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Of course it doesn’t always do what it is supposed to do but that is technology sometimes. My main issue is that I have started noticing a static sound when playing my music. It reminds me of when a speaker is blown or real close to it. I never turn the music up loud and I don’t use it often for music either so I’m surprised at the quality. It is not even a year old. That is just a little disappointing.	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	So I bought this to replace a 2nd gen echo plus with the smart home hub because I was trying to find a regular 3rd gen echo (the taller rounded one) to set up a stereo pair with but found them all discontinued. So i bought this version (renewed) and put the other echo downstairs. The sound quality is pretty good but I feel it's not as strong or has the same bass response as the original echo plus. Haven't set another echo up with it yet so I'll hold off on my audio judgements. In terms of voice recognition, this thing can't hear me calling it half the time when I'm in bed only 3 feet away, the other one was better with that. Not only can't it hear me, but half the time it doesn't respond correctly or perform the right action I request. For the price this thing should have the clock built in as a standard feature that you can disable at will. I'm going to buy the matching regular echo, but I gotta say I feel like this unit is a downgrade from my OG echo plus.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"My friend said she couldn't get it to understand her. I tried speaking with a ""proper english"" accent and it worked fine. I guess it doesn't respond well to ebonics....SMH."	3	September 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Could not get Alexa to connect to this Echo.	3	September 25, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The device itself is great, good sound. However Alexa‘s voice recognition software continues to get worse. it’s becoming more and more frustrating to deal with her.	3	September 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had purchased this Echo to replace my 1st generation Echo Plus.  The mics on the Echo plus were a little sluggish so I thought why not upgrade and move my echo plus to another part of the house that is less used.  Well the new Echo showed up a little early and I even went through the payment plan.  I thought that the new generation should have all kinds of woops and whistles than what I originally had.Well the first thing that I enjoyed was the integration of dual languages.  With me learning Spanish this I thought would be a fun feature.  Well it seams that this version has still a lot of issues.  My commands are not recognized very often.  When I try to play something from xm it just errors.  I have to use my echo show to play on the network I choose.  Now it plays fine on the new Echo but it just does not seem to take commands very well.  The spanish commands are hit and miss but right on with the echo show.Overall I am very disappointed with the replacement.  If it wasn't for my smart home features I may even consider sending it back till they can get it right.  The first and second gen plus is still very cheap and I could just replace it with that from ebay or something.(update)  So tech support reached out to me and was concerned as well.  It seems that my Echo Show is less sensitive to commands than the echo plus.  The echo plus being more sensitive, would not know how to respond if there was an extra word in the command.  As for the Language issue well it worked fine the first time the tech was listening but the second time it would not respond saying it had a limited vocab.  They will work on it.  Because they were so nice about it I told them I would update my original review to include their exceptional service.	3	June 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Naturally I like being able to just say, ""Alexa, turn on the lights,"" or ""Alexa, set the heat (temperature) to ## degrees"" in order to accomplish these tasks. On these winter days, I especially like being able to turn up the heat from the comfort of my bed by invoking Alexa. But all this just increases my disappointment when Alexa just doesn't seem to get what I am requesting, even when I am taking great care to be very clear. Even worse is when Alexa appears to go on strike and just not respond to my requests at all. I dread hearing her frequent plaint, ""I'm sorry. I'm not understanding right now. Try again later."" In addition to these complaints, I have to add that Amazon is still far from the top of its game when it comes to the sound quality of its Echo devices--at least this one. If Amazon is going to tout ""premium sound,"" it should certainly do better. When Alexa speaks, she sounds as if her face is buried in a pillow, and music is by no means crisp, clear, or well balanced. What bass response there is does not make up for imbalances over the rest of the frequency range, which Alexa's equalizer function seems unable to adequately adjust. To sum up: Echo 4th Generation is still not ready for prime time."	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded from the original Alexa.  I have trouble getting sound set to good volume and hoped it was better. IT IS NOT!  This design is more difficult to adjust sound manually and does not respond as well to my voice.  I need to speak much louder.  I wish there was a way to adjust sound in smaller increments with my voice.	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Generation 4 Echo has very good musical and general sound improvement as compared with Generation 2 Echo.In our experience, Generation 4 Echo Microphones seem to have more difficulty picking up voice commands in the same exact locations perviously occupied by Generation 2 Echos.  Occasionally it takes 2-3 attempts to get 4th Gen Echos to respond as compared to Gen 2 Echo units.  We purchased three new Gen 4 Echo units and they all exhibit the same characteristic.	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality to me was less good than the earlier version of Echo I had planned on returning for offsetting credit. So I kept both and combined them. With that configuration, I am now obtaining what I think is good sound quality	3	August 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	A very poor “whole house” audio solution. What little usefulness it has is just a hook to make you pay for and become reliant on amazon music unlimited. Unless you swallow that bait it is a poor and inconvenient option. Even if you can find enough “free with Prime” music that you want to listen to, it won’t let you add more than 20 songs to a playlist. Any function that doesn’t further Amazon’s ability to sell you more stuff or subscribe to more stuff, is just ignored and unaddressed.“Whole House Audio”??? That’s a joke. It won’t let you play your own music from your phone on the “everywhere group”. It won’t let you play radio apps on the “everywhere group”. It won’t let you play audio books on the “everywhere group”. It won’t let you play the audio from a Bluetooth-connected TV on the “everywhere group”. Basically it’s a novelty item that is WAY oversold as a whole house audio solution. It is only “whole house audio” for being tied to Amazon’s pay streaming music.If music is playing on one unit, and you ask it to continue playing the music on the “everywhere group”: First, it will tell you that you can’t play music on the “everywhere group” because music is already playing on another unit. But It’s not playing on another unit. It is playing on the unit you are talking to. So it will force you to stop playing the music and then make a new music request to be played on the everywhere group. I have yet to be able to get it to continue playing the same music it was originally playing on the everywhere group. Continuity is awful (non-existent). Amazon is primarily concerned with selling you the unlimited subscription, instead of responding to a reasonably foreseeable request in a manner that enhances your listening continuity as you move around the house.Let’s say you’re getting ready in the morning and you want Alexa to tell you the news. Don’t expect to able to move around from room to room because it will only play that news audio on one unit. Not on the everywhere group, or on another smaller group. If you move to a different room that has  another unit, your only option is to replay the news from the very beginning again and listen to what you have listened to already over again.None of these problems are beyond the technical ability of the Echo units. Some of the problems are intentionally created obstacles just to try to force you into paying for unlimited. Others problems remain unaddressed because they wouldn’t help (or hurt) Amazon to sell you more “stuff”.So you’ve spent a few hundred dollars on echo units for around your house? Good luck with that. Don’t expect true whole house audio and don’t expect them to work together as a group of units. All you did was purchase the “gateway drug” for Amazon’s selling machine.	2	December 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have to repeat commands very often. So is the microphone bad?The circling light in the Echo interferes with sleep. Echo software does not provide a ""switch off"" all lights feature. So I had to be creative. I purchased a bag of 4"" diameter rubber gaskets on Amazon. Stacked several together and put the Echo on top. It blocks the ring light at the bottom of the Echo. Works great.Available on Amazon:4"" CAMLOCK Gasket, CAM and Groove, Black Buna/NBR, (10 gaskets)Brand: Lamons"	3	July 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	One has to bend to see if the ring color is blue at all or any color. It's not very clear. Again, wish these devices are cordless so that I can keep her anywhere such as on top of the shelf etc. Sometimes Alexa respond I don't know about that, actually earlier she might have responded correctly. So this feels weird when she says I don't know about that. I hope Alexa doesn't have memory loss 🙂	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Update:  I rated this 4 stars, but I'm changing it to 3 for now.  I have become increasingly frustrated with it's inability to hear me.  Sometimes I have to yell so loud that the bedroom Echo responds instead of the one in the family room.  I'm seriously considering returning this one and using my old gen 1 Echo.  Either Amazon needs to improve the sensitivity or give us the ability to adjust it ourselves.I bought this to replace a gen 1 tower.  I have several echo devices around the house and liked the old cylinder.  I won’t comment on the aesthetics since that is a personal preference, but will say the new design requires a larger footprint on the table.  The base is small, but the diameter of the sphere means you can’t put anything close to the bottom of the base.  Functionally, the sound quality is much better than the gen 1 device.  I appreciate that the new design probably was necessary for that.  The new echo is much more directional.  This is good if you have it against a wall, but not if it is in the middle of the room.  The light ring at the base makes it difficult to see on a low table or if there is something on the table next to it (like a book).  I have a lot of trouble seeing if Alexa heard me.  Speaking of that...it seems Alexa is aging and has a lot more trouble hearing me than the old one did.  I find I have to talk loudly to be heard and with the light ring at the bottom, I have to be in the right position to see if she’s responding.  The built in hub was a bonus.  I have a hub from years ago, so have not made use of it yet, but will eventually try to retire the hub I have.  I like the new device, but will not be replacing any of my gen 3 dots with the new dots.  I wish they still sold the gen 3s with the clock.  I’ll wait for the next revision and see how I feel about those.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	i love my echos i have 6 echos. all generation but this one you have to repeat constantyly wish i could return it and get another 3rd gen plus but cant find them	3	August 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Okay, so I have had an Echo 1st Gen with hub for about three years now.  I also have purchased several Echo Dots in that time.  I like how each sounds but I have to admit the Echo 1st Gen with hub sounds great, much better than the Dots.  I didn't and don't have a problem with it, it still sounds great and responds great.  It sounds so great I had been planning on getting a second one to go in another room for some time.  So since I kept seeing the new 4th Gen Echo advertised for around $70 I couldn't pass it up.  I read the reviews about having to repeat ""Alexa"" being an issue but I didn't realize how bad it would be until I ran into the problem myself.  I have it in my bedroom on my nightstand and you would think that no matter what position you are in it would hear you when you are lying on the bed with the speaker about a foot away.  But that's not the case, if you are facing away from the speaker you almost have to yell ""Alexa"", so that your sound bounces off one of the walls, to get a response.  And this is the case no matter where you are in the room.  You have to face the speaker to get a constant response.  I don't have that problem with the 1st Gen speaker.  If it only had only happened a couple of times I wouldn't care, but it's constant.But not all is bad about the speaker.  I know that some of the reviews mentioned about it's tone being a little too low.  I actually like the sound it puts out.  This is far better than my 1st Gen and the Dots.  After all the ranting about having to repeat my demands, the sound, at least for me, does make up for it and I do plan on buying another one to get a more stereo effect.I still don't think that it warrants four or five stars because it is a smart speaker, and if previous generations function better at performing that function, there is definitely room for improvement for this gen."	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I loved (past tense) having echos at home so this unit as an echo gets 4 stars but as a smart home hub it fails miserable and gets 1 star.I bought this unit to control smart devices at my office. At home I use smart things with echo dots all over and it works great when our echos aren’t deaf or, now suddenly, trying to advertise crap after being given a conmand (if you’re reading this Amazon I’m about to rip every Amazon device out because of that bs).At my office though I just needed a small amount of devices to control and make a few automations with and I thought this would kill 2 birds with one stone. Man was I wrong.My first complaint is everything after two days shows up as unresponsive. It still works with voice commands or in the app but you constantly have the darn thing chiming back at you to say “table warmer is unavailable please check the Alexa app or this device is offline please check the Alexa app for further information” and you can’t make it stop. Considering I’m using it in my massage studio this is beyond annoying when it blurts that out while Al client is already on the table.Routines suck too. You cannot use more than one sensor in a routine.  I wanted it to do certain things like it the door sensor opens and you detect motion turn on this this and this. No.  You can only use one either the door or the motion but not both. This hub has been out for 5 years how is it still this basic?Want to see the history of your sensors? Tough s***. You cannot see a log (at least I cannot find where and I’ve looked) of the sensor.  Did someone come into my office when I wasn’t there? Who the heck knows because I can’t see the log.  The guard thing is annoying. I just wanted what I thought was basic smart home stuff. What I got was the kindergarten version of a smart home hub.Amazon you are FAILING miserably between the Alexa advertisements and interruptions and the smart home hub. Like I mentioned earlier I’m about to rip every Amazon assistant from my home and find something better if they don’t fix it. If I ask for the weather that’s all I want. I don’t want you rambling on about a new skill I can buy or something else you can do. Just do what is ask and stop. But no it’s all about money.I used to love these things now I just find myself yelling at them because they go deaf and can’t turn on a simple light or telling it to shut up because it goes off the rails.  I have one dot in the living room that can hear EVERYTHING, I have the same versions in each room and that one dot almost never misses a beat when I ask it to do something even in other rooms. The others I can be standing two feet from and it can’t hear a truck plowing through the house to save it. In total I have 6 new dots at home and this 1 plus at work.  Thinking of just getting the home pods and being done with Amazon altogether.	1	March 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	voice recognition spotty at times,, still with issues with finding the right song or version of a song even when you say the name of the song and the artist	3	August 25, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded to an echo 4 gen from an echo 2 gen and finding the 4 doesn't seem to hear me as well as the 2. Sometimes I have to repeat myself. Sometimes I'll give a command to turn on the bedroom light and it turns on the dining room light instead which is puzzling as they don't sound similar. The bass is good but music doesn't sound much better than the 2.  It's not overwhelming. I may end up resetting the 2 back up.	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	* AUDIO:  the audio coming out of this Echo is very heavy on the bass and sounds are muddled.  Not crisp, clean, clear.* BUILT-IN ZIGBEE HUB:  after unplugging the Echo (or after a power outage) Zigbee devices get disconnected and do not automatically reconnect.  It is a huge pain to have to reset and reconnect each device and redo any routines that used those devices.  I also worry about the safety and security of a smart home when devices like heaters, humidifiers, alarms, etc no longer talk to the hub or follow automated commands after after a power outage.  Hopefully this is something that Amazon can fix with a Echo software update.* TEMP SENSOR: I like that there is a temperature sensor, but unlike a standalone Zigbee temperature sensor, the temperature reading from the Echo doesn't show up when I add the Echo to the Favorites section of the Devices page in the Alexa app.  It should.  Seems fixable with an Alexa app update.* FORM FACTOR:  The spherical shape may work for smaller Echo Dots, but in the larger Echo it is not appealing.  In my room it sticks out like a sore thumb.  Reminds me of those big red bollards in front of Target stores.	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I replaced my older Amazon devices (Echo 1st gen, FireTV 1st gen and a HD Tablet) with the newer versions of the same taking advantage of the trade-in. This Echo has one major issue; it disconnects (or fall asleep) every single day and is essentially never ready to play music when I need it. It sits 12ft from my router which provides wifi 6 in the entire house. ""Unavailable for listening on"" shows up on Spotify, always. I have to ""wake up"" the device with Alexa app and THEN go back to Spotify to play music on it. I'm guessing AMZ has changed the protocol and forgot to tell Spotify so backward compatibility is broken. Never had any problem with Echo Dot or the Original Echo."	2	November 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Firstly, I'm fully ""in"" when it comes to Amazon products. My smart home uses Alexa as a hub, fireTV products throughout, tablets, switches, plugs etc etc and not to mention various versions of Amazon Echo.With that being said I know not to expect the best of the best with anything Amazon puts out. They aren't making the top of the line product and that's perfectly fine for me.This Echo however missed the mark for me on two very important aspects sound & voice recognition. Music through this Echo is simply muffled and without substance. Yes, I've played with placement and EQ settings. It just isn't what it should be. The volume output is strong and the bass as well. There however is pitiful mid/treble range on this thing. I'd even go as far as saying my 2nd gen echo dot puts out a fuller sound than this Echo does.Additionally, the voice recognition on this system just isn't as good. I'm not sure why that is but again my earlier generation echo dots I have are more alert to my voice commands.Overall I'm disappointed. I'm no audiophile but I definitely notice the lack of quality in this speaker."	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Good addition to our home for playing music. Much better sound quality than standard echo models...but not equal to other equally priced speakers. We bought at 1/2 off and at that price is a very good quality speaker. At this price, however,  should include integrated battery rather than add-on at additional cost.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought for an improvement in sound over my echo dot, but the sound is not that much better.  Voice recognition is better, but the improvement does not justify the additional cost.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you like echo's this is nice EXCEPT the CHARCOAL model comes with an ULTRA WHITE power supply and cable.  The cable sticks out like a sore thumb, I just cannot walk by this with out seeing that ULTRA WHITE cable and being annoyed.  I might as well just tossed white extrension cables all over the house.It is so annoying that this will probably end up in the basement or the garage where I won't be judged when guests to my home see it.	3	July 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not play spotify as stated.	3	September 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure if it is my ears, but my Echo plus gen 1 to me,has better sound quality. Gen 4 is a bit flat, bland and sounds almost mono.However I know my eyes don't lie.This thing is more ugly in person!  Its like a throw back from the 70s.Noticed that response time is a tad slower.Did I get a defective ugly blue  orb ?Amazon,  Please bring back the cylinder design and sound quality.	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I've had it for over a year and it seems I have to repeat myself more and more .	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa kept disconnecting from the internet. Then she stopped working overall. It hasn’t even been a year. She’s not recognizing my sound anymore.	3	August 24, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have one of these in my bedroom and it works out pretty well. The new one just doesn't perform as well. I request a song and she kinda plays whatever she wants. Sounds quality is not as good as the older one.	3	August 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Overall works well with certain Alexa commands. However quite often does not respond correctly to a question or command. This one is pretty stubborn, sometimes even ignores us.	3	August 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Love the new features, and loved the new sound quality. However, I had to repeat myself or yell to get echo to hear me or recognize the commands. Much more so than the Gen 2 I was using previously.Since this is a work environment, and we use echo for timing - had to reinstall the Gen 2 for now.	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	My Alexa could not do the things it was supposed to do. Upon investigation with an Amazon representative it was discovered that my Alexa had been registered to somebody else therefore it could not link up to my different devices properly. It is my belief that this Alexa was someone else’s Amazon return that got sent to me	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I find myself having to repeat myself approximately 50% of the time when asking a question and the speaker quality needs more base	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The device arrived only three days ago, so I don’t have much experience or basis on which to evaluate it. It sounds good. Alexa plays stuff via other apps, so that part seems good. I’m still playing with it. (And I dislike how Amazon wants a review as soon as it’s just out of the box.)	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	During Prime Day 2021 I finally decided to upgrade all my echo devices. I was still rocking the gen 1 pringles can Alexa and hockey puck echo dots.Back in the day I heard about how the echo plus and then the 3rd gen still didn’t sound nearly as level or bassy as the first generation echo so I had been abstaining from upgrading for a while. But then the quality of the sound from the 4th gen had been one of the main features I had been hearing about so I finally decided it was time. And honestly on that front as well as the built in zigbee hub it delivers in spades. The 4th gen Echo is more than capable of shaking the entire bookshelf she’s on with just the default audio settings.However, there is one extremely frustrating aspect to the 4th gen echo, coming from a 1st gen: microphone quality and her ability to recognize when she is being spoken to.My 1st gen echo was almost too sensitive. She would wake up for anything that even vaguely sounded like “Alexa” at any volume with close to any amount of room noise. I have an oscillating fan in my living room and she could hear me over that and the TV. The new 4th gen will basically refuse to hear me unless I turn the fan off and mute the TV. And when she does recognize that I’m yelling ALEXA at her from 10 feet away, half the time she won’t pick up on the command I speak next. I bought a new echo dot the same day as the full size echo and she has no such problems. I honestly wish I had bought two dots except for the fact that the audio quality on the echo is outstanding.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t respond to hey Alexa, have to stand up close and speak Loudly.Only responding less than 45%..Disappointed, dissatisfied.Advertised as much better product.IT IS NOT !!!	3	August 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I got this using Amazon Trade-In program because the gen 1 I had was a bit funky when trying to get it to listen to commands.  So I figured that the gen 4 would be a bit better by now.  Nope, same issues.  Oh well.  At least it is a upgraded product for free.	3	July 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Like overall. Keeps loosing the internet where the micro doesn't and it is further from source	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I actually prefer the more balanced sound from my echo plus (2nd gen) without needing to mess with the equalizer. I also prefer the 360° sound from the echo plus. after going back-and-forth I’ve personally experienced the microphones on the echo plus pick up my voice better. in my opinion this new version just sounds a little bit louder with more bass even though they both have the exact same drivers with the exception of the new one having an extra tweeter which doesn’t really make a difference in the sound. I actually had to turn down the bass just a little because it sounded a little... messy. i’m not really sure why they completely changed the design and got rid of the 360° sound and made it a directional sound speaker instead. i’m a little confused. One more thing I noticed about the new speaker is when the volume goes up the bass goes down which is very common for all these speakers and most Bluetooth speakers but it seems especially evident in this newest version of the echo. they could’ve at least made the bluetooth option volume sync with your phone with this new version. and of course it wasn’t compatible to pair with my echo plus for stereo. ok i’m done.	2	October 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Buttons are kinda pointless. No need for one to mute and one to unmute. Also alexa can control volume through voice control… a button to stop the music instantly may have been helpful. I love the communication feature I can send messages to home to verbally announce or display on my firetv.	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this because of the temperature sensor.The first one I received was constantly reading wrong by a few degrees, but was inconsistent - sometimes it was correct, sometimes it was high by as many as 6 degrees Fahrenheit, sometimes it was low by a degree or two.  I know this both by the feel of the room temperature and because I placed a digital thermometer six inches from the device.  Because of this inconsistency, I couldn't even just manually include an offset for my purposes (a window AC unit plugged into an IoT plug with automations to turn it on/off based on the temperature reading off the sensor).Thinking the first one was just a defective unit, I was sent a replacement... which has the exact same issue.  Clearly the sensor in this generation is just flawed and therefore should not be purchased if you plan to use the temperature readings for anything other than a very rough estimate.Everything else about the device works as-expected and it is a very cool looking unit.If I hadn't bought this specifically for the temperature sensor, I'd probably have given it four stars.  Will update this review if the readings are fixed via software update (although I image they are due to hardware issues).	2	July 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Pensé que soñaba un poco más fuerte	3	September 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Use it primarily for music. Does not always retain my songs and plays music without input from me on what songs I like.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Works great and really loud	3	September 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have more problems with the mic on this generation than older ones	3	August 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the New look and so far it works as expected. Very Happy with the Sound Quality,  so I ordered a few of the other models to compliment the sound in my living room.	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	No suena tan alto como promocionan, el volumen no es muy alto  y tiene muy pocos  bajos .  Grabé error.	3	August 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased to replace the gen 1 white Echo cylinder that had its WiFi circuit fail after 4 years of daily use.Arrived and setup was easy and it did all the cylinder did , slightly  better sound as well (though fabric cover is not suited for kitchens - so amazon being back a cylinder variant as well , Of hard plastic so it can be cleaned on the outsides with a glass cleaner ).But today - day 5 of use out of the blue the music playing suddenly emitter a loud crackle sound of 1-2 seconds length. Went to investigate the noise. Again the loud crackle and then the music returned. Waited a bit and again. It was happening regularly , about 3 to 4 times a minute.  Unplugged and replugged to see if a reboot would help.  Sitting idle nothing. Asked Alexa to play music and it began playing - and again every 15-20 seconds the loud crackle if 1-2 second length.  Definite hardware failure.By the nature of it I suspect the circuits that feed the digital audio from that source in the cpu over to the digital to analog converter before it goes to the amp , is getting  the data corrupted and so what gets decode isn’t the music signal not now a random jumble of loud digital noise. Packet corruption if you will.So fails on less than a week - a computer or build flaw. Back it goes. Given others habe reported this of may be a bigger batch or systemic failure of some bad components or issue with the board design that fails after some days of use.So if you are buying one in 2022 be sure to plug it in and make use of it playing music daily for at least a few weeks so you can get a refund / exchange more easily.  Don’t leave it in the box for weeks or give it as a gift some days / weeks down the road.	1	August 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is a super handy device, but it has some reliability issues that make it iffy for the kind of lifestyle integration it seems like it'd help with. Voice recognition is a 50/50 toss-up, and while it's better at accurately recognizing words and phrases than other AI assistants, it still misses enough that important information doesn't get added to your to-do list or shopping list.I use it the most for timers, calendar reminders, task reminders, and adding things to my to-do list and shopping list hands off. Timers and task reminders work great; calendar reminders are awesome, but for some reason everything gets repeated twice even after having it set in the app to only repeat reminders once. The to-do list and shopping list feature works, but the integrations between different apps are really poor (my to-do list lets me have a dumping ground list for tasks added through the Alexa, but I have to manually sort and tag them later), and the Alexa app's features aren't strong enough that I'd be comfortable switching my lists to its platform for the ease of integration.We have two smart lights from Geeni that we use with it, and every second or third time we try to operate them through voice commands, the command fails in some way - the Echo doesn't respond even after listening to your request, or it says ""okay"" but doesn't actually operate the light until a few minutes or few tries later.We tried connecting it to our Firestick, but it was so non-functional we had a better experience just keeping them separate. HBO would routinely crash, or the sound would cut off of HBO streams, when the Echo was the speaker for the firestick; and the process of re-connecting the Echo after this happens, and clearing the Firestick app cache and relaunching things, etc. made the process miserable and unworkable.The app is very slow and hard to navigate - the paths to different features are hard to find, and you have to retrace your steps a lot to complete multiple complex actions.The audio quality is excellent, and I love using it for sleep ambience and music. However, it's very annoying to have to hear ads interfering with the experience of virtually any Alexa app you'll use, whether that's a small soundscape service or a major music platform. The best experience I have is connecting it to my phone via Bluetooth so I can play whatever I want without interruption, which is a pain, but at least then I haven't just paid for an Amazon product that still makes me listen to ads.Also, the fact that staff will have to listen to voice recordings to improve the quality of the products or that your speech is stored in the cloud at all is a huge privacy issue."	2	July 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Do not buy this if you are using it with Apple Music. I'm confident it's a piece of garbage for Spotify users too. Echo is advertised to work with Apple Music. But you can only use Apple Music in specific ways.You cannot access your library! The only way to access songs in your library is by creating your own playlist. And that still does not give you access to a play a song in that playlist. You have to skip through the playlist to find the desired song. It doesn't let you play Recently Played or Recently Added either.You cannot tell Echo to play a song or an album you want to listen to! You cannot select songs or albums on your phone either. The app is bad in other ways. I wish I could just connect to bluetooth and use the Apple Music or Spotify app on my phone (like any other bluetooth speaker).DELAY is very long when using the app! Earlier today I pressed the skip button on my phone to change songs. I was able to have a short conversation with someone before the command was processed (or the song actually changed). No exaggeration. Usually the delay is shorter, but still about 5 seconds. That's still unacceptable and frustrating. You cannot skip songs without wasting lots of time.You can only tell Alexa to start the playlist, shuffle, and skip songs (waiting several seconds or sometimes minutes between songs).Volume buttons on my iPhone do not work while using Echo. I have to scroll the volume tab on the app, or use my voice to tell Alexa to quiet down. And, like switching songs, there is a LONG DELAY when you adjust volume! I found myself accidentally playing music way too loud and having to just deal with the pain and discomfort for several seconds. You cannot quickly adjust the volume!I have not been this disappointed and frustrated with a product. I am convinced this is Amazon's way of making people switch from Apple Music or Spotify to their music service. It probably works well with their streaming service. That must be why Echo is priced reasonably.Sound quality is ok for the price. It's louder than I expected. However, bass heavy music like Rap sounds distorted and generally poor. It is advertised as having ""deep bass."" Bass is really disappointing with this, even considering it's a small and affordable speaker. My smaller, lighter, wireless JBL speaker has more bass. The Echo gets much louder (with no bass).Alexa is sometimes bad at understanding commands. I said earlier, ""Alexa, play Recently Played playlist on Apple Music."" (I know this command cannot be done with the Echo.) However, instead of telling me this cannot be done, Alexa played some Apple Curated playlist that had nothing to do with my command. Music played that I don't like and I could not pause it for 5-10 seconds.All that being said, you'll be disappointed with this product. Disappointed is not a strong enough word through. This thing is intentionally designed by Amazon to frustrate people that use Apple Music and Spotify. I understand that Amazon is motivated by profit. However, profit should not come at the expense of making customers angry. This Echo was clearly built to make people so frustrated, so they switch to Amazon's music service. The majority of people use Apple Music and Spotify. They intentionally prohibit the most BASIC features so that you pay them instead of Apple or Spotify! I feel disrespected by Amazon."	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this for 2 primary reasons:1st - audio, which is quite good for the size especially the bass, and FYI this is much larger than the previous round one.2nd - the built in temperature sensor, which turns out to be practically useless. I had pretty much no luck, even with support help, getting any Alexa Routines to utilize the built in temperature sensor, even though is recognized the sensor while creating the Routine. It also seems to go in to calibration mode often, and if you ask it the inside temperature it often tells you it’s calibrating ask later.I purchased an inexpensive stand alone temperature and humidity sensor and it works flawlessly with the Smart Life app to control a smart plug according to specific temperature conditions. I had no luck getting the Smart Life app to recognize the Echo temperature sensor at all, which may or may not be normal.As others state the voice recognition could be better, especially when playing music.	3	March 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Updated 3x: this device works for a while then will randomly stop listening to you and you need to manually restart them to get it to listen to you. This makes it feel more like a diy tinkering toy and less like a premium product.My device still plays music from routines so I know it is connected to the internet so this is just an Amazon issue. Very disappointing. I wish I had stuck with google or tried apple’s offering instead.Another issue I’ve found, this device consistently asks me if I want to hear about products. I want my smart home device to control my smart home, not shove marketing down my throat.Updated 2x: the device has not given me any more issues. The mic is so sensitive it hears commands coming from downstairs or even when I whisper the A word. The sound quality is muddy but becomes “normal” when you turn down the bass setting as low as possible. This makes the device sound very good. This is a great upgrade over a dot to the point where I actually enjoy listening to music on it.If you want an alexa device and don’t want to spend $200 for the studio this is the one to get.I only wish they added that light up clock on this one, then It would be perfect for me.Updated: last time I unplugged and plugged back in this device seemed to do the trick fixing the microphone sensitivity for the last week.We will see how long it lasts before I need to do this againI needed to upgrade because the echo 1 I was using had an issue where the speaker would short out so you had to unplug it and plug it back in to get the sound to work.In terms of sound and voice recognition this device is not a huge upgrade compared to the first gen echo.This device is just as good as the original with some added features like a thermometer and sonic detection and a 3.5mm out/in so you can use it as a speaker or use other speakers with it.Why this device gets 1 star is for some reason when the device has been plugged in for awhile it will stop hearing the wake word. I am unsure if it is a power saving setting or a wifi setting but the device just does not listen. The only way to fix it is to unplug and plug the device back in.This was the main reason I needed a new device in the first place so you can see how satisfied I am with the new echo.Will update the review if they fix it, until then I’ll keep using my google home mini instead	1	April 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Es bueno pero por 90 dolares creo q podrian mejorar el sonido, microfonos y el zigbee para que tenga mejor alcance	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Super annoying to have to screen at it to hear me when my previous echo had no problem.	3	August 12, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a refurb. Not much different than the one we had. Much better bass for music. I don’t notice the voice recognition being any better.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"If you just need someone to talk to, the Echo is perfect for you. If you want a device that will actually do what it is supposed to without randomly just forgetting how to do things it was doing literally minutes before, don't waste your money on an Echo.I purchased the Echo to act as a room thermometer since I live in a state that does not feel that central heat and air is worth providing to peasants in apartments. Worked great out of the box, so I got a bunch of the light bulbs to go with it expecting that I was about to start setting up my smart home for the future. Within a few days most of the light blubs no longer responded to voice commands, or did respond but Alexa would tell me that it is not responding. Annoying, but as it was not the thing I bought this for, it was simply an annoyance.Then the thermometer stopped working. Rather than tell me there is an issue, or provide any semblance of help, Alexa just says this feature is not supported. Well, that of course is simply not correct, but Alexa will not help you with things, she simply is a robot voice with no ability to problem solve or even perform the most basic error checking that even Windows is finally good at. So there is no arguing with her, when she says it is not supported, boom, it simply does not work anymore.So I went through the hassle of trying to figure out how to get it working again. Finally found that by removing all of the groups and lights I had added and then reset the device, the one thing I bought it for will actually work again. Great! I cant use any of the other features it has or it will kill the thermometer, but hey $50 for a thermometer is a steal. Wait... indoor thermometers are way cheaper than that. Well shoot.I then got home this evening to find that even though I have none of the other features activated, the thermometer is again ""not supported"". I work in tech support so I understand that things will not always work right out of the box, and that is reasonable. For them to randomly break with no input from the user is just a sign of a poorly made and designed product. Honestly, Bezos has all of the money now so trying to provide feedback to Amazon at this point is useless. If you have never gotten to experience their customer service, try it sometime. It is eye opening. So rather than write them a long message they will never read, it is easier to just let all of yall know what to expect.It might work, it might not, but if it doesn't you are up the proverbial creek without a paddle. Quite honestly mine is a paperweight right now. At least it cant mess that up. Not happy, 0/10 would not recommend."	1	February 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is disappointing. Hard to understand words and background music louder than vocal.	3	August 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Like sounds and convenient	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought three of these around the release and have regretted the purchase. We have a total of 12 Echos, Echo Shows, & Echo Dots placed throughout our home and these are the worst when it comes to communication. 2 of them replaced Echo 3rd Gens, and another was an add on to an existing TV (with 4k firestick) for better sound and since adding them to our system, we have had nothing but problems with the wrong device answering us. None of the locations changed, these were just swapped in. We noticed that these ALL LAG, and must not have the same speaker configuration as the Echo 3rd Gens because Echos two rooms away will now answer before these devices will.They do sound GREAT when they work properly, but because we already had a functioning system throughout our house, and knew the capabilities, these were/are a HUGE let down.I have tried updating them to see if that helps, but it has not.As a stand alone device these might be great, but to a family that has been using Alexas since the beginning and keeps adding for functionality around the home, we find them more of a nuisance than a help. We end up yelling at poor Alexa more than it's worth.I will note also, one is being used and is hard wired into my work from home computer, and that one lags even more... I notice when I unplug the AUX cable it seems to pick up speed, but when it is plugged in via the AUX cable to my PC it lags and is very slow to respond which in turn has the wrong device answering most times.It has all become more frustrating than helpful. Hoping that an update can help solve this matter in the future.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is the worst purchase I ever made. Was having difficulty with my gen 1 and gen 2 Echo with hub. The gen 1 had no hub but worked the gen 2 had difficulty with recognizing speech and the sound was a bit tinny so I wanted an upgrade and got the gen 4 echo with 2 dot combo. The speech recognition is almost non existent the sound quality is muffled like if you covered it with a towel. We have to scream at the echo to get it to respond and 9 times out of 10 the old gen 2 will respond from 3 rooms away while the new gen 4, 1 foot away does nothing. We set it up between our recliners in the living room on a stand that is clear of obstacles and put the echo at head height when we are seated. I don't know how we could possibly make the conditions any better for the device to hear us. We were also sold a used unit without our knowledge or consent. It was still registered and paired with the previous owner from Rochester NY, and still had a unique name assigned to it from said owner. It's bad enough I'm buying Chinese junk that spies on me but I would never buy USED Chinese junk with the previous owners returned problems still attached to it.	2	June 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is good. Speaker groups, one of the main reasons I got it, are completely unreliable, no matter how I configure them.	3	August 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn't work as well or at all compared to all the previous models.	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	They made it seem like it was good but really all I here is treble and no bass whatsoever. It's not that loud as u think either I wouldn't buy one if I were you.	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It would have been nice to know this unit is not compatible with any Amazon remote controls before I purchased it.	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa has been a real pain in the butt. I primarily use it for playing music, and many times it won't recognize what I request even when I say it over and over again. It always defaults to Amazon music or a radio station I never heard of.  Yesterday I asked it to play music from Bridgerton and it couldn't find it. ?????? I had to direct it to Spotify and that took 5 different tries.  When it finally did, I couldn't get it to change to another music type.  I told it to play classical music and it started the Bridgerton series. I find this device highly annoying and not that good.	3	May 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The device voice recognition is very good and it helps with automations around the house.As an external speaker, the story is different.Connecting via Bluetooth: Sound quality is OK for a device this size; this was expected. The annoying ""feature"" is that it screams announcing ""PLAYING FROM JOHN's DESKTOP"", and this happens in the middle of meetings. So I decided to use it with a 3.5mm audio cable.3.5mm audio cable: The Echo has a terrible hissing noise. It is not a ground loop, it is not the cable, it is not the audio source. I just took another speaker that I have and there is zero hissing connecting it to the same power outlet, same audio source, and same 3.5 audio cable.So if you want to use the Echo as an external speaker for your laptop or cellphone, look for another device; this is not the one."	3	March 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The Pros: It's more compact, and has a nice aesthetic look.  The sound seems a bit better than the 1st Gen, although I don't use it often for music.  It integrates flawlessly into the Alexa environment.The Cons: This is a biggie: after giving it a command, it will NOT respond to a second command right away.  It appears to need a few seconds to ""recycle."" I don't know if this is endemic to ALL Gen 4 Echos, or if it is just an issue w/ mine.  This is NOT the case with the 1st Gen Echo I had, or even the 4th Gen Dots, I have.  Had I known this beforehand, it would have been a deal killer, and I'd have simply ordered another Dot, instead."	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The device was great until about a week ago. Now whenever you ask for a song or playlist, it automatically adds “other similar songs” and there is no way to disable this. You may get the song you want and you may not. It’s a crap shoot at best. It’s really made the Echo a frustrating device. I wish Amazon would just put it back the way it was.	2	November 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nice device with pretty light band at base. Fits easily everywhere. Purchased this in order to hear music when I’m home doing things around the house, like cooking. I asked Alexa which device had the best sound quality for music and she said this one! However, a friend gave a different device to my aunt that sounds much better and I will probably buy that next. Don’t know what it is. It’s round and cylindrical, and tall. Great, balanced sound with every song I’ve ever requested from Alexa. Going to pick it out now!! It’s sounds great in the open area of our cottage in VT. Love that one! This one is good, step above the Echo Show I have for music sound. But it’s still not nearly as clear or balanced as the one I can’t name!! Sorry!	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	We ordered the charcoal color which is very nice EXCEPT they shipped it with a white power cord.  I almost returned because the cord sticks out like a sore thumb.  No attention to detail in product development.	3	July 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I really am confused by the performance of my Echo 4th gen.My dot is working fine. I had high hopes and was excited for this one with the hub in it. I read all the reviews online and even watched people play it and compare speakers.I don't know if i got a ""lemon"" in the batches but mine has been malfunctioning repeatedly and sadly I think I have to return it :-( I'm really disappointed b/c I want an alexa device with an integrated hub and I got it at good value on a promotion.  I don't want to return it but I need it to work and now she is not responding, and when she does respond there is terrible feedback noise.Pluses:+ acts as hub+ color good+ design goodCons:- it often doesn't understand my voice from nearby and I have to ""shout"" or ""sternly"" give commands- the volume up or down doesn't always take affect and you have to repeat the command- the sound now started to get crackly and play static feedback with it - has started to ""ignore me"" and it will ligt up blue, i will say ""play jazz music"" and it doesn't do anything- i have a dot in a room nearby (but not close), and the dot will often pick up my voice in the enxt room, even though i am on the sofa sitting directly next to the hub one and the hub will not respond----update on review:amazon customer service did try to help. they are sending me a replacement one to see if it is a hardware issue on this specific device that i got. crossing fingers the new one is better.i did speak with the rep about the difference in amazon plus. vs. studio vs. 4th geninteresting to me that the echo plus 2 are still more expensive than the new 4th gen even though they are ""older"" technology.i suspect the plus 2 have the kinks worked out, wish the price would drop.and maybe some of these issues with my new 4th gen device are teething issues with it being a ""new and improved"" design and inner-parts.also an odd note on the customer service - the team that followe dup on a 2star review, they rang me and i asked to call back later. he mentioned he would email me - got the email, the instructinos said ""you can reply directly to this email"" so I took the time to reply to the email but then got the automatic response that said ""you are writing to an email that no longer accepts incoming messages"" s - so he won't see my response and the alternate contact path is to log a new ticket, which i've already done so i wont resend."	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was expecting a much richer sound but it does get loud	3	August 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure why this Echo product is hard of hearing but it is. I have an older dot thirty feet away in the bathroom that responds more than this one in a very central location of my living room + kitchen.Also, the issue with Amazon devices playing Amazon music for three songs then stopping has not been addressed for years, I even pay more for the unlimited music sub.Other than constantly yelling to get this to hear me and playing three songs….Shrugs.I expected more for what I paid for this.	3	June 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the idea of speaking instead of having to go to App to change what music I want to listen to!	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"20220508. This is an Alexa device, but it seems to have trouble recognizing when you are talking to it. I've found I have to pause after saying Alexa before I add the instruction. Even then, it often takes 4 or 5 tries to get the blue ring to light up. This behavior is consistent with both of these Echos, and with the larger version (I bought the three pack).I don't know what Amazon is doing under the covers, but I will say I've noticed a general degrading in voice recognition on other Echos, especially on the Echo Show. My guess is they have been dorking with the OS and have added too many ""features"" so that the CPU is overwhelmed and not as responsive as it once was.For example, I am now queried on a regular basis to give a rating to products I bought, and reminded that consumables I've purchased in the past might be running out. I don't need that stuff, and I would far prefer to have an Echo that is responsive and less of an ad machine for Amazon.20220511. UPDATE. Amazon called me with some suggestions for improving the response. I've made the adjustments. I will update when I've had time to see if it makes a difference. I am adding one star for Amazon following up."	2	May 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Standard alexa, seems OK for most part. Big issue though, I ordered a BLACK Alexa and received one, but the cord and plug are white. So, if you are planning on trying to make this blend into an environment, it really will not.	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's OK for speech; and it'll god a basic job of playing music -- but the sound-quality is mediocre.	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	it's a good product sometimes it acts up in ways but overall i love the product and i think is great for a bedroom which is where mine is for music to get ready to and stuff becuase they speak we of it is actually not bad	3	July 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	When I saw this design I knew immediately I had to have it. It's spherical look matched the look of the spherical lamps in my living room (Ikea Fodo lamps), purchasing with the intent of moving my Echo Plus to a different room in exchange for this new model being the living room's device.Right away I noticed the sound pickup is weaker than my Echo Plus. Having used the Plus for nearly three years in the same location, I was accustomed to a specific level of voice pickup, especially when first entering my home and prompting Alexa to turn on the lights. This new model needs me to speak much louder to throw my voice enough in order for it to pickup and respond accordingly. That's strike one.Next, while I love the design and the light ring makes sense at the base for this design, I decided very early on that the placement of the light ring at the base is counterintuitive as it's difficult to impossible to see if your prompt was recognized if your vantage point is obstructed; this was not the case with the Echo Plus with it's tall cylindrical design. That's strike two.Finally, the sound quality. Thinking it would sound better than the Echo Plus was logical given the Plus model is several years old and this new model boasts more size to house a decent speaker system. Modern audio devices have really stepped up their game with rich sound and deep bass, so I assumed this would perform exceptionally. Unfortunately, I found the audio quality to fall below that of the Echo Plus. I linked all my echo devices so that music will play across all the devices to fill my home. Walking from my living room (where this new Echo lives) into my art studio (where the Echo Plus was moved to) there is an undeniable difference in sound quality, with the Echo Plus clearly being the superior in sound. This new model suffers by not adopting the 360 sound of the Plus and also sounds to have weaker bass in comparison, even after matching the audio settings to the Plus. That's strike three, which is three strikes too many.My final analysis is that this new Echo isn't much more than a larger Echo Dot with the added benefit of the hub that allows integration with Hue bulbs.I will be placing my Echo Plus back into the living room and redesignating this new model as an Auxiliary device in another part of my home. I may purchase a better quality external sound system for it, but in any case, Amazon needs to revisit the Echo with more focus on sound than the physical design because I feel some sacrifices were made to make a product look pretty.	2	December 10, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This little sphere is pretty dumb.  If I say lunch, she hears launch, setting reminders is interesting, what we say and what she announces is like auto correct gone bad.  All in all, we’re going to put the old one back in the main living area and relegate the sphere to a bedroom or basement.  She’s essentially worthless.	3	June 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I've compared my new Eco's sound quality with my older Eco Dot, but could not find a difference. I don't think  that it justify's x3 price...	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Love it. If and when it works!!🤷🏼‍♂️😬🥹🥹🥹	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I feel like I'm a fanboy of Alexa. I have Echo dot 4th gen, Echo 4th gen and Echo Plus and I love the capabilities of this smart device and the sound quality.Yesterday though, I tried pairing all of the devices so they will play together, and after trying so many different things, I got 2 devices to work, but the Echo dot just can't connect to the other 2. Not as ""Alexa play everywhere"", and not by adding it to the group in the app.Alexa also acts strangely when she doesn't understand something and just bleeps something and shuts off. If I ask a long question, she'll cut me and start operating based on half of my sentence.She never was able to answer something that is relevant to the previous thing we talked about. For example: ""Alexa, what is the tallest building"" and she would tell me ""Burj Khalifa"", I'd ask ""And what is its height"" and she wouldn't know what is ""it"", she doesn't know we just spoke about the Burj Khalifa.The thing is that its been so many years already and it seems like there is no progress in her abilities and sometimes it's seems like she gotten worse through the years.I used to be able to play ""My sleep playlist from spotify"" but now she will always look for playlists made by Spotify instead of playing the playlists I created. Even if I'll name the playlist ""sleep by me"" or some other more specific name of a playlist that isn't public on Spotify, she'll say ""Sorry , I don't know a playlist called ""Sleep by me"" even though that is exactly the name, and she's connected to my Spotify user."	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Cons: it cannot Cast audio from my phone, does not work with Spotify app, Alexa app is incomprehensible, it shouts ""Now commented to XYZ!"" every time it connects to a device, it keeps flashing colors all day and night with no clear way to stop it, and setting up home theater pairing is bizarrely overcomplicated in the app.Pros: It pairs with the Fire Stick for a home theater setup and works perfectly. Alexa voice recognition is great. Audio quality is great."	2	October 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	So I got this on prime day and the deal price is just about the same. What a waste of stress time thinking I had to buy it before it ended.	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The speaker works well in a large room and we like the looks and color (blue), even though the cord is white. However, the Alexa apt is frustrating and has been since my first Echo Dot (original generation). Then, there's the Amazon Music Unlimited, which you would think would work great with the Amazon Alexa AND the Amazon Echo speakers. Well, I don't know which to blame, but here is an example: I paired my new 4th Generation Echo with my existing 1st gen. Echo Dot (in another room via the Alexa apt), then requested  an artist playlist (i.e. ""play music by Neil Diamond"") and they both worked - for a while. Then, after about six hours (which included Christmas music in March) the gen 4 Echo (mid-song) shut off while the old Echo Dot kept playing. Trying to correct the situation means: Stop Alexa, wait a while, then start over, if you're still inclined. This happens All the time when leaving on long enough. The sound volume also varies song-to-song so that I frequently manually turn the sound up or down. The sound quality is surprisingly good, otherwise. Alexa voice recognition, even after a substantial break-in period is ify: sometimes when requesting a playlist or song Alexa will want to sell me a book.Some artists play for hours and some for an hour, even though they have many more songs to their credit (i.e. Bill Medley played for one hour with three repeats of ""The Time of Our Lives""). If you have a lot of patience, have fun, but, sooner-or-later things get frustrating.Update: After contacting Amazon, a very helpful customer rep. guided me through a Factory Reset. Afterwards she promised the device would work 'perfectly'. It works worse. Now about tree hours both 4th Gen. Echo's hiss during playback then shut down with my original 1st Gen. Echo Dot still playing (on my 'everywhere' group inside our house). Then it took 6-7 attempts to get my old Echo Dot to stop. Before I purchased the two 4th Gen. Echo's, everything worked fine .. not 'perfectly', but fine. Good Luck! IF you buy these .. Still not sure if the problem is the new Echo's or Amazon Music Unlimited. Another update (4-20-21): While we do enjoy Amazon Music (when it works) and the sound is good .. the Echo is in a large room so I decided to add another for stereo and coverage .. call me stupid for still hoping for a good experience .. what convinced me to buy another (?) .. Amazon put it on sale and promised to include a free smart plug .. well, Amazon came through again and didn't include the smart plug and their customer service can't remedy. At least I got the sale price, but, I am increasingly NOT becoming a loyal Amazon customer. 6/10/21 Update: Alexa Sucks!: Frequently doesn't play what you ask for, or, when it does, stops playing, mid-song, when it wants, then freezes so you can't play any music until ""SHE"" feels like it (even doing a 'unplug' restart doesn't help). These speakers are marketed for Alexa and Amazon Music users and the experience (six months worth) is frustrating, maddening, and just plain bad."	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was surprised by how little this thing can actually do and by how un-seamless the user experience is. The biggest smart-home items I have that I wanted to connect are my robot vacuum and robot mopper, from Neato and iRobot respectively.The Alexa app has robot vacuums as a main device category, but connecting them is really difficult. For the Neato vacuum, you have to connect your Neato account to Amazon. Fair enough, except that it only works if you used the same email address for both accounts! You will have to change your Neato email address to whatever you use with Amazon. Sorry if you wanted privacy.Connecting the iRobot mopper just didn't work. You have to install the iRobot skill, then add the bot as a device, but it won't connect to my Braava Jet robot at all. There is really no way to get help with it either. Amazon can't offer support for the dozens of 3rd party devices they claim to support, and iRobot doesn't know how to get it to work either. That is a hint of a failing ecosystem.I don't have any smart lights or anything like that yet, so what's left in terms of functionality is low-level features like the flash briefing. But even this seems like it's been neglected by Amazon. Many of the news sources on offer have stopped updating, so you can add them but Alexa just says they are unavailable every time. It's really difficult to customize also. I noticed if you ask Alexa how to edit your flash briefing she gives you inaccurate directions that don't reflect the current version of the Alexa app. If you manage to figure it out, you realize you can't really add useful things to your flash briefing like air quality for your city. It seems the boundaries of the experience are quite narrow, and they are becoming more narrow as the ecosystem shrinks. This is supposed to be a flagship device for Amazon and a key part of their strategy, but the experience has atrophied badly.	1	July 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Works as expected. Sound is good. Music and many other functions require additional links or products for additional costs.  Other than music. Have no other use for it.	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Update November 2021: I have taken this echo out of service. Last night I ask her to play Klove radio station for me. She said I needed to get Amazons music service.  Told her to stop and tried again. She wanted to play Christmas music.  Told her to stop. Ask her what the temperature would be and she started to play Christmas music. Took her out of service. Ask my echo show to play klove for 30 minutes. Her answer was ""playing klove fromm H..... I heart radio for 30 minutes.""I think Amazon had different clouds for different echos. I have my dots be down but my show5 works fine. My dots don't argue we me like this echo does and this on is always trying to get me to buy things, a lot more than dots and shows does.Original post: I have echos from the very first one to now including echo show 5.  The sound quality is the best of all.  This new one (4th generation) has problem of hearing you and understanding you. I almost have to yell to get her to hear me and then she doesn't understand. Example. I have lights with wifi bulbs (2 different brands)  I almost always have to tell her twice to turn on or off. I have a Amazon smart plug and the same.  easy to set up and easy to get other products to work with her.Update:  I’ve changed my post from 3 Stars to 1. She’s getting more hard of hearing. She went bonkers the other night and could only do a few commands. She kept telling me that she could not connect to the internet. All others were okay. I finally unplugged her then restarted. She then told me she needed to recalibrate. That’s a new one.Update: less than a hour after posting the update Amazon customer services called and worked through the problem. The wakeup name Alexa is a corrupted file. Changing to echo made it better.  We will see if that holds. Change from 3 stars to one. Will move It to 2 stars. If it holds i will change ratings to 3 or higher.UPDATE September 30 2021:I’m going to go back to one star. Her hearing problem is getting worse. She now argues with me. I tell her to turn on plug for porch and she gives ne the definition of a porch. I must tell her two times to turn on porch. She then tells me the porch is not a command. Go to another echo same command and porch comes on.I’ve decided to remove her and put in my old first generation puck in her place. It’s does not miss a command.After reading all the reviews about her hard of hearing I ordered anyway. My advice is don’t buy this one.For information the command to turn on porch was at 4:00 am nothing was on in room to distract her. And had to give command twice and hear what a porch was."	1	July 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"While the sound is much improved; I'd rather liked the method for which the volume was controlled in the Echo 1st Gen.  With Echo 1st Gen all you had to do was twist the top.  With the Ball 4th Gen, you have to go feeling for the +/-.  One added plus to the Alexa 4th Gen, is the battery attachment.  Today I am to receive the battery.  Let's hope it performs well.  Would I buy another 4th Gen; yeah, the sound is worth the cost.  Sure wish one could twist the upper half of the ball to adjust the volume; that would have been better.We have used the 4th Gen Alexa for 1/2 months; the only problem we have noticed is that, and I should first say; the 4th Gen is geared more toward digital devices, with that said; the problem it has is that it does not voice recognize our request to play music by ""U2.""  Its response is to direct us to enable ""youtube"" by using the Alexa app.  At the Alexa app, there isn't a method to solve this problem.  The only solution we found was to request a specific album or song from U2.  Then Alexa 4th Gen has a better chance at granting your request."	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition doesn’t appear to be as good as previous generations. I’m always having to repeat myself. Pretty good otherwise.	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It sounds just like all of the other Alexa’s	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Like many other reviews, the microphone on this device is inferior to other Alexa devices. I have a basic echo and a flex device in nearby rooms, and even when I am 10 to 15 ft away from this one, the other devices will often hear me instead of this one.	3	June 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is my 12th echo in the house. Every one i have that is black came with a black cord. This one came with a white cord. It is clearly for a black area, smh.	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this item to upgrade my Echo Plus in July 2021, after two months my Phillips Hue light bulbs stopped working with the unit.  When trying to troubleshoot the issue I lost the ability to restore or add light bulbs back to the Alexa smart home network.  In working with the Amazon team, a replacement device was sent but the same issue re-occurred in December 2021, almost the same time period as the prior unit.  As a hub device that works with Zigbee devices, Phillips Hue Lights should be listed needing a hub for it to work with this unit.I am not sure if other Phillips Hue users are having the same issue, this was my experience.  I would not suggest buying this Echo if you are a Phillips Hue user unless you buy the Phillips Hue Hub.Note: I also have other smart home items and I did not have a bad experience with those items, just the Phillips Hue Lights.	3	January 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This one is great for music but does not recognize our voice and requests like the dots and show we have. We have dots and another couple Alexa’s put all around our house and this one is just not as responsive. Bass is good but that’s about it.	3	June 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I've had many Echo devices starting with my first when I was invited to buy a 1st gen before they went to market. I currently have 2 Echo Shows, 2 4th gen Echos, 2 Echo Dots and an Echo Auto. We've always like the Echo products...until recently. About a month ago, we went to bed and as usual  told Alexa to play our SleepyTime playlist. Sometime in the night, she stopped playing and when we tried to get the playlist going again she said she couldn't reach the internet. When I woke up the next morning, I found our internet was fine so I tried reconnecting the Echo. No matter what I tried, she would not connect. If I asked her a question, she would just reply with ""I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. The internet is not reachable. ""I even did a factory reset - still no good. Thinking it was bad, I went to Best Buy and bought another 4th gen Echo. It too too would not connect. I tried over and over - no good.  So, for kicks, I decided to use my wife's phone and her Amazon account and in the first attempt the device connected. To eliminate my phone as a problem. I opened a brand new Fire Tablet registered to me. I first updated the Alexa app and attempted to connect the 4th gen Echo to my account - no good. We've done coutless resets, but nothing works with my account. Her account, no problem. I have taken the Echo to my work and it does the same thing there as well. The problem with using my wife's account is that all of the other devices, Kasa plugs, Hue lights etc., are attached to my account. I had bought a pack of 4 Kasa plugs and they cannot attach to my account either. I can use them within the Kasa app, but cannot attach them to my Alexa account. Basically, my account is somehow damaged. I called tech support after about 10 days of trying to fix this myself. I was hung-up on twice, but eventually got someone in Echo tech support. After trying many things, even screen sharing from the new Fire tablet, the technician said that this was very unusual and should not be behaving like this. The devices register on my account, but they just won't work. She told me she and her team would need time to  investigate this issue and asked me for a good callback time for the next day. I said 5:30pm would be good. I never got the call and my devices still are not working. Through my efforts, I have eliminated my network, my phone, my tablet, the Alexa app, the Echo devices- everything but my Alexa account. I have no choice at this point but to give them a one star review until this is fixed."	1	October 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	See headline.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s a cool concept and I don’t know if mine is defective but it loses connection a lot. I know it’s not my internet because all of my other devices are fine. It will also just randomly crank up my music with no rhyme or reason. I checked and there’s no set schedule or routine for it to do that, it just does it. It gets what I say a lot of the time but sometimes I’ll say something crystal clear and it will not understand, even through it’s a direction I’ve given it before without issue. Sometimes it randomly shuts off but my phone app shows it’s connected and there’s nothing in the settings or routine to make it do that. The routines you can set only allow one “skill” per routine which is inconvenient. It could definitely use a lot of improvement and a cool feature would be options for different celebrity voices (like how WAZE does), not having to ask Alexa to ask a specific celebrity something to get their voice. It would also be nice if, not only would it turn on my tv by voice, but if it would also launch sling or paramount + or discovery + by voice too.  Accents, celebrity voices, better connectivity, more consistency, and the ability to search all of your streaming services for a specific movie or show you ask for, as well as record them if you’d ask it to would make it worth the price. As it is, kind of a rip off. If you really want one, get the dot. The price is more inline with what you get. The concept is great but a lot of room for improvement.	2	February 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"A dud all around:1.  The globe shape takes up more space in every instance where it's put than its cylindrical predecessors2.  The internal temperature sensor is often inaccurate.  Apparently it updates no more often than every 30 minutes.3.  The buggy alexa app occasionally shows the echo 4 temperature on its status screen, but most of the time it doesn't display -- the temperature line is missing. Previous versions prominently displayed the temperature.4.  The temperature measures in C despite setting it to F in the alexa app.  The only way to change it is through a voice command to the echo.5.  Sound quality is markedly worse -- and is especially directional. Vocals are muffled and no amount of adjustment makes much difference.6.  The ""equalizer"" is still profoundly primitive with only three adjustment -- bass (which is already too heavy even at the lowest setting); midrange; and treble.7.  No digital signal processing?  This is 2021, not 2001.8.  The on-board processor(s) are very slow to react to commands -- and it's not related to the internet or WiFi.9.  Room speaker groups don't work -- one of the three speakers in the group will work fine and any of the three will work fine, but when asked to play in a group, two of the three speakers behave as if they have poor connections with glitchy sound that then drops in and out.  All are on the same WiFi dedicated network, and I've reset them multiple times.10.  The action light ring on the bottom is hard to see and is largely hidden by the globular shape.  The action ring is on in my image with a waiting notification -- can you see it?  Me neither.11.  There is some sort of sound-based occupancy sensor in this version of the echo -- again, doesn't work reliably, poorly documented; and poorly implemented and integrated with the buggy alexa app.12.  Still no way to interact with the echo devices using a web browser -- forced to use the buggy app.13.  Volume normalization across feeds is abominable.  Some sources, BBC World Service, for example are quiet -- others, such as the NPR feed are loud.  This should be tested before feeds are allowed to go live.  Even better, sound normalization should be automated in the cloud if not on the device.  It's maddening to be required to manually adjust the volume on EVERY SINGLE source!To say I am disappointed in these $100 duds is an understatement.I will be returning these ASAP."	1	November 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love Alexa’s and most echos. The house is filled with them. However this model has the worse possible sound for music. Massive bass that even using the EQ destroys any music. Mediocre mids and trebles. The previous generation was way better. What happened?	3	June 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	So I love Alexa and most of the Alexa products.  I have the new-gen 4 to replace Gen 3 so it would have the hub.  The hub part works great.  However, when I am in the kitchen and the device is so close to me (same position as older model)  I have to yell at Alexa and wait (note; no music or anything playing) then speak the command.  In previous-gen versions, I have been able to talk at a normal volume and pace and Alexa picks up what I am saying right away.Now 1 of 2 things happen 1. I have to pause for 3 -4 seconds after saying Alex or it simply does not respond OR 2. the echo dot device in another room picks up the request and plays the response in that room.Also while it looks super nice compared to other models, the light indicator being at the bottom is almost useless.  If I have a notification I can't see the light , where when the light was at the top of the device you could see the light from a distance.  Now it's just hidden and pretty useless if you are not right on top of the unit.Also playing music on this is not nearly as loud or pronounced as previous gen models.  This sounds muted (so does the dot 4th gen) , sadly I feel like this 4th gen went down hill and not much able to be done about it if you're a alexa ecosystem. household	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Update: Rating changed from 4 to 3 stars. The new devices (have 2 now and am kind of regretting it) are a step up with sound quality for sure. But the microphones and voice recognition are really poor. Have to repeat commands (even simple ones like ""end timer"") many times.  Heck, the devices have a hard time picking up ""Alexa"" wake word most of the time. Haven't looked at the internals, but guessing that the physical positioning of microphones in the new ball shaped package was ""good in theory"" but just poor design. Either that or the software upgrades are anything but.And Amazon is not doing anything about the ugly white cords and adapters. Shame. The round package could be cool - if it wasn't for the ugly white only cords and adapters (and performance issues of course). It is fine with the white one we have. It might even work for the blue. But it is gosh-awful with the charcoal unit. If a person wants a dark colored smart device, it is probably in part because the location needs a dark color. Tell me again how white cords/adapters make sense?-------------------------------------------------------------------Overall the device is a step up from 2nd gen device. Sound quality much improved and reasonable for price. Voice recognition not as consistent as with 3rd gen Dots for some reason.Huge esthetics issue: only have white cords and power adapters. REALLY UGLY with dark gray/black unit. Especially bad if putting somewhere that needs dark color.Money saving deal but come on Amazon. Y’all are better than this!"	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"First, I could not use my desktop computer to link the echo to Alexa. I had to load the Alexa app onto my phone to do this and I do not like a lot of apps on my phone.  Second, and I'm not sure if it's because I have the volume up on the echo, the sound goes out on occasion, like a hiccup. I've tried unplugging, waiting then plugging back in, but that didn't help.  And finally, the echo seems to move across the table I have it on over several days use.  I have to keep moving it back into place.  The sound is not as good as I expected, being listed as ""premium"", but it is passable.  The unit is acceptable over all, but not exceptional or special."	3	February 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Wasn’t the premium sound I’d expected at all	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"My original 1st Gen Alexa finally died after nearly 8 years. So traded in for this Echo 4th Gen. It is more expensive than the dots and supposedly better sound quality. But don't believe it; mine sucks. Sound is poor and muffled. When it plays music, music can barely be heard. When Echo is speaking, it is LOUD. Also, voice-recognition sucks. ""Alexa, what is the weather today?"" Alexa: ""It is 7:04pm now."" And that is when it actually hears me (I have to SHOUT). After four generations, Amazon devices have gotten worse, not better. If you have to buy, stick with the dots."	2	October 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	first one lasted 5 months so only 3 stars until I see if it lasts longer.  Return under warranty was a huge hassle.  Bought it on sale but reimbursement was for that price not replacement price.  Since it only lasted 5 months, should get the replacement for the price paid.  After much time on the phone with Amazon, they finally got it right.  liked the ring on the older version being on top better than this one that has it on the bottom, not a easy to see.	3	May 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Not good at responding to voice commands at all. Bass is good, almost too good, because you miss other sounds because it’s heavy. Design is bulky and catches constant dust.Worst of all, it now makes the sound in the video attached randomly and loudly.Woke up to it this morning. Only way to stop is to unplug for a while and replug. Not sure who to call and they don’t make it easy. Guess once the warranty runs out it’s designed to be a large paperweight?Note:First review was denied. Not sure what I did wrong since they won’t tell you that part but I’m assuming it was because I compared to other products they make and sell. It was all truth and no bad language or links. So it was either that or they don’t like bad reviews on their products. People need to know this stuff to make an informed decision."	3	April 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Edit: Figured out the original issue, thank you reddit.  Now she works when she feels like it. Sometimes I'm 5 feet away and slowly raising my voice I get now responses to only a few moment later the TV says her name, and she starts having a conversation.  Other times she speaks quick gibberish to which my partner and I question our sanity, but mostly she throws out random facts then apologizes she's still learning. Which brings me to the next part.  She randomly dings, and blue ring glows for a few moments then done.  Totally random  and mostly at very quiet times.  Otherwise it's handy in a facts argument.I wish I could say this echo is great, or this thing sucks, but since I can’t fully use it because the Alexa App is the most discouraging, frustrating, EVIL, POS ever created! After 4 days of research I have resolved to just let the echo collect dust bunnies, and be a “think piece “ of “art”, the thinking part is Why did I buy this junk?! I have lived in the United States my entire life. My cell phone, smart TVs, and any other smart product I’ve ever own, have all been set to US English since day 1, I have never been anywhere where I’ve ordered anything to be shipped to another country. My Amazon apps, Spotify, YouTube,hulu, etc, are all set to US English. I do not own a vpn, BUT, BUT, BUT THE ALEXA APP Home Screen looks normal for me, English and everything, but try ANY link within the app, and BOOM SPANISH!! WTF?! And YES, I’ve tried everything freaking thing the internet, Amazon, geek squad, neighbor, the dog has recommended and Still royally and totally….well you know where this is going. F You Amazon App Developers you suck!	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It works great as a simple Echo Dot, when it becomes to usability of the speaker capabilities it becomes almost impossible to use it, it change the volume by itself constantly, it keeps disconnecting, I contacted Amazon support and I spent an hour trying to solve the issues with no success, I need to highlight, the support team where very kind and they really tried to help.	2	October 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound, microphone quit working after 3 months.Update: Amazon contacted me after reading my review, and shipped me a newly refurbished unit for free and asked me to send my broken unit back for free shipping.  The new unit works well, sounds great. I am pleased with the good customer service!	2	November 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is great but then you have to deal with the constant pestering for you to upgrade to the premium package to enjoy more music. It seems every time I start to enjoy the sound quality of the device I'll ask it to play something else and it'll either tell me that song is only on the premium package and would I like to upgrade now to hear that song or I can hear the song but before I do I get asked again if I would like to get the premium package blah blah blah blah. Anyways good sound until you have to hear what alexa or what ever name you choose for your device has to say about blah blah blah.	2	September 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"We wanted to love this with the premium sound and we have to say, the music quality is improved over the standard model. The issue is listening and responding to or commands. This echo seems ""hard of hearing"" whether it is playing music or just waiting for interaction. Frustrating problem. We don't know if it is defective and needs to be returned or it is a design flaw. Other reviewers have also mentioned the hearing/listening problem."	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	What I did not like about this product is it died the we got it.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I see that the big ball has great reviews but I think it might be from people who have never had an Alexa device before or they strictly use this for playing music. I have had the 2nd generation Echo dot, the hockey puck looking one for over 2 years and it has worked great for talking to it and music very crisp and clear and it picks up my voice very well (hears good) and responds. Now I see this new one the 4th generation big ball with a 3 inch speaker that is supposed to give great quality sound which it does sound very good for what it is playing music but the downfall vs the 2nd generation Dot is even with the bass turned down and the treble turned up when she talks it is not crisp and clear, it has a muffled sound making it hard to hear her with any background noise like tv going at same time, so that is annoying and the big ball doesn't hear very well, sometimes not hearing what I said at all and other times she is lit up listening but not answering at all so have to ask again and again very disturbing.  I am going to keep the ball and plug in when I want music but continue to use the Echo Dot 2nd generation for all the talking to her throughout the day at least this one hears and answers back almost always and the sound for talking is so much clearer and crisp.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really wanted to like the new Echo 4.And for sound quality is actually amazing. It's on par with a much more expensive speaker.But as an Echo device, It's actually worse than my echo 3 dot was.For some reason it barely recognizes my voice. So I need to call out the command word 2 to 3 times each time to get its attention.It also has some really eonky integration issues.For example every time I use it to control my fire TV it changes the size of the fire TV buttons and I have to reset the thing.I really wanted to like this and I thought it should have been a nice upgrade when my echo three dot stopped working. But instead it's somehow inferior on all of the Alexa parts, Even though the sound quality is really good.	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I prefer the original cylinder style Alexa. This new one sounds a little better but it is too big -  it takes up too much space. I got the battery  base because I take Alexa with me - especially when I work outside. The cylinder Alexa is super easy to carry with one hand. I need 2 hands to carry the new Alexa.  To raise or lower the volume on the original, you only have to turn the ring at the top, something you can do in the dark.  The new version has a + and - symbol on the top to raise and lower the volume, very hard to find in the dark!  This is a much poorer design.  It's like the designers went backwards instead of forwards in making the new product. I am trying to decide if I keep it or return it.	2	August 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I added this latest echo to my other 2 to get better music in my kitchen. The system is very good but there are three consistent annoyances I have with it:1. I can't stand the confirmation tone Alexa uses. I know it can't be changed (yet?) but this needs to be fixed ASAP. I'd rather nothing at all or a more pleasant tone I choose.2. When it comes to music, Alexa seems to be confused all the time. I find it very difficult to have all my speakers play at once. I have to add the phrase Everywhere or Everywhere group to my choice. Annoying at best.3. Alexa keeps moving around my system when it comes to the most rapid response time when I say the wake up word. I find this annoying as well.	3	February 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Somehow I feel like the echo dot is better than this. Set up is so annoying too, it has a hard time connecting to internet, and it'll speak in three different languages repeatedly during this process. The shape is really odd in my opinion, and I'll have to ask it multiple times to do things too which is super annoying. The studio version is something I wish I saved for instead.	3	June 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to replace our Echo and it’s like all of a sudden Alexa doesn’t know half of what we’re saying. Irritating.	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have had 3 of these along with a subwoofer for almost 2.5 years now.  All I can say is DO NOT BUY.  I mean it do not do it.  You will be sorry.  It has been nothing but a constant hassle.  Nothing works as advertised.  Even after spending hours and hours and hours of time with customer service over years and years.  There are bugs that I reported over 2 years ago that still are not fixed.  Trying to use a stereo pair, forget it.  After over 5 hours with customer service my ""Stereo Pair"" only plays with one speaker.  This is only ONE example of of the problems I have had.  I have spent hours upon hours with their customer service.  I am immensely unhappy with this hardware and software.  It is a constant battle to keep things paired and working.  Phillips Hue lights that work just fine with the Phillips Hue app don't work in Alexa.  Their customer service tries to say it's the light.  Seriously, the light works with anything other than Alexa and yet their answer is that it's the light.  Again, just one more example of many, I mean many of the issues I have had.I am not kidding when I tell you that today I had had enough.  I got so mad I took all 3 of my echo devices outside and took a hammer to them.  I am not joking.  I will go to Best Buy today and buy a couple of Google Smart Speakers.Stay away form Echo and Fire TV.  They are full of bugs that Amazon is just never going to fix."	1	July 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to replace a 1st Gen Echo and was really disappointed. The sound quality was worse and had a hollow tone. You could correct a little with the app but never got to the quality of the original we had.Another big factor for our change was the mic on our 1st gen just wasn’t as responsive after all these years and we found ourselves always yelling at Alexa. However, when we set up this new Gen 4 Echo we found it performed worse than the original. So much so, that the Gen 4 sphere would ignore our commands while the G1 which we moved to a further room away was still picking up our commands.  I’d fault a good bit of this to placement location of the two units, as it’s a little close to a tv but I’m doing an apples to apples comparison of the two different units in the same spot under the same lifestyle home conditions.  We gave it about 14 days of testing before we gave up and decided to return.Also, I’m not sure the spherical design is really any better stylistically or practically. It seems to take up more space and having the light ring on the bottom means you can’t really tell when Alexa is actually hearing your commands.  We ended up repeating ourselves quite often because she just wasn’t acknowledging we were speaking to her. Plus from a volume control standpoint the ring can no longer provide a visual queue as you can’t see all the way around the sphere. Obviously you can ask Alexa what her setting is volume wise, but sometimes you just want to see.Lastly, we bought a blue one. It’s neat that it’s not black like all of our other echoes and dots. But, the exact shade of blue actually wasn’t that appealing once we had it in our house.  It’s almost like they couldn’t decide which shade of blue to use so they just went with blah in the end.Biggest Pro:  I like the idea of the new colors.Biggest Cons: sound quality and mic sensitivityExtra note - we did link it with the multi room sound playback and that feature was easy enough to set up and integrated our G1 Echo with this G4 Echo seamlessly.  It also pointed out more sound flaws though as the G1 outperformed in the end with providing a more dynamic and balanced room filling sound.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"If you're looking for QUALITY sound... much better than a Dot, not as good as a Studio.Honestly, I've owned this Dot Gen 4, the Echo Gen 4, the Echo Studio and none are really giving me what a good amp, good speakers do. A single source, stereo, even 360 degree, it just isn't happening with any Echo, Hype.Just ok sound, connectivity if not easily paired or set up, an Echo may fit your needs. Or your childs. Setting up multiple Echos for stereo pairs, the message I get, ""this device is not compatible, the proceed further ""next"", grayed out. With the Echo or the Echo Studio. But perhaps that's just me.UPDATE: HERE'S WHY I COULDN'T SET UP STEREO PAIRS between an Echo and my Studio. After a very polite and in one way helpful call(helped me set up a temp sensor Routine) with a very knowledgable Amazon tech support(thanks Chris L) about connecting Echos, Echo Studio in stereo pairs,""ONLY ALLOWS STEREO PAIRS OF LIKE DEVICES"". MEANING: NOT AN ECHO AND A STUDIO. NOT AN ECHO DOT AND AN ECHO. NOT AN ECHO STUDIO WITH AN ECHO.... LIKE DEVICES, EXACTLY. YOU CAN SET UP MULTI ROOM DEVICES THAT WILL THEN PLAY TOGETHER, NOT IN STEREO PAIRS.I'm told.WHAAAAAAT?????Temperature Sensor- a big reason to buy but it just doesn't perform, react to changes in temp fast enough to make this feature worth while. The sensor being ""in"" the Echo enclosure is heavily influenced by the enclosure temp itself(and everything inside). A big/rapid change in temp? the enclosure keeps the Echo from implementing in real time. Have a heater connected? Think this is great to turn on/off by temp? Very slow to respond to either a temp drop in the room(then it turns on the heater in a created routine) and then responds very slowly to turn the heater off when ""off"" routine temp is reached. Seems to me this is a case of an external temp sensor, not in the Echo enclosure would work much better. I tried it, just toooo slow to respond and I deleted the routines."	2	November 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 4 echos. At first they worked beautifully. I liked being able to have the same program playing on all the devices while I worked around the house. However, the last couple of weeks I can barely get one device to play.  I can’t figure out what is wrong.5/3/21 update: When I posted the above paragraph, I received a call from Amazon customer service, and was given some steps to take to correct the problem.  They are all working fine right now.  Fingers crossed.One of my favorite things to do with the Echos is to have them all play the same radio station.  As I walk around the house doing my chores, I can listen to the music wherever I am.There's lots more the echos can do.  I'm sure I have only scratched the surface.Update 5/4/21: Customer service helped me yesterday and the echoes worked fine after that.  Now I am  having intermittent problems again where one or more of my echos stop playing.  I don't know what is going on.  I am not very tech savvy and it is irksome that this keeps happening.  My echos (I have 4) worked beautifully together for the first couple of weeks and now I keep having these issues. So I am dropping my rating back to 3 stars for now until I can get this problem resolved.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"As a speaker, this is pretty good.  I like the Alexa control.  But I bought it to play my CDs on a stereo and have them play throughout the house (on 4 Echo Dots).  It took a little work to play the Line-In on the Echo, but as soon as I tried to play in on the ""Everywhere"" network, it dropped the Line -In and played from from Amazon Music.  I looked on some posts and found other complaints and questions.  LINE-IN DOES NOT WORK ON ANYTHING BUT THE ECHO WITH THE CONNECTION!  Don't get this if you think it will work as the description implies.  It can play the Line-In on the Echo, and it can play music to multiple Echo speakers, but IT CAN'T DO BOTH AT THE SAME TIME (and they do not say this)."	3	January 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I've had an Echo device since the original was in pre-order, and I got it for $100. Last year, we finally decided it had gotten old enough and traded it in for a new one. That was a mistake.The new Echo's want to be so helpful. Want some music? They'll gladly tell you all about Amazon's Music Unlimited subscription service, that just so happens is NOT included with Prime. Want to listen to the news? It'll turn on TuneIn, which'll make you listen to up to 10 minutes of commercials before actually playing the news. Want to track your Amazon purchases? It'll happily give you notifications, sometimes even without you asking or wanting them, about where your packages are.When the Echo starts blinking yellow, you're supposed to ask it what the notification is. Most of the time, it'll tell you about a Subscribe & Save item that's being delayed, or a package got delivered, etc. But sometimes, it'll recommend a book that you have absolutely no interest in.The book recommendations were my last straw. A little backstory first. As far as I can tell, out of roughly 1500 purchases I've made on Amazon in the last decade, perhaps 5 of them have been books, and none of them for me. They've all been cookbooks, or kids books, as gifts for others. So why, in the name of all that's holy, does the Echo insist on giving me notifications for random books that will be coming out? I don't want them. I don't care what they are. I have never, in the 8 years of owning an Echo, purchased a book through it. I've never asked it to read a book to me. I've never used it to play an audiobook. There is no overlap between what I've told it to do or what I've used it for, and upcoming book releases. That venn diagram is 2 circles with a mile between them. Yet, you CAN NOT disable these notifications. No amount of settings changes, or account updates, or even calling Amazon Tech Support, will remove them.I do not want book notifications. For that reason, I just bought a Homepod Mini, and I'll be returning my Echo. Maybe if Amazon updates their pushy marketing tactics, I'll get another one, but it's not likely.	1	April 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"So got a second gen 4 Echo and sub, and when the link up properly then they sound great. It does not always link. Sometimes just plays out of one speaker. The other issue I have with it is the voice commands for audible. You would think that since audible and Alexa are Amazon properties, they would work well together. However, I often, although asking for a certain book to continue, get the last book I listened to starting up. Then when I ask for the sleep timer to be set to 15 mins, something it does it perfect. Other times it sets a timer for 15 mins and audible shutdowns within 30 seconds. Even thought I use the same command each time ""Alexa set sleep timer for 15 mins"".  So I give it 3 stars due to issues to me that cause frustration. But over all the sound is good for a wireless setup."	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Sound quality is very good.  I ""downgraded"" from my Echo Show, gave it to my daughter, because the sound quality in the echo is much better.However, it has a HUGE glitch.  About 50% of the time it does not respond to the wake up word, ""Alexa"" and when it does, another 50% of the time it tells you that the device, lamp, is not connected.  However, when you tell it to turn the lamp on/off gain it will do it.Another issue I'm having is that you ask it something and it will answer something else. i.e ""Alexa what's the weather?"" Answer, ""CNN breaking news...""I thought it might have been my voice, although I've had no problems with previous echo products, so I Asked my daughter to talk to it and the same thing happened.I like the product, just wish Amazon would update the software to fix the issues."	3	December 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	You can't hear music at all , you need to pay to hear music. YouTube is not supported by Alexa.I try to command my lights and nothing,  the blinds no .I use Google hub now	3	June 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Many features and settings that are not explained at all.  I keep running into strange behavior that I must go to internet to find the answer.  One more unexplained event and I will return the device.	3	June 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was hoping this could be a cheaper solution for respectable surround sound for my house but the truth is that these are absolutely not the quality anyone would expect who is really looking to replace a sound system for easy plug n play wifi connected speakers. Yes they work, yes it is easy, NO these are not premium sound. Maybe they are premium in contrast to other echo devices but not comparable to other sound systems.You absolutely get what you pay for in this case…Cheap stuff yields cheap results.	2	September 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded to Amazon Music Unlimited and received HD music also. The old dots where working find but wanted to create a stereo pair with better sounding speakers. So I purchased the Echo thinking I would have a sonic experience. What has been the result is as follows. The sound is great until the stream stops. This has been a recurring problem since upgrading and purchasing the speakers. I will tell Alexa to play either my playlist or an artist and it starts out fine. Then partway into the first song it will drop out but then starts again. It will play again with no problem for a few songs and then repeat. Not the sonic experience I was looking for. I have tried on at least 3 occasions contacting Amazon and finding a fix. They have been polite but have offered no solution besides restart everything, start from scratch and disconnect the the devices and the internet and reconnect in reverse order. Nothing has worked. I have a robust connection and stream 4K regularly. I am going to reach out to Amazon one more time and if that does not provide relief I will just drop the unlimited music and give Apple a test run.	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I use other speakers for sound so that isn’t a thing to me.  We do use it constantly for our curtains, lights, fans, etc.  The white cord is ridiculous.  The form factor is neat but makes the blue light more difficult to see.Setup was difficult.  It glitched on the first go and so the app kept looping to “setup your new echo device despite having set it up 5 times.  I reset it and started over. The light now lights up.It doesn’t hear me any better or get the commands correct more frequently than the previous generation.  I constantly get “x device doesn’t support that” followed by the command being carried out the next time I say it.  It integrates horribly with my firetv stick (so did the previous generation) where “launch Hulu on firetv” gives me a 50/50 split of “that skill is not enabled” and “launching Hulu on firetv”.I have 3 alexas in 3 different rooms spanning about 2000 square feet.  The microphones are too good so more often than not 2/3 of them hear the wake word and (I guess?) assume the other one will follow out the command so neither does it.  The new Alexa asked me yesterday if I was talking to it or a different Alexa.  I corrected it but it hasn’t helped anything.The only positive here is that when it gets a command right, specifically with SmartThings, it is a little faster.Our echo does not sit directly under the tv.  It would be neat if the echo would work for as read sound or atmos sound for your tv.  It does not.  It will only work as a tv speaker with our firetv stick which means the sound comes out from a weird place in our room.*****Update****. It’s garbage.  I have to yell for it to hear me and when it does, it ignores my command or gets it completely wrong;  “I’m sorry, X device doesn’t support that” randomly only to work perfectly the next time.  The microphone is worse than the firetv cubes by 10.  The old microphone was so much better.  If I could return this I would.  If you want better sound get an Echo Studio or SONOS instead.Update 2: If I wasn’t so lazy I’d go find our old one in the basement.  This thing doesn’t hear me, ignores me…seems to hear me then ignores me.  What the heck happened here?  Who thought this was a good idea?  How is this 5 stars?Space heaters and fans defeat this. Worried about Alexa hearing your conversations? Just turn on your ceiling fan or a space heater.  FYI- The Sonos/Alexa in our garage works with 2 industrial fans blowing at high speed 4 ft away from it.	1	October 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Though this echo has far better sound quality than my old Echo Dot, its user interface is much worse than the Dot was. She constantly just stops interacting in the middle of skills and cannot hear or understand me anywhere near as well. I used to be pretty impressed by how well my Dot could understand me from across the room and assumed that this new Echo would be just as good if not better. Nope.I still enjoy the sound quality although it’s not as good as my Bose countertop speaker is (as I would expect). I get frustrated with this echo constantly just not responding when I talk to it or just stopping in the middle of using certain skills.	3	February 16, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa Algorithm was getting worse with my 2nd/3rd gen device. But with this 4 she is horrible she can’t hear or doesn’t know s$@?!. She plays the wrong thing when she does hear me. Amazon needs to update YouTube and Apple Music Skills on the Alexa App. stereo pairing should be bluetooth capable (unless I’m missing something).Sound quality best when 2 speakers paired.	3	May 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I replaced my first edition Echo with this. My old Echo understood commands much better. This one makes and repeats mistakes the older one didn't. Also, the diameter of this model takes up too much horizontal real estate. The taller narrower model was much better.	2	November 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like the size but I definitely did not like the premium sound.	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I don't have a lot of expectations of Alexia. What the Echo Gen 4 does well, it does well. However, when it fails, it does so fantastically. My biggest complaint is that I get it, Echo, Amazon product, Echo is really just a way to drive and direct traffic, particularly consumer traffic to Amazon, but for God's sake it gets a little... unwelcomingly forceful about it sometimes.Build quality of the unit is good.The sound quality is okay. Stereo speakers could be configured a tiny bit better to try to get a little more spread out of them but really nothing can really be done when you cram a left and right channel so close together. Bass, is... bassy. The midrange is okay and the treble is fairly clear without getting too tinny. Voice recognition is okay, when you call her, 95% of the time she hears you.However....This is the real issue. Alexia isn't so good at understanding what you are asking her/of her. Sometimes the results are humorous, but over time that novelty wears off and it just gets irritating.Also... The search engine is BING??? BING??? Really??? Why?!?!?!? Who actually uses BING?!?!?!Hey pssst... Amazon, one word... Google.Integration to lighting systems good. No real complaints there except when Alexia decides to randomly poo the bed because she can't understand what you are asking of her.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I was looking forward for the new 4th generation Alexa: promised better sound, better home integration, nice looking!  I bought the device to replace my 2nd generation Alexa device that we use in the kitchen/breakfast area.The device does have better sound playback overall. We use it primary for music.  But the device has several issues that make it worse than our ""old"" Alexa: (1) there seems to be a problem with the microphone. It does not capture the voice commands as good as the old device.  Sometimes we have to raise our voice so loud that the ""old"" alexa responds (and she is at the loft at the second floor!).  Most of the times, the commands do not come as intended.  I can hear from the playback of the commands in the history page that they are not as crisp as the ones recorded in the old device. (2) the smarthome integration embedded in the new alexa fights with our current smarthings hub all the time.  When scanning the sensors we see duplicates for most of them: one from the smarthing hub and another one from the alexa device.  Deleting the ones from alexa builtin smarthome hub fixes the issue.  The new alexa does have a better sound, but we resorted on swaping it for our ""old"" alexa instead and move the new alexa to the second floor, where it is rarely used."	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"21SEP2021: I wanted a smart device to control my home and answer my questions. Alexa on Echo uses Amazon's proprietary search engine. Google is the gold standard for search engines, in my humble opinion. Amazon's engine meets the level of aluminum; the most abundant metal on earth. The Echo device is very capable as far as the hardware is concerned. However, the software, and the search engine in particular, is junk. After 6 months, I quit. I must admit that I now own a very expensive voice activated switch system that understands me 50% of the time.19FEB2022: I am happier with Ziggy. His voice is more pleasing to my ears. I call him ""Computer"". I miss him when I'm away from home but have yet to find an affordable option so he can travel along with me. My smartphone won't keep Alexa running without quickly sucking the battery dry; even connected to power in the car. However, I am finding that the Alexa software is getting smarter and there are more skills and blueprints available now. I am hopeful that this trend will continue. Thank you devs!!"	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Searar is an odd shape for electronic device. It does not look modern. Audio quality is superb for the size. It’s a great idea to include the Zigby hub. However even Amazon is confused on what devices are supported to directly work with this device. I could not find sensors that reliably work with this echo fourth generation. Awara sensors don’t work, Amazons on ring sensors don’t work. It is a great product with an odd shape but Amazon still does not have the complete story on this yet. Best sensors use Seaver, but Amazon abandoned zwave in this echo. Sphere is an odd shape that does not match the modern angular/square decor. Sadly, I retuned mine.	3	February 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have 11 of these in my house and they used to be great.  Extra beeps started to happen some months ago and now when you wake the device it beeps at you in mid-sentence (I have that setting off on all).  Also, my kitchen Echo always attempts to play all music to Sonos, which I have disconnected (including the skill) more than 1 year ago. When it can't it errors and doesn't play any music at all. I have replaced the device with a new one and the new one does the same. The other devices do not do this Sonos attempt. Also, when I give a command 75% of the time the devices continue to talk about other subjects (""By the way....""). This is really awful.  There are other issues, but these are really annoying and fairly new (last year or so)"	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I just upgraded my five Echo gen 1 to gen 4. Sound quality is much better but amazon music unlimited doesn't work with multi room listening. It will work for 5 to 20 minutes then start glitching out badly. It worked fine with my gen 1 units. Pandora works fine. Tech support can't  figure out what is wrong i have spent quite awhile on the phone with them. I think it has to do with HD audio streaming to multi rooms but im told there is no way to turn off HD audio to the echos. If they fix the issue down the road Ill be very happy with the upgrade and would give 5 stars. Until then I am paying monthly for Music unlimited and tell Alexa to play from pandora whenever I want multi room music.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is good, and when it works it’s good. But this thing is so temperamental. When playing music via either Amazon prime, or Apple Music (the source does not matter), it will just stop. Sometimes several minutes in, sometime 40 seconds into the first song. It’s not an internet issue as other devices are fine, and there is no internet drop. I’ve also had it just start playing one song on loop. I also have it connected to fire TV so I can watch tv with sound coming out of the echo. It works, but again there are so many bugs. Often the remote becomes i operative and echo becomes unresponsive. Sometimes randomly their is just no sound and instead fire tv plays sound out of the tv speakers instead. And then randomly, echo will turn the tv on, when nothing is playing or requested. It’s so buggy that I’m about to throw it away. I have some other Alexa devices, Including a really early version before the echo dots (without built in speaker). One is in my garage and I have it plugged into an old stereo for sound. It works perfectly, streaming same music sources. So it’s not an internet connection issue. This echo is just not good software. These issues are all over google, and the answer is simply to have to unplug it and wait to reconnect to reset it. Doing this several times a day is not acceptable.	2	January 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Call me an old codger, but I bought this version thinking it would do something the half priced one wouldn't/couldn't.  Maybe it does, but I haven't figured out what that is yet.  I could have had 3 Echos instead, I have 2.	3	June 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	What a waste of money. I upgraded from a 2nd gen dot when Amazon offered me a good price on this one.  I waited weeks for delivery only to be charged the full price and received a device that seems to be deaf and lazy.  At least once or twice a day Alexa ignores my voice (it sits maybe 3 ft from my office desk) and randomly quits playing in the middle of a song.  No break in wifi, no interruption other than she just doesn't feel like doing it anymore.Total ripoff.	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I don't think this version hears as well as my version 2	3	July 12, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	No matter what I did, it would only set up connecting to my Sonos Arc. So I had to put my echo 2nd gen back in my bedroom and return the echo 4th gen. It was nice looking I can't comment on sound because it would only play stuff through my Sonos Arc which sounds very good. But I wasn't willing to spend $99 for something that would only alert me of packages being delivered. All of the other sounds timers and alarms would go through the Sonos Arc which it does by itself. I am disabled I can't fight with these devices to make them work correctly.	3	March 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Upgraded from a Echo Dot 3rd gen and I was hoping for better sound. I got way better sound over the Dot. It sounds so much better. I got a free ring light that uses this model as a hub and so far it has worked great together. Works fast when charging light settings.I also hit a few issues that seem like issues with this model. One issue that I have over the my Echo Dot is with Bluetooth. When connected it works great and never disconnects but the fight to get this echo to see my phone is a struggle. Saying ""Connect to my phone"" works rarely. On my Echo Dot its works more around 95% of the time. Once connected though there are no issues with sound or dropping. Second issue is that it seems harder to get it to respond to ""Alexa"". I end up saying it over and over getting louder each time till I feel like I'm yelling at it. Since its 2 feet away on my desk this seems a bit strange. Again the Echo Dot didn't have this issue.Edit: After using it more my Bluetooth issues are worse. I don't now if it's a hardware or software issue but I'm thinking of returning it now."	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"When you buy this product it's weight and circular design makes it not stable at all. It does have a screw in adapter on the bottom that some sort of stand can be inserted but associate did not mention nor was there anything written on the box it comes in to let you know and no ""stands"" near product to sell. Alexa at times does not get right response from your requests and has already fallen twice off a chair when using outside."	2	September 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Seems that Alexa's hearing problem is how she recognizes her name. If your voice does not sound very close to how you said her name when you trained her to hear you she does not respond. Re training your voice may help just keep in mind that when you do the training try to pronounce her name at different pitches and volumes so she recognizes you more. It helped me out some but not perfectly.  I think the microphones are under her felt covering making it a little harder for her to hear the correct pronunciation of her own name. That's my best guess.Ok I love Alexa devices. I have 6 various devices in my home.  But this newer echo does not impress me. First of all the voice recognition for me is terrible. I don't know where they hid the microphones but it rarely hears me and it sits about 3ft from me. The earlier version does a better job so much so that i put the last edition near me and the new one out in living room. The new one seems to hear better when farther away from you.As for the sound i like the 360 sound much better that the new directional front facing sound in the new echo. The new echo does have better mid range but the 360 just sounds better it the place i put it.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The main reason I bought this was for my husband. My husband has a hard time hearing when we use the TV built-in speakers especially when the show has music that is so loud it drowns out the voices. I hooked it up paired it through the Alexa app, and changed the preferred speakers to Echo, and still, the TV sound would not come out of the Echo. I called support and after she put me on hold several times, she came back and had me blue-tooth the Echo to the TV through the Settings menu. After that, the sound did come out of the Echo, but the sound quality is so quiet I had to turn the volume all the way up to hear it, which made it still not as loud as the TV speakers. With the volume all the way up, Alexa is extremely loud. I called tech support again to ask if there is a way to turn down just Alexa's voice so it is not booming. There is not. One more note...Echo Alexa does not always understand commands. You have to say, Alexa, turn on FireTV...because if you say Turn on the TV, it just says that feature is not available...or something to that effect. Pretty awful. Returning it.	1	October 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is not a premium speaker by any stretch of the imagination. The microphone is not good at all. It takes a few shouts to get it to know I'm speaking to it, and then it doesn't hear any of us clearly (our shopping list os now a guessing game) **And the fact that Amazon CALLED MY HOUSE ON A SATURDAY NIGHT without warning and sent me an email to ""talk about my review"" was very off-putting to say the least."	2	September 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	First of all why is it that my friends can ask the google assistant on their phone the same exact question that I ask Alexa and they get an in depth thorough response and i get nothing. Or i have to go find and download some skill in order to make her more knowledgeable on something when google is capable of finding the answer and reading it. I have the same problem with Siri on my iPhone, Siri and Alexa are both idiots in my opinion and rarely do they actually do what I ask or answer a random question i have like google does. I wish i had realized this sooner and ordered a google home device speaker or something other that Alexa. I love the ability to play pretty much whatever music i ask but that comes with a music subscription and that's the speakers job so again nothing really to brag about.	3	October 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The first generation Alexa has always been the best at everything.  Build quality is far superior	3	June 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	If the volume is more than half then voice recognition is not good. Sound quality is ok for the cost.	3	June 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is the third Echo we have owned. The other two are second generation ones. Those two are awesome and have just been moved to other areas of the house. This echo is by far the worst. Imagine having a bot that is like an unruly child. Never listening. Always having to have instructions repeated three or four times. You can stand two feet from this device and clearly annunciate your request and nothing. It will light up to its name but then it fails to do anything. Meanwhile devices in entirely different areas of the house spring into action. On the off chance this one actually responds be prepared for a wait of 30-60 seconds before it does anything. I am almost at a point of kicking this aptly shaped ball of electronic failures to the curb. Rubbish. Absolute rubbish.	3	November 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	So I bought this thinking Alexa would be able to easily integrate into my lights and for questions. But to be quite honest I'm mostly disappointed. I'll ask her questions and I get a lot of I'm not sure of that one. Or I don't know how to do that. Especially when I connected my lights she said lights are unable to turn off when they are clearly smart lights specifically designed for Alexa. It's quite frustrating.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	We have echo's all over the house.  Used them for years.  Our primary echo is in the kitchen which can be heard in the dining and living rooms.  Reading that the sound quality was so good, we decided to try this.  Well first, we didn't really like the looks.  Hard plastic rounded up the back and just not that good looking.  I know that is a personal choice.Now, if you are buying this for great louder sound, for anyone that has used echo's before, you know a echo remote is great for speaking to it and controlling the volume.The echo remote does not function on this and 4th gen devices which means we have to yell at the echo to try and do anything.  This is not only annoying and most of the time doesn't hear us but the loud requests are heard all over the house which lights up all the other echo devices.If you are close and want to control it manually, it sounds great but a little expensive.We sent it back and going for a 3rd gen echo but currently having problems with the echo remote on these devices.  If we want to use the remote we may have to  go back to our 2nd gen echo.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I've owned Echos since the original Echo Dot.  3rd Gen Echo had better microphone pickup I guess.  If it hears me at all while I'm facing away from the little gray ball of frustration it often gets what I say wrong.  Maybe it is a good thing that Alexa is losing her hearing in her old digital age.  At least I'm less worried about digital spying by Amazon.  Though it could just be a ploy.	2	September 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Streaming music only.. worked 1 year then would not play longer than 5 minutes.. shuts off, reset many times, new internet cable used… called help line.. nothing worked. Get longer warranty if buying this item	2	October 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I echo (ha) the sentiments of other reviews. For whatever reason, the microphone really struggled with me. Commands like ""Alexa, lights at 20% brightness"" or even ""Alexa, lights on"" often failed to register. And when they did, there were often multi second delays. I recently switched to the echo studio for the sound quality, and was surprised with its responsiveness in contrast to the gen 4. It barely drops commands and processes stuff swiftly, despite lacking the newer processor and other tech in the gen 4.As for the sound, well that part's subjective. I wasn't very into how bassy the tuning was, and how much audio processing there seemed to be. YMMV.I'm glad I didn't give up with the echo after my bad experience with the gen 4. Even my brief experience with the echo studio has painted clearly that Alexa is a capable and fast assistant-gen 4 just seems to be a poor hardware to support it. And judging by the recent barrage of low scoring reviews, I'm not alone."	2	May 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I just unboxed my 4th gen Echo an hour ago. I ordered the Charcoal color because it will sit on top of my home theater’s BLACK subwoofer. The first thing I noticed was that the charger and cord are white! That’s going to look just great snaking across the top of the subwoofer!!!I have places in my home where I want white devices with white cords but sometimes I need a black device with a black cord. What ever happened to “The customer is always right?” Would giving us a choice be such a hardship?My white 2020 Echo Show 5 came with a white cord. Perfect. My black 2018 Echo Spot came with a black cord. Perfect. My black 2016 1st Gen Echo came with a black cord. Perfect. How was I to know that all of a sudden Amazon was going to turn into Apple and make nothing but white adapters and cords?And on top of everything, I can’t even swap cords with one of my other devices because the little proprietary plugs are different sizes!You can see I’m pretty deep into Echo land but my brother just got a Google device which he says is great. And then there’s the fact of my iPhone, iPad, MacBook Air and Apple Watch. Maybe there are HomePods in my future?	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Plain and simple - this model starts talking when I don’t call for it, doesn’t do what I ask when I do call for it. It’s like it does not understand human voices or something. I traded up to get better sound and overall functionality, but it ended up being a level down from an old echo dot it replaced. Waste of money.	3	May 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I wouldn't buy any echo device again.  I have 4, one is this model. All of them are very glitchy about when they work. Sometimes alexa says it will play music and then nothing happens,  mostly it plays something completely different than what you say. It's so frustrating to have purchased something that works so terribly.  It got worse and worse as time goes on, I've had almost 2 months now and my window to return is over. I do not recommend purchasing an echo device.	2	September 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It vibrates the bass. Can’t have it turned up at all.	3	June 25, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"They design a device to look aesthetically pleasing to the eye as it sits on your counter or table. And then they send your Charcoal or Twilight Blue device with a white power cord. Pretty unbelievable that they did not color match the cord, especially since it needs to remain plugged in 100% of the time. Really disappointed. Returning three of these tomorrow. Google Home, here I come.FOLLOW UP - So I got a quick call and email from Amazon. But their response was even more disappointing. Here's the email:Hello, My name is Christian and I’m from Amazon’s Technical Support team. I'm sorry to hear about the issue/s experienced with your 4th Gen Echo, which prompted you to leave a critical review on Amazon.com. I tried to reach you over the phone, but unfortunately we didn't connect.  I understand you're rather concerned about the aesthetics of the white power cord. This was an intentional decision that we made so that the power cord could more easily blend in with white background (think drywall, etc.). Since we'd still like to offer you some options, you're free to purchase a replacement power adapter in black at the link below (your model takes 30 watts): https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079S8K1RPWhat a load of crap - This ""think drywall"" rationale makes sense if you have drywall that is painted white, which I can tell you, no one in the northeastern United States has. Amazon made the decision to throw a white cord in every box to save money on the non-white devices and/or get people to shell out another $20 for the color cord that should have been in the box. Really disappointing from Amazon and really shortsighted.2ND UPDATE - So, Amazon dropped the price on these by $30.00. I bought three of them, so I decide to stick with the Alexas despite the cord issue on the black. I call to get a price adjustment. Nope, you have to return all three and buy three new ones. Clearly Amazon is hoping this will be an impediment to customers trying to get the lower price. I say, that makes no sense because Amazon is going to have to eat additional shipping plus reboxing. Sales rep tells me, they have to do it that way because there are only so many at the sales price. Another customer service line of crap. So, in theory, they are going to take my $100 Alexas, put them on the side and sell them only after the sale. Doubtful.Overall, good product for the money. But terrible job by Amazon."	1	November 18, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Ordered the new Echo and it is much larger than expected. It's larger than a softball and not nearly as sleek as previous Echo units. It is VERY obvious in the room. The overall sound is much improved and its voice recognition seems on par with other Alexa devices. It has repeatedly disappointed me with its seeming inability to play Spotify playlists when specifically requested. Unlike previous Echo devices, it also seems unable to be used as a playback device from within Spotify, as the phone app continuously tries to connect with the Echo to no avail. Meanwhile, the music plays from my phone and all the other Echo devices that I own - from 1st-gen Echo to last-gen Dot - are available and ready to play the music. Just in the wrong room. A disappointment.	3	November 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this as an upgrade for the hockey puck I had that never heard me. This one does have better sound but I think it hears me even less. I keep it about two feet away from the bed and sometimes I have to shout more than once and I REALLY hate shouting! No wonder they removed the whole “whisper” commercial, huh!	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	So after trying them all, I've decided to return both the new 4th Gen Alexa Dot, the bigger Alexa Echo (in red), and all the smart bulbs in white (boring). My 3rd Gen dots are fantastic, and they're plugged into Edifier speakers, so there's literally nothing new or better for me in the 4th Gen. (Except red spheres are mod and cool.)Plus the new ones, especially the dot, are hard of hearing. And the dot is twice as large (vertically) as it was before, so I'll keep the 3rd Gen one I keep in my suitcase for dog sitting stayovers too. And the 4th Gen don't seem to have good audio jacks, because my Edifiers only play out one speaker, but work fine with the same cable on my 3rd Gen Dot.I did however upgrade my mood lights in my room with RGB smart bulbs, so now I can go purple or whatever color I want. In theory, I could program them to change hue according to the temperature outside, or the price of corn.I also saw that there's a battery base for the 3rd Gen dot, so I'll try that out. Turns it into a portable smart Bluetooth speaker! Perfect for staying at somebody else's house.I'm only bummed because the red orb is so pretty.	3	November 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I traded in my first generation Echo and Echo Plus for a fourth generation Echo in black and another one in white.  Like: The new model sounds better than both of my previous Echoes.  I sat them side by side and played a song with plenty of bass at the same volume level.  The new model was louder and produced deeper bass.  I prefer the sphere over the cylinder and the fabric cover over none at all.  The internal temperature sensor is a nice addition as is the Zigbee hub.Dislike: This latest version has A LOT of trouble hearing me even when I'm in the same room it's in and the room is quiet.  In fact, sometimes my third generation Echo Dot hears me despite it being in the adjacent room.  I frequently have to repeat myself or raise my voice before the new model hears me.  This was never the case with the devices I traded in.  I read somewhere the latest Echo has just 4 microphones instead of 7.  What a shame.  I really hope Amazon corrects this issue for the fifth generation Echo.  Finally, I hate that the black unit came with a white power cord.  They should match.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Works well for a smaller bedroom but can have trouble hearing your voice if you call Alexa in a lower normal voice.Alexa definately needs YouTube music integration. I already had playlists set up and feel like I'm being forced to use other apps like Amazon music unlimited to have the same access.Bluetooth works fine for music but would be nice for it to have low latency bt features so you can use the good audio quality for an alternate tv audio source without the delay when watching a movie or show.Pretty satisfied but I think this should have been no more than 49.99.	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The awesome sound of this new Echo is perfection. The audio is superb. That being said, all the reviews about the “new” microphone sensitivity are true. The mic is awful. She hears 50% of the 100% requests. I really wish they could figure this out, I’m sick of spending money on an awesome upgrade and a horrible downgrade.FIX THIS AMAZON	3	April 29, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	After having use this device for about a year it stopped  connecting to Amazon servers.  After several hours of attempting the various fixes shown on the web to reconnect Internet, I contacted Amazon the following day and discovered that Amazon had without notice or consent transferred my device serial number to an unrelated persons account making the device unusable for me. Over the past several days I have tried to get a response to fix this or simply send a new device but Amazon has yet to contact me back with a solution.  Obviously that’s the problem because it makes the device completely unusable. But it also raises legitimate security and privacy concerns about how a device could be transferred to another account and why there was no process for providing notification and consent to approve such transfer. This seems to be a serious problem, that concerns me given that I have numerous Amazon devices.I encourage other customers to ask questions regarding their security and ability to protect the devices from being transferred before they purchase.  I will update if Amazon solves this problem and identifies how it happened.	2	March 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I'm at the point where I have some variant of Echo in almost every room in the house, representing several generations of these products. I can say the sound is a big step up from the last generation Echo, but the microphones are a tremendous disappointment. Compared to the prior generation, it doesn't register my voice commands nearly as much and, when it does, it seems to have a higher error rate. I've tried to compensate by moving the device around or just rotating it at different angles, and the problems still exist. I'm seeing some similar comments in the reviews, so I have to conclude that Amazon just ""dropped the ball"" on this one (hilarious, I know.).Would not recommend. Instead spring for an Echo Studio (if you have the spot for a larger speaker) or an Echo Show 8 (if you don't mind the screen), as that model also has really nice sound but does not have the same microphone problems as this model. Or just wait until generation 5.EDIT: Amazon customer service (best in business, no doubt) called and tried to troubleshoot the device a bit. Doing a factory reset seemed to help slightly, but there is just no way this device hears me as well as previous generations or the other Echo iterations that I own."	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I'm elated with this product. The sound quality is a remarkable improvement over the third generation ""dots."" However, after the first week of continuous use (I keep Alexa busy!), here are some things I noticed, all of which don't spoil my experience with this device.--The microphone to alert Alexa is near the base. So trying to make a request from above the device will not get a reply. This dot is placed by my bedside, but I've elevated it on two books, to make the microphone easily usable.--For those of us who are unable to use a hand-held device, we can't change the settings with any available app for computers--there apparently aren''t any--so we'll use this dot in ""default"" settings. So when I try to bring some music to a dot in one room (I have three third-generation dots besides this ""advanced"" dot), I get an offer by Alexa to switch the music from one device in another room, to the device I'm making the request from, but it never works--either Alexa turns the music off in the other room, or she's unable to turn it off, but nonetheless, I get no music from the dot I'm closest to! So I'm downgrading this to three dots--If the engineers can make an app for computers, I'll raise the rating accordingly."	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I don’t want my “smart device” to do anything except what I ask.  If I ask it for the current outside temperature, just give me the temperature.  I don’t need a “by the way, I can also help you with ____”.  This terrible feature can’t be turned off and is so frustrating it makes me just not want to use the device as it happens way too often.  Also the sound quality is ok except the bass is way too high.  Even with the bass turned all the way down it’s too much bass!  I feel guilty playing music in my apartment building because I feel like my neighbors can hear it.	2	July 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I like the way it sounds. I really do. But the problem is, I can't even use it to listen to music at all. The problem traces back to very poor voice recognition.While you're playing music through the device, you may want to ask Alexa to control your home. But it can't hear you use the wake word at all. So I chose to have it connect to my old Creative Bluetooth speaker, which I have been using with Alexa since my old 2nd gen Echo dot from years ago. Sad really.But even with that Bluetooth speaker, the recognition of the wake word is so unstable. Sometimes I'm having a conversation on the phone or have the TV on (quite a bit of yards away at the opposite side of the room actually), it thinks it heard ""Alexa"", when really no one and nothing said it. I have no idea.Meanwhile, when I actually want to trigger it and I'm actually saying ""Alexa"", it's a hit or miss; either it won't react and I'll have to say it two or three more times, or it will actually work. It works about half the time. When it doesn't work, sometimes I have to scream ""Alexa"" louder and louder just to trigger the wake word. Sometimes it has to be so loud that my throat gets sore just from screaming the wake word.And in my experience, these frustrations I'm having are unique to this Echo 4th generation. I've also owned and used the Echo Dot 2nd Generation (which sounds awful on its own but see my comment about Bluetooth speaker above), and the Echo Dot 3rd Generation. Personally, I wish I just stuck with the Echo Dot 3rd Generation. At least that one only got mistriggered (is that a word? Lol) whenever there was an Alexa ad on the TV.Overall, if you already own an Alexa device, I highly recommend you stay away from this because it'll feel like a downgrade."	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Hi, my name is klaw. I am fine, how are you?I'm returning the echos i bought. They arrived not but an hour ago. Futility is the mantra when it comes to the set up and pairing of these two thingies. The end result is no device pairing and an hour of wasted time.  Time which probably would have been more enjoyably spent staring at the wall. Try wall staring if you have not!! It's much more enjoyable than trying to set up echos! lol. Imho, the echo is horrible.Please pass this feedback on to the manufacturer: ""The echo is a LAME, and intolerable device whose insolence should not be tolerated. It is a de-evolutionary system and therefore a total step back from previous versions. I am returning both echos i bought after an hour of futility spent attempting to set them up. You should abandon this version and give them away gratis to people who enjoy bad technology.""Note to potential  echo buyers out there: If you are into music and are desirous of a new system, do yourself a favor and buy yourself a sonos. Or multiple soni (sp?) I already have sonos and the set up is a breeze.  It's like uncorking a bottle and watching spellbound as Barbara Eden floats out. Truth.I was lured into trying this ""next gen"" echo because of the bargain basement pricing. There is a reason for this. An hour of my billable time is far more valuable than the price of the echo, and since I'm in the tech industry for a living, I don't need the aggravation of battling yet another system in my spare time.These speakers should deploy and set up almost ""automagically"" since they have the weighty support of Amazon's legions of engineers to back up the design. This is not the case. These speakers should bear a big red label reading ""Warning Lame Tech Inside. Proceed at your own risk. Perhaps you would be better off staring at the wall.""Thank you.This has been a public service announcement."	1	February 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Wish for the price, it would respond better than the other echo devices. It's the worst. This is in my kitchen, it spends most it's time giving long winded definitions to words, instead of just giving the weather or playing music. It's a gift best for people who annoy you.	3	May 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I now have 3 of these. That's right, I didn't learn my lesson after the first one!As for the sound, it is good. The bass is deeper than my old echo and sounds a bit over processed, but it's fine. I can easily listen to music which is what I use the Echo for primarily.As for the microphone, like others have stated, it is horrible!!! My son has an Echo dot in his room. We had the Echo 2nd gen in our bedroom. There are times I will be standing next to the 4th gen slowly screaming at it. It will just spin, stop, spin, stop, and then play something totally incorrect. I will walk into my bedroom on the other side of the house and my 2nd gen will be doing exactly what I was trying to get this one to do! It does okay in totally silent rooms. As soon as there is any sound at all, good luck!	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My old Echo Dot second generation had a clearer sound and better voice recognition than this model. I thought it would improve with some equalizer tweaks but it was just okay and only stays for a minute.Voice recognition only is successful if I am standing within 5-6 feet or if I yell.I need to see if I can get my old one back or new model or I don’t know. I’m sure Amazon will help me figure this out.	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this for one reason only--to listen to music--specifically Amazon music.  You'd think that was a no brainer, I mean Amazon Echo, Amazon Music, what could go wrong?  I AirPlayed Amazon music for years through my Apple TV, until Apple dropped the Toslink connection from the 4K TV, making it impossible to play it directly through my receiver without having to turn on my TV.  Amazon has this on sale, so why not give it a try? 20 minutes--that's about all I can get from the echo before it decides to stop playing and I have to reboot the echo by unplugging and re-plugging the power cable.--I can't even get Alexa to reboot herself.  I bought a sound bar with HDMI passthrough and went back to Apple TV.  I guess if you want to have a conversation with Alexa, maybe this is the device for you.  C'mon Jeff, you guys can do better than this.	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had an Echo Dot for a little over a year with little trouble. I recently upgraded to the Echo for the premium sound. After about a month I’m quite disappointed. Voice recognition is not nearly as accurate as the Dot. It comes on without a wake up more often than the Dot. Does not understand requests as accurately as the Dot and starts playing random music when asking it an unrelated question. I literally almost smashed it once because it WOULD NOT listen to anything I was asking, it would just say,”Ok, here’s music by____”.  The ONLY advantage of the Echo over the Dot is the sound is slightly better but not $50 better. Overall the Echo should not sell for more than $50-60.	3	December 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My beef with this product is as follows:1) despite multiple people requesting it, Amazon refuses to create the ability to turn off Alexa saying “Now connected to [your name]’s” iPhone whenever you connect a device2) Alexa will randomly say something to you even though you didn’t give her a command. Super creepy that it’s always listening + has so many issues with thinking you gave her a command	2	September 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is barely adequate when listening to music.  Voice recognition is good.	3	June 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Pensé que el sonido era mucho mejor	3	June 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had a first generation Echo that I exchanged to get this new echo. To my disappointment this one doesn’t listen well AT ALL. The sound quality it top notch, but her voice recognition and listening is terribly sub par.I’ve used it in 3 different spaces and that has made little difference. The only time she responds consistently is when I’m within 4 feet or really yell.In fact, my two echo dots ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE HOUSE respond more consistently to me than this one does. I was literally 10 feet away from this echo and asked it to set a timer and both of my other echos (which have walls and hallways between me and them) responded to me and the one that had a clear line of sight and sound, didn’t even engage.If you’re looking for excellent sound, this will get the job done. If you’re looking for another child that doesn’t listen and often misunderstands what you said, this will also get the job done.I’d get the smaller echo dot clock before I’d get this, if my mom or grandma were to ask my opinion.	1	October 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Impressive sound but Alexa has to be the absolute worst voice assistant out there. I subscribe to Amazon music but for some reason when I request songs from my library it either plays Iheart radio or I truly have to be excessively specific. Even then it's hit or miss. Great sound worst voice recognition on the market.	3	April 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Delivery was slow especially when I could buy at Best Buy but couldn’t get a timely delivery from Amazon! Voice recognition is not the best.  You have to line up to the device and also be fairly close.  Sound is a little (tenny) sounding.  I think the sound is better on my original Echo  version1.	3	April 12, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa was having a hard time understanding me, and people could barely hear me using the communication functions, even if I was extremely close to the echo. Also, this is subjective, but I think the sound quality for music is not great. It has a lot of bass, and a lot of treble, but they don't mix together well. It seems like whenever a song gets to a part with with mostly higher frequencies, the bass just drops out, it's very distracting. I tried messing with the equalizer, but I never could get it to sound right. Not really a fan of the whole sphere thing either, but that's also subjective. I'm just sticking with echo dots from now on, they may be lacking in bass, but at least they have a cohesive sound, and a microphone that actually works.	2	June 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	You will be repeating yourself alot to get this devices attention.  The sound quality is just about OK. The only positive I can find, is that I didn't pay full price for it	2	October 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I replaced a several year old cylinder style Echo with a new 4th gen (the old one died). This version is worse in pretty much every way. Specifically, the voice recognition is way worse. I frequently have to issue a command several times, with the key seeming to be artificially lowering my (male) voice, and making sure I leave a slight pause between ""alexa"" and the command. I was impressed with the previous Echo's recognition and came it rely on it for controlling lights and more. This version is often frustrating to use. I would not buy this again. A friend of mine has this same version and has the same problem.The sound quality is pretty subjective, but this version has more bass, but doesn't actually sound any better. Music is listenable, but still pretty poor--similar to before. I turned down the bass in the EQ to make it more balanced.The volume buttons are also worse than the old rotating control. The lights on the bottom are harder to see than the old ones on top (especially when changing volume and looking directly down). Aesthetically it looks OK, but ""stands out"" more and takes up more space, so the old style was more practical."	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I replaced my old Pringles-can Echos with the new ball-style, and while they may look better and resist getting knocked over by my cat, they seem to have gotten worse at basic things like language comprehension. If I listen to the same 3 podcasts weekly, and I ask to hear the latest episode of one of those podcasts, how can Alexa constantly misunderstand and play some obscure podcast I've never heard before? Other times, I ask the Echo to do something basic like telling me the time, the blue light comes on for a second, but Alexa never says or does anything, not even ""Sorry, I didn't understand you."" The old Echos never did that.The real kicker, though, is the execrable ""by the way"" feature, which constantly asks me if I want to use some ability that I'm not interested in. I find myself actually getting mad and swearing at Alexa when she asks me if I want to try some inane, useless skill. If anyone at Amazon is actually listening to what I say to my Echo, then I apologize for my salty language. But if you continue to annoy me rather than assist me, then I'm going to move from swearing at my new Echos to throwing them in the trash and switching to Google's platform."	2	December 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It would seem the only way to turn off ads is to cripple the device.  It's a shame, because otherwise this would be handy in my life.  As it is I find myself frustrated with it quite a bit.  It's like having a stranger chime up in my living room every once in a while about things they want to rip me off with.Great for timers, though that is very limited as well.I guess I would call the device 'smart lite'.  It reminds me of back when streaming was locked up by only a few companies and the interfaces really sucked.  At least that got a little better over the years, like skip options, etc. Alexa in it's current state feels crippled, crippled because Amazon can, not because it has to.As a device it's a single speaker so limited in it's application and basically a really expensive paper weight when the internet goes down or the amazon servers go down.	2	April 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love that I can bridge to my blinds but other than that I think it stinks. It fails to hear half my commands and gets them incorrect more often than not if it hears me. I have moved it out of my living room and returned my Echo Dot (3rd Gen) to the living room and put it in my least used location	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s good for alarms , reminders ,  not so good at integrating with YouTube, Spotify !	3	June 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Pros:- Buen sonido.- Excelente integración con Alexa.Cons:- Hace falta que tenga la mayoría de servicios de música disponible, principalmente YouTube Music.- El servicio de traducción la falta mejoría en comparación a Google.- Cuando se habilita el modo bilingue en inglés y español, hay ciertos lapsos que Alexa se confunde, debería estar preparada para cuando detecte inglés sólo conteste en dicho idioma, al igual en español. En alarmas, recordatorios...- Deben activar el modo Ad Guard para el resto de regiones, mi compra era principalmente para el uso de esa funcionalidad, y lamentablemente no está activo.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded from a 1st generation Echo to 4th generation to use the internal temperature sensor to control fans. The temperature control functionality is unuseful. It seems to require the temperature to cross the setpoint before triggering an action. For example, if the temperature setpoint is 75 degrees and its 76 degrees, the action will not trigger. It only triggers when the temperature drops below 75 degrees and then increases back to 76 degrees. This is useless logic for temperature controllers, but apparently a legacy problem. I rated two stars because this amounts to false advertising. Otherwise I have been using Echos for years and I am satisfied with most capabilities.I also tried integrating a Hubitat controller with Alexa to send a virtual switch. Unfortunately Alexa routine triggers are limited to schedule and temperature sensor. Alexa will not allow the virtual switch as a trigger.12/20/20 Update:Amazon tech support called me after reading this review. They suggested including all devices in the routine which didn't fix the issue. We also tried deleting and adding back the routine. We tried a schedule trigger instead of a temperature trigger which did work. Basically temperature routines don't work. Today I successfully paired an external zigbee temperature sensor. Temperature based routines still don't work.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Great but I bought this to replace a 3rd gen that died. However, 90% of the time. When playing music as part of a group with my existing 3rd gen, constantly fails to start playing or if it does, stops playing after a few songs.It's super frustrating to say the least. Have considered changing my 3rd gen out but seems ridiculous that it would have such trouble syncing a 4th gen with the 3rd gen.	3	February 19, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had an Echo 2 for about 5 years and it stopped working suddenly.  I bought this and expected better sound, it isn’t as crisp.	3	May 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	love the sound. Do not like the fact if you don't ask her a question within a certain amount of time,the music stops! When the music starts again,it is the same playlist. you need to mix up the playlists. Classic Rock,Hair Metal,80s rock,etc. always the same playlist. Need to mix it up.	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I am hearing impaired so I use a Bluetooth link between my Echo and my TV. The speaker is placed near my hearing ear so I don't have to blast the internal TV speaker. But what I don't like - the echo rarely responds to voice queries. I ask a question and it will be answered by my echo show in another room, 40 feet away. Very very annoying.	3	March 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Did they not test this product before mass production?? The sound is just overkill bass even when turn down bass in settings.  Have to repeat yourself several where maybe she will hear you then it's another thing of she hears you correctly. Very very disappointed. They majorly dropped the ball on this. The previous models were way better than this one as far as function and sound. Shame on the designers on this and on the people that approved this model. Buy gen 3 or wait and hope they do waaaaay better on gen 5. Which they should send out free to all the people that wasted their hard earned money on this model.	2	July 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have owned pretty much every generation of echo dot. This time I wanted to upgrade to see if the sound is really better. And it is! This speaker is great for playing music. The mic to wake up and voice recognition is also great.There is one major flaw why I returned the item. If you set a volume loud enough to hear Alexa well it will blow you away when you play music. If you turn it down so the music is not waking up the neighbors it is simply too low to hear Alexa. The echo dot is way better balanced. I wish there was a volume setting for voice and music.	3	December 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The app is clunky. If you have a ""household"" prepare for a nightmare when you want to set up audio by room or everywhere if not everyone lives in the same house despite different accounts.Devices don't connect simultaneously (i.e. turn lights on) and audio splitting is laggy. Connects to my phone, but doesn't always make calls from it when I ask-- its capable, its done it, it just doesn't ALWAYS do it even with an exact command.Can't get it to connect to my Bluetooth stereo, won't connect to my tvs even though it can find them. Can't always control my firesticks and she says they don't exist under voice command but can control from app.Other than that-- the device itself has excellent audio quality-- I'm picking it over my 5.1 stereo half the time. Blueprints are dope for getting her to say whatever I want as long as I can figure out a proper phonetic spelling. Its a cool gadget, just doesn't deliver all as promised.I have a lot of hair ripping moments, and a lot of future is now moments with this device. I see the potential, its just taking a lot more tweaking and tech know-how than I expected."	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	So I have 5 different echo devices in my house from several different generations of the device evolution.  This one by FAR under performs on voice recognition!  Looking at the history I can see that it recognizes the wake word but fails to understand the command.  All of the other echos in the house don’t have this problem.Other than that it’s fine for a speaker just like all the others.	2	August 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Seriously, this is a lovely speaker. It sounds excellent. If you can get it to hear you, you’ll love the sound.We often have to prompt it, 3-5 times, while the echo dot and plus in the other room have no problem hearing us. Very frustrating…My wife wants me to get rid of it, but I really want to keep the sound quality and thermometer.	2	August 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	When up the volume to the max Turns off	3	June 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	SHE WILL NOT SHUT UP! She has to  randomly scream and remind me what she is connected to. Why why why! This is when on silent mode. Sound is good and has more features Thant google mini but my mini is easier to use, better voice recognition, AND it keeps its mouth shut unless I want it to talk. Countless complaints about this and Amazon does nothing. Sound and deign are much nicer though. Too bad it doesn’t matter when I want to toss out my window	2	August 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	To start off, as an Echo it functions great like you would expect and others I have had before it.Unfortunately, It is very big and very ugly.  It is like a cloth looking ball.  Who wants that in your living room to see all the time.  The best was the 2nd gen, it is a short cylinder and I have the walnut dark brown version.  It looks good to have in a living room.  The 4th gen ball does not.  It won't even fit where I have my current one.  A very poor design decision.  Took off 2 starts for that.	3	December 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Don't get fooled by the ""Premium Sound"" designation and pay the extra $$.It's not worth it. The sound is muddy and dull. No real high frequencies and no real bass. It's all just a midrange blur. If you just looking for Echo functionality, save yourself some cash and get the regular version.And the setup is a  bungling mess. It keeps giving me error messages, while at the same time it does obey commands.I also wish it was weather-proof, but that's just a wish...Anyway, I'm not happy. It may have to go back..."	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I got these a few years ago for surround sound for my tv. They worked ok for a month or so and would randomly disconnect so I stopped using them for that purpose and used them for multi room sound. It was fine for a while and they would disconnect occasionally but now they won't connect at all. I spent 2 hours trying to fix the issue myself before contacting support then nearly 2 more hours with support and still no resolution. They said they would contact me in 5-7 business days so who knows...My other issues with the devices are that they never seem to understand anything I say. I had the old echo dots and had very few issues with them understanding me. One would assume the newer more expensive devices would work better, right? with these I commonly get the response ""I'm sorry, I didn't get that"" or ""something went wrong."" My favorite was when I asked to turn the lights down and Alexa played me the song Mr Grinch. When I ask to adjust the thermostat she will either play some random song or tell me that I'm 2.2 miles from the city I live in. Other voice commands give equally random results.Also, one of my devices started reporting the room temperature in °C instead of °F out of the blue one day. If I asked for the outside temp or the other rooms temp, it would respond in °F, but the room I was in was °C. I spent 2 hours with support resetting the device, adjusting settings and restarting the router before giving up and swapping that device for one in another room.If you want a device that doesn't do what it's advertised to do and does do random stuff when you ask for something, then this is the device for you."	2	January 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I had essentially the same problems with the prior generation full sized echo with hub, and decided to return it for a refund.  I've had this unit for more than 6 months, but just now getting tired of it's deficiencies and decided to write a review. First off, the smart hub features seem to work fine. My issues are with voice recognition and audio quality. It's pretty crappy.I have a same generation Echo Dot across the room. Often if I'm standing immediately next to this larger Echo hub and say something to it, it doesn't respond, but the one 20 feet away across the room does. Sometimes I can make 2 back-to-back requests, standing next to the unit with my mouth facing it, and with the same voice volume - one of the requests will be answered by it and the other will be answered from the unit 20 feet away.I do not believe it is simply ""confusion"" between the two units.  Before I had the Dot, I would have experienced the hub unit simply not responding to my voice at all.Audio quality is terrible - I have a house full of Echo's including a 1st generation Echo.  It is very muffled, like if you turned up bass to the max, and treble to the min. It's almost as if it simply doesn't produce ANY high frequencies.  My same generation Echo dot, and 1st generation Echo sound FAR better. My Dot w/clock sounds fine.  but this unit, just like the prior edition hub sound like they are under a pillow.  and yes, I have adjusted bass down and treble up...tiny bit of improvement but it still sucks."	2	April 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was hoping the sound would have the highs and lows of a premium speaker. Unfortunately, there is plenty of lows with a powerful base sounds but not much on the highs provided by the tweeters.  Also, despite the fact that I have single use music unlimited, it doesn’t recognize consistently provided this unlimited music subscription on the speaker, despite the fact it’s the only speaker in use, I also have a dot and show.l. Overall, if your looking for an Alexa driven speaker with premium sound.  This isn’t the one unless you just are listening the music lows.	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"It seems like years ago the ""announcement"" feature would work as good as it used to. (We use this often in our household to talk to each other.)  We will say announce and it will not hear us sometimes but usually we will say ""Alexa, Announce, The book is on the shelf ready for pickup"" and Alexa will announce ""The book"" or ""The book is"". Also the audio quality is not as good I feel like as even when we do get our full statement across the quality is bad and we cannot hear it.  Maybe the developers are compressing the audio to much???"	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The 3rd gen was amazing. Mic could hear and understand from basically anywhere in my apartment. The Mic on the 4 is constantly not even hearing me. The sound is still decent and deep, but no where close to where it was with the 3rd gen. I’m honestly ready to get rid of it completely as I get more out of a Bluetooth speaker at this point. It’s upsetting the Echo fell this far.	2	August 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	So I mainly use mine as an alarm clock and for music. The software used to work seamlessly with my iPhone and PC with my third gen alexa. This one is more janky sometimes annoying to get it to play what I want it too. For alarm purposes works perfectly just kinda upset that I upgraded and got something worse. Plus whit power cable is kinda ugly. It looks and feels cheap.	3	February 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	For some reason every so often it has a high pitched e buzz and I have to unplug it for a bit. Then I plug it back in and it’s fine for awhile	3	May 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have this Alexa device in my room and I keep the first version in my restroom. Let me tell you that the quality of sound is good but every time I call for ‘Alexa’ it doesn’t listen. And it can be next to me and it won’t listen to my commands. The 1st generation Mini echo can listen to me and I don’t have to be repeating myself, cost me $15 3 years ago and it still is better quality than this brand new one, it’s disappointing.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t pay $99 for this speaker you can find this for $60 at many retailer’s. It is better than the previous version but not by much. The design is nice like a ball 👍 unfortunately two weeks after I got this I picked up the Belkin SOUNDFORM™ elite Alexa speaker so unfortunately this one was retired to the garage lol. My recommendation for the next generation of Alexa would be to have a charging dock or cradle to the next design or at least a USB out. My recommendation🙏	3	January 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Good sound quality	3	June 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Still trying to program.	3	June 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this specifically to get a certain radio station in our living room as the 1990s receiver no longer works for radio. This was far cheaper than replacing the receiver. It frequently misunderstands my commands. It knows my voice, but does really weird things instead of what I want. It isn't terrible, but it is just okay. I can get my radio station. I have used it for some reminders. I suppose it is learning and I am also.	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	the speaker works sometimes it doesnt respond after it sits looking for supporting motion sensors still that are for outside that work with zigbee. support poor imo	3	May 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	We bought the echo about 6 months ago.  We were impressed with the sound quality of the echo, the depth of sound is pretty good.However!  The quality of the sound is moot when you can’t get the device to actually play music.  This is the most glitchy device I have ever purchased.  We’ve had issues from the beginning.  I would have to reconnect it to the wifi almost daily, sometimes restarting my router just to get the stupid thing to reconnect, even though every other device in the home was connected.Ok, maybe there was something wrong with the signal of our router, so we purchased google routers and placed them all over our house to broadcast the signal better.  I guess that worked because we haven’t had Alexa tell us she’s not connected to the internet anymore.  But NOW she just won’t play music whenever she doesn’t feel like doing it.  In order to get the echo play music nowadays we have to unplug it for a minute and then plug it back in and that will last for a while. If we have music playing in the background for a couple of hours, you can tell when it needs to be unplugged and plugged back in because it will just decide to stop playing music for no reason.Would have returned it right away and given it one star if the sound quality was garbage.  But my husband is willing to put up with it because while it’s working, after all the screwballing around to get it to work, it sounds great.	2	May 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	First off, I’m still a bit upset my first Echo plus ironically went out a couple weeks after the warranty expired. I am not a fan of the bigger footprint and round ball design. I liked the cylindrical design way better as it had a smaller footprint. The ugly white cord is way too short so you’ll probably need an extension cord depending on if and where your going to mount it. As other reviewers say, it does have a problem hearing it’s “wake up” name here and there but not often enough to annoy us yet. The sound is a bit better than my old unit but we don’t use it for music. Overall its ok, if you need a hub it’s probably the cheapest way to go.	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have several echo devices, all models.  New Gen4 arrived and setup,  but unable to set alarm sound to what I want, it's stuck to default tone.Worked with support to:  unplug/restart; reset echo gen 4;  uninstall alexa from iphone and ipad; log out of alexa on iphone.  nothing lets me change it.Tried changing from web, iphone, ipad as well, so it's not iOS related on app side.  Has to be physical device imo.All other echo devices working fine, can change alarms or default alarm to any I want, just this new echo stuck on default sound.  Ticket opened for engineering.	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I really love the good bass sound from this device. Alexa is great. Added Amazon Music Unlimited so music listening is great. Also love the ability to receive calls from other Echo users or people using their mobile phones, and likewise to call other Echo devices and mobile phones. The major drawback with this product is that the music volumes aren't normalized between songs. The volume can drastically change between songs. This is a major flaw.  It isn't a good music listening experience.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 3 alexas. My 3d generation picks up better in another room that this one does. I bought the better of this stile and very disapointed. They put in a bigger speaker and took away from other part insted of making a kick ass unit. I guess that is big corp. They saved 25cents and lost a customer. Good job I say. Now the thing is not playing right. I got it 9 months ago. Maybe the gen 3s where working to good so they made it to break down. I am going to prob buy a google one and give this one away. If I can get it working. I it sucks because I really like alexa and my gen 3 is a bad ass unit. It might have  been just to good.	3	September 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The product turns itself on at 3:30 am not sure why !	3	May 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The hub is supposed to allow light control when internet is out or resetting. It does not, all other devices are connected to the Echo 4th gen hub, the lights are, but if internet  is out all i get is there is no internet and all the fricken lights stay on. IF power goes out ALL lights ocme on an i cant voice control until router connects to internet that main is connected too.I was lied to that it would work with the specific bulbs when the internet is disconnected. Does not work same as the old echo plus.	3	November 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	First impression: why on earth would Amazon pair a white power cord to a black speaker?? At the very least, give customers a cord color option; for me, my intended placement was a black granite counter btwn my kitchen and family rm, so no opportunity to conceal. Why should I have to pay $20-30 extra for a color-matched cord? Never has been an issue for past Echo devices, of which I have MANY... 14 I thinkSecond: I've grown fond of the cylinder shape, not a fan of this spherical shape; it might make sense if the sound was not front-firing, but sadly is. I could grow accustomed to that if not for the white cord, which Hubby said he could paint, but why should that even need to be a consideration? Besides, my plan was to add a 2nd one as well and, if they failed, alterations would negate the ability to returnLastly: I have 2 charcoal Gen 3 Echos on that same counter; they have black cords, sound really grea! and look great. The last straw was that the sound quality from this 4th Gen was underwhelming; if it was supposed to be a big improvement over the Gen 3s, they definitely missed the mark and it's surely not worth the sacrifices I'd make in appearance. ReturningP.S. To the engineers, please take note! It doesn't matter how much you improve the sound quality - if you also degrade the appearance exponentially it's NOT going in my house. I doubt I'm alone on this...	2	June 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was excited about this new Echo.  I was especially excited to be able to trade in my old model to this new one.  The sound is great BUT it doesn't recognize my husbands voice AT ALL.  Also we had a routine and I tried to recreate it for the new one.  It won't recognize the routine.  It took me 2 hours to figure out how to set up a routine.  I tried to get support but it continues to get me to on-line stuff and you cannot talk to anyone.  I wish I had never upgraded.  If I could go back I would.UPDATE:An amazon representative called me and the young man was so very nice.  He helped me resolve the issues above quite easily. Sent a long detailed email on what to do.  I now will say that I would purchase again.  I upgraded the review to a 3 and switched between a 3 & a 4 but settled on a 3 because it was a struggle to get to this point.  I would Recommend this dot.Thanks Sarah	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This was a gift. Set up was fairly easy. This could be a very useful tool-unfortunately, it does not integrate with my TCL Smart TV although it is supposed to. In fact, it doesn’t help with any of my electronic or electrical devices, lights, etc because mine are “standard” and not “Alexa-type”. So unless I invest quite a bit of money and alter what’s in place- This Echo is very restrictive in what it can do for me.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted a major competitor's version of this, but because that one didn't even offer Bluetooth and was about 230 more...so, after hearing an Echo (I think the one I heard was from earlier 2019..it was tall), I decided to buy one.  Firstly, though the sound is mediocre for its price point, it does not sound as great as the early 2019 one I heard.  This one sounds ok in a large bedroom, but fails miserably in a smaller bedroom (my craft room). There, it, literally, sounds like what it is...a small basic Bluetooth speaker.  Very treble!  I turned it off an connected my iPad back up to the Bluetooth stereo system instead.  I am going to keep it as it does integrate SiriusXM amongst others, but it will remain in the larger bedroom.  Setup was not terribly fun.  My daughter has a dot (those sound worse than this one) and anytime I told Alexa to do something, it went on HER echo...even though we were on opposite ends of the house.  I think this is made more to be used as a system throughout the house versus a more individual toy. I think I got it sorted out now, but there are still issues. It doesn't always respond and it does go out.  I've read it's a WiFi issue, but nothing else goes out when the echo goes out.  My daughter loves hers (she's 16), but she's addicted to music subscription services.  Would I buy it if I had to again?  Probably not.  I'm not too much into this smarthome  technology.  I'm more into sound quality...if the competitor's had Bluetooth, it'd be sitting here instead of the Echo.	2	December 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Often feel like l'm talking to a rebellious child, as it doesn't seem to listen well.  Ask it how many songs are in your current play list & it sends you to some weird alt rock Amazon station.	3	April 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	FOR ONE IT DOES'NT DO MUCH OF ANYTHING THAT SAVE TIMES AND IS REALY USEFULL, UNLESS YOU SPEND MORE MONEY BUYING OUTLETS SWITCH FOR EVERY LITTLE THINGS you want it to INTERACTS WITH ITS NOT ALL BAD BUT ITS FAR FROM BEING A GLORYFIED ATIFICAL INTEL BUT NOT REALLY FUNCTIONAL AND USERS FRIENDLY WHERE YOU WOULD THINK OF A COMPLETE SET SMART LIKE SYSTEM WHERE WE END UP SPENDING MORE MONEY FOR GETING LESS. BECAUSE ALONE Alexa is basically an incomplete clock ball IN NEED OF A SERIOUE MAKE OVER	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you are fully ingrained in the Amazon eco system, then maybe you'll enjoy this product, but you'd be better off just buying a higher quality Bluetooth speaker (that's portable) for the same price.It was given to me as a present and has been nothing but a pain. First it wouldn't activate, support said it had been returned and that I needed to purchase it in order to get it to work. After some annoying back and forth followed by me calling it quits and asking to return it, they finally activated it so I wouldn't hurt their bottom line. Added sportify, started playing some music, and was meh about it. They replace quality sound with an obnoxiously plastic sounding big thumping bass that drowns out the mids and highs even when turned all the way down.Went to use the speaker for a second time, and it will no longer connect to my Spotify, but will still play music/audio books through any of Amazon's services(hmmmm.....). Did all of the troubleshooting steps recommended by support, and still no luck.Not worth the money or hassle.	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The new Alexa is cumbersome to move around. You really can't hold it comfortably in one hand. The sound is somewhat improved , the quality of the sound is often the quality of the location the sound is heard in. I listen in my home or on the deck. So to compare it to the old one is tough. I can notice the bass a little more. The sound quality of the old Alexa was very good. Moving Alexa from point A to point B is a pain. Certainly there was a need to tweak the old Alexa. But to completely reconfigure/redesign the whole thing then require a base attachment for portability is perplexing. I love my Alexa and the music she brings into my life. It's too bad it's gotten more cumbersome for me to enjoy my music.	3	August 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a Google Nest Hub Max at the same time, and noticed the following:Sound quality: The Echo has better sound quality.Voice recognition: Google Nest Hub Max voice recognition is far superior, I often have to shout for the Echo to acknowledge my voice, even at short distances.Usability: Google Nest Hub Max is sooo much easier to use since it doesn't have all the regional restrictions that the Echo has, I can't even download the Alexa app in HK and had to use a VPN. Then even with the app set up, most of the skills don't work on the Echo with no explanation given, including flash briefings (I can only get the weather on the Echo, but can get the full list when using the Alexa app). Tech support was completely unhelpful. And even if I set Spotify as the default music provider, it almost always plays music from Amazon Music instead.I guess users in the US may have a better experience, but due to compatibility issues here in HK I can just about use it for playing music. Conclusion: Just buy the Google Nest to save yourself some grief.	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I recently bought a Muse headband with an app that I connect to my Amazon Echo. When the headband detects I've woken up in the middle of the night, it connects to BT and starts play sleep sounds to get me back to sleep. Unfortunately, every time the Echo connects to BT it announces very loudly ""Connected to iPhone!"" which startles me. I've done research and there have been complaints since 2016 of this but Amazon is not listening to their customers. There is no way to change it. Even if announcements are set to off and brief mode is on.Unfortunately, that meant I have to return and get a Google Nest Audio, which meant if I really want to use the Muse headband I have to switch my smart home to Google. All I can say is if you want some peace with the BT feature on a smart speaker, get the Google Nest Audio. It's much better. It will play a soft connection sound. It's a hassle changing everything but makes a world of difference, and I am now happy overall with a company that pays attention to its customers."	2	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	trato de hacer sonar todos mis dispositivos al tiempo, pero no se porque el bendito aparato se conecta a otra red que tengo configurada, pero lo saco de ahí, lo coloco en la red que quiero y cuando trato de hacer sonar todos los aparatos al tiempo cambia de red, creo que hay una oportunidad para mejora, que independiente de las redes, si mi aparato esta configurado con mi ID de Amazon, sin importar la red, deberían todos sonar al tiempo, ya otra cosa es que Spotify por ejemplo, lo permita, pero eso también tiene solución.Con respecto al sonido, cuando se combinan este con el echo dos de 4th generación, suenan espectacular, el primero tiene un bajo aceptable que el otro no tiene, pero el segundo tiene un brillo que el otro no tiene, lo que me parece raro porque se supone que tiene dos twiters (o como se escriba).Le diera 5 estrellas si no fuera por ese detalle que escoge entre dos redes disponibles, me imagino que buscando ofrecer la mejor calidad de comunicación, sin embargo, me niega la posibilidad multiroom, a mejorar eso Amazon Team.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this to replace my 3rd gen echo dot for improved sound quality.  The sound is better than the dot it replaced so I'm pretty happy with that aspect.  Compared to both the 3rd and 4th gen echo dots I own, the microphone does not seem to work as well.  I never had as much trouble with the 3rd gen that this replaced in exactly the same spot and conditions.It also refuses to change the volume about 50% of the time by voice command.  Every other night I have to change volume by hand or in the app because it just won't. I wouldn't buy this again from the frustration with the failed volume control and poor mic.  Eventually I'll get fed up enough to replace it and it probably won't be with an Amazon product.	3	August 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality not good.  Very, very bass heavy.  Cannot adjust treble to compensate	3	May 24, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I traded in my 1st generation Echo for the new 4th generation sphere one, thinking that things would have improved over a couple of years. In two key ways, they have not.1. Mics are less effective.The mics are actually worse at picking up my voice. I find myself repeating the wake word more often, and at a louder volume, just to get the same result. The old cylinder was pretty omni-directional; they new one less so.2. The sound is overly bassy.Yes, you can adjust the bass through the app to tone it down, but you shouldn't have to. I don't have the old and new side by side, so it's hard to judge which sounds better overall, but at least on the default bass setting the new one seems less accurate.What do I like better on the new one? It's shorter, so it doesn't stick out as much on the kitchen island where it lives. You can judge for yourself whether the new esthetic is better, but the design change was not the reason I purchased the new one - I thought the mics and sound would be better, and I'm disappointed.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This item was got through Amazon and was ""pre set"" for me.  It did not work properly with no microphone. After a walk through where I had to re set it myself, it worked, but he microphone became less and less responsive over the months that I continued to make payments. As soon as it was paid off, the microphone stopped responding to most commands.  Music playing in groups gets disrupted and stopped due to this device, while when unplugged, I get good music.  Customer service told me online that it will simply be replaced, since it is within warantee, and to follow instructions to send the bad one back.  After that communication, I was told differently online that it is a REPAIR request, that they are not honoring the warantee replacement, and that I have to send the item to Amaaon via UPS, have their technicans take it apart and analize it, then send it back to me.  So one customer service tells me that the new one is ordered and will be here in 3-5 business days, another tells me that I will get nothing until they get the broken one and fix it then send it back, and now I am on perpetual hold because the phone operators are too busy goofing off to actually provide any kind of completent assistance."	1	June 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 1st and 2nd Gen Echos all over my house.  This is my first 4th gen and I am disappointed.  The sound is much better than my 2nd gen echos but it does not wake up very easily at all.  I can be standing 6 feet in front of it and say Alexa and my 2nd gen 20 feet away in my family room will wake up and still nothing from the 4th gen.  Tech support had me do a hard reset with no improvement and offered to send me a refurb for my brand new echo.  No thanks, I will just return itUpdate:  After my previous review, a rep from Amazon contacted me and was very helpful.  He was able to push an update through that fixed my echo and made it much more responsive.2nd Update:  After using the updated echo for a few days it was not more responsive.  Amazon sent me a new echo to replace this one and it is exactly the same.  The echo just doesn't hear your voice to Wake Up	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Out of the box... WAY TOO MUCH BASS! Echo's speaker equalizer settings (LOW-bass/MID-range/HIGH-tweeter) are TOO important to bury inside Alexa app! They should have their own buttons on top of the orb next to volume settings. For now, put Equalizer button prominently next to volume button in per device controls in app! On next update, provide some presets like Hip-Hop, Country, Pop, Rock, Talk, etc. ""Alexa... Preset ROCK... Play The Eagles on Pandora!"" ... ""Alexa... Preset RAP... Play Eminem on Spotify!"""	3	December 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is rather good. The bass is heavy, which is good for some music, but not videos. I do feel that I have to yell the command name for it to hear me. This is odd as my first gen echo dot will hear me whisper it's name. I have tested them in the same spot and this device does not recognize as well as previous models. It does not tether to older alexas ( not a minus just extra information). Another thing I have noticed, is that when bluetooth paired with a fire stick; apps like hulu and Netflix seem to crash.This was bought for me as a gift and the pictures are somewhat misleading as they do not show a cord in many of them. This lead to the belief that it had an internal battery that allowed it to be moved between rooms. (Which would have been a great selling point). This device does not have an internal battery. In fact the charge cable it comes with is short, so keep that in mind when thinking about where you wish to place it. I have a first gen alexa and the cable that came with it is longer.A note for Amazon, when this device was first advertised, it showd a globe pattern. When I saw that, I wanted this device. I was disappointed that there was no actual globe/map print available. I feel that whoever designed that add had a great idea that was never produced into reality. To add on, it would have been nice to have the clock face added to this as well.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My hope was to have sound that wouldreplace my radio. It would be perfect with a better audio. My expectations influenced my rating.	3	May 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This was my fifth Alexa Echo products that I've purchased. I don't know what it is about the new design, but now it seems to never hear me say the wake up word. I feel like I have to shout Alexa just to get her to light up, so I know she's listening. I'm also super frustrated that podcast can't be fast-forwarded to specific time within the podcast. I use this feature all the time when Alexa plays an audible book, so why can't it be used for podcast as well? I also feel like this most recent iteration of the echo doesn't understand what I'm asking, even though I can  use a similar phrase for my studio Echo and I'll be understood. I tried to buy an adapter to put it on the wall cuz I hate how much space it takes on surfaces, and of course I ended up with a dot wall adapter for the echo instead of this size. I just wish they would call it a different name or a different induration or something to make it identifiable without me having to feel like an expert at the dimensions of each of the objects. I found it really irritating that the cord for the power had been shortened almost a foot, and I couldn't put this new echo in the same location as my old Echo because they switch the power integration port to an AUX port instead of whatever it was before. I still love my studio Echo, but overall I'm super disappointed in this product.	2	April 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"All of the 4th Gen Echos are Amazon's greatest failure. The 3rd Gens are great, they hear you every time. they stay connected to the internet, they do what they're made to do every singe time.--The 4th Gens do the exact opposite, from day one all of the 4th Gen ones I have purchased have done nothing but fail to do what they are made to do. They have better speakers, and this big one has added a temperature sensor, which is truly a game changer for routines, allowing Alexa to monitor the temperature of a room and adjust accordingly on her own. Howver she NEVER hears me say her name the first time, 80% of the time once she does, she will not hear the command I give her. How is an Echo supposed to work if it cannot understand its user. That is literally the ONLY thing these things need to do--well that and stay connected to the internet. there is a 50/50 shot that when I say her name, she gives me the ""the intertnet isnt accessible"" line. When it Very much is. every other device I have connects and stays connected just fine. It is only the 4th Gen echos that have so much trouble staying connected.  The temperature sensor is the only real thing worth even trying to buy one of these, but its hugely unreliable at best, and sadly no other temperature sensor can initiate a routine based on the rooms degree yet. -----Do not waste your money on the 4th gen, buy a 3rd gen or wait for the 5thand Amazon, do NOT call me this time. The last time I left a negative review on an echo device (the 4th gen dot) you called me. --I appreciate the gesture, amazing customer support, one of the reasons I love amazon. but this is not a user error, I do IT for a living, this is not failure to set up properly, this is device malfunction."	1	August 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It seems as though this Echo has a harder time understanding than our others and the audio isn’t much better than the cheaper models.	3	May 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	But if you whisper from the toilet in another room she responds.  Totally crazy.  I’m getting to the point where I’m going to throw this one away or maybe use it as an extra speaker for more sound and out my original Alexa back up because she listens when you tell her things.	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is a stylish unit, but that may be the cause for concern.  I have all the generations of Echo units in operation currently, and this one really comes up short on voice recognition.  The older units can be triggered from 20+ feet away, which is really helpful when turning on lights, for example, as you are entering a dark room.  This unit has trouble beyond 5 feet.Sound quality is on par with the 3rd gen unit.The light ring at the bottom is also not optimal, as it is not as easily noticed from a distance.I truly believe this generation was an effort in value engineering.  It just feels ""Cheaper"" that it's older sibling.  Part of this is the removal of the volume adjustment via the top ring.One more note, the control buttons are right on the fabric, so grimy hands will stain the speaker mesh over time.  This unit also needs to be dusted with a vacuum or canned air, as it cannot be wiped off on top due to the fabric cover."	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Device quality great, but Alexa not so much with too many unwanted commercials.	3	May 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought the first echo device and loved it. I have purchase many echo dots since then (8-10). Our family loves them all. This fourth generation echo is subpar at best in my opinion.I have owned it for about a year now and the device does not respond as well as the dots. I wish I would have returned it when purchased because it does not function well as an Alexa Assistant.We are constantly having to repeat ourselves when sitting right beside the device. It often does not complete the requested task when it does hear us. It’s ability to listen and respond is far inferior to all the other echo dots we have (1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th generation).The sound quality is good but that is not a significant selling point for me personally. I wanted Alexa to work well on a device with sound better/louder than the dot. That isn’t a high bar for sound quality since the dots are small. So, it meets my needs for sound quality but my bar is set low in that area.It does not meet my needs as an Alexa assistant in our main room of the house.	2	November 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The older styles were much better as they emitted sound from all directions. You really need to be directly in front of this one to get the best sound quality which is a big letdown and change from prior models.	3	March 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I was about to order another Echo but after the forced update on Nov. 1, 2022 I have lost interest. The new Prime music has a forced shuffle button that can't be turned off. I used to be able to listen to all the music by a particular artist. Now it will play that ONE song and then shuffle music by ""similar artists"". This forces me to listen to music I don't like. It is now no different than a radio. I won't buy another and I think people should know it has changed drastically from what it was."	1	November 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this mainly to improve sound quality from the small tv in my kitchen after being disappointed with the Echo Studio. The dot was slightly better at connecting to my firestick 4k than the echo studio was, but not much. I frequently had to turn everything off then back on or fiddle with settings.I honestly didn’t notice a big difference between the echo premium and a standard echo. I’m sure there’s a more significant difference in sound quality at loud volumes but it was not worth it for me, as someone who takes it seriously when someone claims the audio output as a selling point.I eventually returned it for a standard echo 4th Gen and a $60 refurbished Sony sound bar. The sound quality is sooooo much better and the price difference was negligible after sales.	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"""Alexa, play Spotify"" - yeah right. This skill seldom works and you have to constantly re-authorize your Spotify account and use the Alexa app to start it up. This is why the Spotify skill has 12,000+ reviews and only 2 stars. Why is this? Platform inoperability, which is as old as the tech industry itself. What it means is that developers have a positive disincentive to make their product work with a competitor's product. Is it hard left to make Spotify work on this device? Probably not. Do Amazon or Spotify want it to work? Definitely not, and that is how we end up here."	3	October 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	1-year update and I have to say that this product is very inconsistent.  I mostly use this for listening to music.  Some days it will play perfect for hours.  Then the next day I can't get it to play a whole song without cutting out.  Unplug, restart, and it does it more.  Then Alexa doesn't respond correctly to audio commands.  I'm just about done with this junk.  It's an audio speaker and it can barely do that on it's best day.  Pair the subwoofer with it and multiply your headaches!!!  Sometimes it works, other times it don't... and then on the rare occasion, the SUBWOOFER will play music when the speaker won't.  VERY annoying!!!	1	October 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality on these new fourth generation Echo speakers is horrible compared with the previous generation Echo speakers—all of them. What happened?I am so disappointed. I worked with Amazon tech-support, and even they said there must be something wrong, so they processed a return and shipped me a new set and they are equally horrible. I have read independent reviews on third-party websites, and watched them on YouTube, where reviewerss are saying Generation 4 is a total fail. I sure hope the fifth generation will go back to the sound quality of previous generations.I have had many speakers from every generation going back to the first generation (which ironically, was one of the best sounding speakers they made).Also, when you pair these fourth generation Echo speakers with a Fire TV or Fire TV stick, they are somewhat acceptable on the trailers and previews, since the volume of those, same with commercials, is so artificially boosted, (though the speakers are still disappointingly soft and poor quality), but the minute you start the actual show or movie, the sound instantly becomes so quiet that I would equate it to about a volume level 4 on previous generations.I think these were rushed to market because the engineers thought the new round shape was so cool. What was wrong with the previous shape? In a failed effort to “fix” the ain’t-broke design, they completely broke the function.	2	June 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I recently traded in all my 1st, 2nd, and 3rd gen devices to ""upgrade"" to the 4th gen devices.  If you're thinking about it, DON'T DO IT!1) The 4th gen devices don't seem to pick up voice commands as well.  We frequently use the Echo in our family room on the 1st floor.  Even though we are 5 feet away and within line of sight of the Echo, our Echo show upstairs in a room with a *closed* door hears the command instead and prevents the family room Echo from responding.  The activity logs indicate the Echo Show wasn't the intended device, but ultimately none of them respond so we have to repeat the command.2) The sound is awful.  The previous Echo's had a nice range and good base.  The 4th gen echo sounds very hollow and tinny.  If you like to listen to music through your Echo, avoid the 4th gen devices!!3) The light ring is now on the bottom of the Echo, so unless the device is placed at a position lower than you, you probably won't be able to see it.  Considering the mic can't pick up your commands well, you'll often wonder if it's doing anything at all since you get no indications.While not a 4th gen specific issue, the Echo is going to constantly be trying to upsell you on Amazon services.  If you request a song that isn't on Prime, it's going to try and upsell you their Ultimate Music service, then it's going to start playing some ""station"" that is not the song you request.  100% of the time I have to further request that it stop playing the station, which it can't hear me well so I end up yelling for it to stop 4 or 5 times.  Overall, the Echo has gone from a fun device that was worth the potential privacy concerns to an annoying banner ad that you can't click to close.  The current user experience makes me just want to throw these things in the trash and I own 4 of them."	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered a black echo to place in my kitchen. The device works well, and the set up is easy. However, it comes standard with a white cord now, which is not disclosed when you place the order.  It looks ridiculous, and it appears like a mismatched cord with another device.  If you order red - you get a white cord.  Grey - white cord.  Blue - white cord...  After working with Amazon customer support, I was told to order a new black cord and pay for it, and they would let me then request a refund on the matching cord.  What??!!  Anyway, the device is fine, and I would give a five-star review to the device otherwise.	3	September 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I've had these devices for years, I am now constantly saying ""Alexa, shut up!"" as she blabs on with her ""by the way..."" suggestions. There is no way to shut this off.Automation is constantly adding duplicate devices, integrations with devices like Treatlife do not add the devices and it confuses the names of devices responding with things like ""...there is no device named potato light""I had hoped that this device with smart device support would fix issues, but it did not, and has no display. The do not make an echo with smart device support with a display (except the show echos)"	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Has all of a sudden started making this horrible static noise when I'm listening to music or radio, etc.  Gets so bad I have to turn off!	3	April 29, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I'm not one of those reviewers who has a bit of Alexa devices in their home as well as a bit of Google Assistant. It just so happened my first free device was an Echo Dot (3rd gen) and the rest is history. Throughout my home I now own:Echo (4th generation)2 Echo Dots (both 3rd gen)Echo Show 8Echo Show 53 Echo FlexFire 8 HD PlusEcho Input (I wish I knew just how phenomenal of a deal these were when I purchased this one, id have 9 of these in my house and 1 device with visual output).Always having the appropriate expectations (ie never expected ie Echo flex to sound like a bose speaker) i have never once been even slightly disappointed with any of the products listed above....until this Echo (4th generation). I prefer the round design and I like to have the latest and greatest, that's all it is, sad but true. I never expected any of these products to actually regress though as their technology allegedly has improved continously. Id say after owning for a month or so im sitting at about a 70% hit rate when it comes to this advice recognizing it's name and and switching into a phase waiting for a command. Not sure what it is either, I've walked right up to and practically yelled ""ALEXA"" (and while I was frustrated I was sure to very clear spoken words) and yet it still didn't respond.I'm really hoping this is a software fix they can push out or I wouldn't hesitate to take this down to 1 star."	2	December 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo device has good sound quality and mostly good voice recognition.  It does not play well with streaming Sirius XM though that is one of its capabilities.  The Alexa app can be a tangled mess at times making it difficult to navigate to the desired function to control Echo.  This last issue easily detracts at least one full star from the rating.	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I've been a fan of the Echo since its inception.  In fact I've had each of the 4 generations (including this one).  I wish I had stayed with the 3rd Gen.  Alexa seems to be getting old, her hearing isn't what it used to be.  I find I have to repeat ""Alexa"" on several occasions for her to respond, as well as repeating requests.  I listen to Amazon Music, and it sounds a little muffled at times.  Not sure if I just have a poor unit or if these points need to be addressed in the next generation."	3	October 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I LOVED the 3rd gen Dot, which was my first foray into Alexa. So when the 4th gen Echo came out, I was hoping for better audio to play music in my living room space. With the Dot, I could quietly ask Alexa something, and she would pick up on it from 10-15 feet away. With this Echo, I have to repeat, and yell a bit for it pick up anything. THEN, the little ring will light up, and the Dot will answer from the other room -_-. I'm standing 5 ft away from the Echo, and about 30 feet away from the Dot. As far as the sound quality for music- it's a bit disappointing. It does seem to sound a touch better than the Dot's but not enough to justify the added cost and space that it takes up. If I had experienced this first, I think I would just try to hook up a better speaker to the Dot. I'm really glad that I gifted my friends the previous gen Dots (new ones weren't released yet), and not the new ones.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"We have two hubs and a dot. The one that *I* actually bought is the only one that doesn't work right. Or - sometimes it does. It's just that sometimes it doesn't. It hears ""Alexa"" but frequently ignores whatever I say after that - as if I'd said nothing at all. It *should* tell you it doesn't understand what you said, but it just acts like it heard nothing. The other two echos are fine, though. Just bad luck"	3	December 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Excellent sound quality. While the volume is easily adjustable, there is no need to turn the volume to max in order to hear music or an audio book.However, there is a hearing problem. I have to repeat myself several times and end up shouting at the Echo when I want to be heard.	3	February 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have had Echos since the original beta group back in 2014. I still have and use my Gen 1 every day. I currently have 9 of them including Echo Autos, 4 dots, and an Echo Flex. I purchased this 4th gen to replace the 1st gen that I use as the main Echo in my living room. The 1st gen is still working great, but it's not compatible with some of the new Alexa features.We got it last year on black Friday. It would respond to commands OK for a few hours. After that, it would stop responding entirely. You could manually wake it with the button, but it would not hear you at all. A power reset would fix it, for a few hours or a day and then it would happen all over again. After dealing with Amazon, they sent a replacement. The replacement had the same issue. Even when it did work, you had to speak very loud and close. The Echo dots on the other side of the house would respond instead of this one 3 feet away.The Echo was placed in the same location as the one it replaced, on the same network.After going through 2 units, we figured there was some sort of known issue. We returned the second unit and went back to our 1st gen. A year later (hoping that the issues have been worked out), we purchased another unit. Guess what? New unit has the same exact issue.Search Google for Echo 4th gen microphone issues and you will see this happens to a lot of people. Even when they do worth, they don't work nearly as good as previous generations. Which is a shame.For now, this one is going back again and we will continue to use our 1st gen until Amazon can get it together.	1	December 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I enjoy using echo devices but the echo fourth generation device has much difficulty calibrating the temperature sensor. I recently purchased two fourth generation devices and one finally calibrated the temperature sensor after MANY register/deregister exercises. After 48 hours the other device remains stuck trying to calibrate. My second generation echo devices have no trouble calibrating the temperature sensor. I like my toys to work - I am disappointed with this new toy.	3	December 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve been an Alexa user for years and have loved it. I loved the features and the ease it brought to my life. The sound quality of this gen is great; the aesthetics are lovely. I never had a problem with Alexa and Alexa devices—until I upgraded to this gen. If you’re considering it, stop. Don’t do it. I have had nothing but trouble. And I’m not alone. Google it. The problem is pervasive and persistent.I plugged it in initially around Dec 1 and have regretted it since. My device randomly plays audacy at an absurd volume and won’t always shut off—sometimes I have to unplug it to get it to stop. I have tried resetting it, reinstalling the app, factory restores, removing all devices from my account, removing all skills/apps from the device, etc. I’ve watched videos, read help pages, and asked friends in IT to help. Nothing—NOTHING—resolves the issue. I have taken my Alexa down to no skills or apps. Basically it’s now an automated list maker and it STILL randomly plays Audacy (and by “plays” I mean “screams”). It only plays Audacy; nothing else…although it recently started to randomly beep at me. My privacy settings are as locked down as they can be and still—still—the problem remains.Don’t. Do. It. Go to a different system and let Amazon work through its issues in someone else’s home. I’ve had this gen for about 3 months and it’s spent about 1/3 of that time unplugged because the anxiety these random musical attacks trigger makes the whole system not worth it.I miss my Alexa.	1	February 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The only reason that I gave 2 stars is because the sound quality is great. That's where the fun stops.This device is so glitchy that I want to throw it out the window most days. For example, my morning alarm just went off; I'm laying 3 feet from 4th Gen Echo Dot; I ask it to stop the the alarm; from the living room, 30 feet away, I hear ""Morning Alarm stopped on bedroom"". Whyyyyyyy?When I ask Alexa to play music while I'm in the living room, she will respond from the proper device ""what would you like to listen to?"", but then she will start playing the music on the Echo Dot in my bedroom. When I tell her she is playing on the wrong device she'll respond ""I'm sorry, I don't recognize a device by that name"". When I ask her to stop playing the music it she won't, because she's does not recognize I'm talking about the bedroom unit. When I ask her to stop playing music in the Bedroom, she doesn't understand. When I ask her to play music, again, she says ""Amazon Music is currently streaming on another device"". Ugh. How far do think I can throw this thing?Hey Bezos, when you get back from douching around in outer space can you please hire someone to update your Echo Integration System. Thx."	2	August 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have everything from the very first generation (still have my original, I got it during the trial release) through to this one.  The sound quality improved with the second and third generation, but I feel that this round one it went down.  It's harder to hear the responses, even with the volume up, and if not for the fact I have my music play through multiple devices, I would say the music sort of sucks as well.  I would opt for the earlier releases.  I don't need the hub, I have my own good setup at home, so that's not a reason to get it for most people either.	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I don't like the new shape, it takes up more space on my small nightstand. I would've added a pic but Amazon wanted complete access to my camera and pics rather then me selecting one pic to add. The 3rd gen was better, 360 sound and light ring on top. The 4th gen bowling ball isn't 360, you have to put it's back towards a wall. Light ring is now on bottom of ball and is almost impossible to see the yellow ring of light during the daylight when you need it to receive weather alerts from the National Weather Service. The sound might be slightly better if you're standing in front of it but I'd rather have another 3rd gen and not this bowling ball. Don't fix what's not broken! I won't be buying anymore until they return to the cylinder 360 shape with the light ring on top.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My echo, seem to have trouble staying connected and following through with task from the beginning. I contacted Amazon about this I was told there was nothing wrong with it and it just needed to be updated. After the update it continued to glitch out, over a year of fighting the echo. It finally stopped responding, I contacted Amazon. They troubleshooted the device multiple times, they couldn’t fix it. I was told its out of warranty and if I would have contacted them before hand with my problems that they could of helped but all they can do it give me a 15% discount on a new echo. I explained I did contact them before was told my device was fine and pointed this out. I was told sorry but I could buy a new one. Then the new one I looked at couldn’t ship to my address for whatever reason, but I told I could upgrade my device and pay double for the new echo with the 15% discount. Then after my purchase that Amazon will credit my account 10% of my new purchase. I feel like I got a faulty item from the beginning and was given the run around about the item and convinced the echo was fine. So I just assumed it was my internet being slow, which made since until I got a echo show for Christmas and it works perfectly without any problems. So now I have a echo show and a echo dot that’s just sitting on my shelf not responding at all.	1	March 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this as a gift for my mom.  She keeps having to unplug it because it just randomly starts making a loud static noise.  Has anyone else had this issue??	2	September 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I am a huge fan of Amazon's products and I love how I was able to integrate Alexa with my firestick, smart switches and lamps, or just use it as a Bluetooth device.But -1. Auto Bluetooth Connect - Alexa announces whenever a bluetooth device is connected. You dont have any control over that to disable Auto-Connect. You might be listening to music on your phone and then you powerup your laptop and it will connect to your laptop and switches back and forth sometimes. The only solution Amazon has given, is to Forget your device from bluetooth settings EACH time you are done using it.2. Announcements! - I tried disabling this but Alexa wont stop announcing every time I connect a device to Alexa and its so loud. Sometimes Alexa randomly connects to my phone in the *middle of the night* (because there may be a notification on my phone).It goes like ""NOW CONNECTED TO REDMI NOTE PRO""! at 3 AM!!!"	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love Alexa and own multiple Good evening.  ration of them starting from beta version. I highly recommend Alexa to everyone. However I am giving this 4the generation unit 3 stars as there is no significant difference between this and older version.  This newer unit works fine. I bought this newer 4th generation version thinking it must be better than the older version. I was disappointed as I don’t see a much of a difference at all. Sound quality is pretty much same as previous version.  Buttons and volume control ring is better in previous version. The older unit’s volume ring allows you to lower volume quickly with one smooth motion. In newer units you need to press small volume button multiple times to lower volume. This isn’t a show stopper as you can just voice control Alexa to lower volume. All this highlights is that controls were better thought thru in older unit.Bottom line I highly recommend Alexa to any 1st time user. However save yourself some money and buy older version as it works equally same as this newer version	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It can't call my cell phone. Not in contacts. It can call other cell phones but not mine. Sound is good.	3	May 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this device on the release date and it has been giving me issues ever since. The main problem is the response time when I say the wake work and it not listening after I start to ask a question. I know this may not be the same experience with many people but compared to the echo studio this seems way slower. I have tried different trouble shooting tips to no avail. I am going to reach out to amazon support to see if there is a solution but I just believe my device my be defective.The sound quality for this device is great and an improvement over the previous generations of the echo and I actually like the design. Besides the lag in responding I would be very happy with the device but it really get annoying when you ask it something it takes seconds to acknowledge you and then when you ask a question it just shuts off. If not for that this would be five stars all across.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	As a stand alone speaker/Alexa assistant it works as advertised.  Impressed with the sound.  However, very disappointed in the difficulty to set-up additional Echo Dots throughout the house.  Have yet to figure out a good solution to allow our kids to each have an Echo Dot that is linked to their own Spotify account and still be able to use the intercom functionality.  Can't link an Echo Dot to a Kids or Teen Amazon account but only two adult accounts are allowed so two Echos/Dots no issue but more then that is a real pain.  Seems to make the intercom feature useless unless you want to all be linked to the same Spotify account and only be able to listen to music on one Echo at a time.  Not well thought out and very frustrating.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really do like this, it is great for music. Unbelievable sound quality from such a small device. My only issue is that after paying $99 for it prior to Christmas , I see it all over in stores for as little as $30 and that pisses me off. I can understand a drop in price some but $70 is a sting.	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It requires much more customer interface than my previous Echo.  I sometimes need to make numerous requests  Unit is used for multiple applications: radio, weather, music(Amazon), alarm, reminders, shopping, controlling other devices in the home.  I am quite surprised and disappointed with all the verbal repeating I have to do.	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"First off, it's ugly. Really a big let down. Amazon's first alexa was the best design. They should fire whoever is in charge of the design of this device. I really appreciate the volume ring so much more than the + - buttons for volume.Next, is that that it works okay. Sound is fairly decent but the connect between the device and the Amazon ""cloud"" is really buggy. Sometimes, it'll play all day. Other days it will stop after about 20 minutes. It doesn't seem to understand what I say sometimes as well. It will either not do anything or do something entirely different. And if you say anything to it, it refers you to the support section of the app.The idea is great but it's not done well. They need to rehire some folks and return to the cylinder shape. Hopefully with the volume ring instead of buttons. My original alexa is still functioning flawlessly. Wish they still had that quality.Good luck."	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had one of the original 'tower' type Alexa echo's.  The sound was good, the light ring was on the top and because it was tower shape... didn't take up too much space. This new one is, in my opinion, too big, too ugly and hard to see the light ring. And if you want the battery ability, you must buy an additional base which makes it even larger and more ugly.ALSO, apparently it doesn't seem to matter what color you buy, your power cord will be white. I bought a black echo and a white electric cord was enclosed.I am not a happy amazon camper.	3	September 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I can pair my two devices.They will play music for only about an hour.  Then shuts off.  I can play my original, unpaired echo all day.  Have unplugged, reset modem, talked with customer service. Not helpful.	3	February 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa is amazing with what it can do. The sound quality is about the same as the earlier version we already have which is half the price. We use both.	3	March 24, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound: 3/5Design: 2/5Alexa Hub: 4/5Mic: 2/5I was looking forward to getting the 4th generation echo, I wasn't sure about it after reading all the reviews but I thought I will give it a try anyhow.I had the 1st generation Echo which was getting replaced by the 4th generation. I didn't really care for the 4th generation sphere design but I had hoped that the technology will make up for it. I was wrong the Echo Dot in the other room answers my questions 😂🤷🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️ very disappointed!!! Never had such an issue with 1st generation Echo, now I think why did I replace it in the first place. It even used to prompt if I got the response from the right device.The most disappointing is the Amazon support not helpful at all. When I reached out to the Chat support they gave me the excuse device software was out of date, I asked why it didn't update automatically, they told me device needs to be idle for half hour. Forget during the day when everyone is awake, it didn't find an idle time at night as well when everyone was asleep 🤣😂I was able to reproduce the issue today, I asked the Echo 3 questions but every time the Echo Dot in the different room responded and when I called Amazon support, they asked me to reproduce the issue even though they could see in my voice history which device responded to the questions.I tried to reproduce the issue when I was on call, it didn't happen, they said we will call in an hour. I never heard back from Amazon support and instead got an email saying they couldn't reach me. Very disappointed!!Verdict: I won't suggest to upgrade...poor device and very horrible customer service. 1st generation Echo was definitely louder and I preferred the overall design. The issues with the mic are annoying.P.S. Don't give excuses to someone who is from software industry 😏	1	February 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just bought a Sony smart TV and with it a Sony sound bar. Figured  I would purchased Alexa ECHO and hook it up to both. No such luck, finally gave up.The only thing I can say about Alexa is that she can understand my voice, something Siri has never been able to do. It helps because now I just use her to tell me the weather daily.	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure why this is called “Premium Sound” While I don’t expect it to be as as good as Bose, I expected it to better for the price. The voice recognition is spotty, and doesn’t work as good as my old Gen 1. Thinking I may return…	3	January 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Before this device I used a Google Nest.  The voice recognition on the Amazon Echo does not compare to Google Nest.  The Amazon Echo, gets confused about 40% of the times, this never happened with the Google Nest.  After 6 months of use, Alexa goes silent (no light) and the only way to fix this is to unplug and re-plug the device.  I have been patiently doing this, hoping the issue was going to get fixed on its own but for the last two month the issue is occurring more and more often and I now need to unplug/re-plug the device about every 2-3 days.  Another issue with the device is I usually have it at a low volume to listen to my tv (line in) and during the day I raise the volume but at the same time, Alexa’s volume is raised so when I say a command, Alexa is extremely loud.  I wish Alexa’s volume was separate to avoid this. Now let’s talk about warranty coverage...  It's unbelievably painful to find and get to warranty support for this device.  Once I found the link to chat, I was on a chat troubleshooting for about 2 hours.  At the end, when the agent decided to process the warranty, she wanted me to ship the item first to Amazon, wait a few days for them to process it and then send me the replacement.  The agent then told me she couldn't process it and asked me to delete my home address and re-enter (to check, if that was going to allow her to process the request).  I requested to have a supervisor call me and as I'm writing this, I'm still waiting for the supervisor to take some type of action.	1	September 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Cuando digo que tiene excelente sonido es por mucho mejor que los demas echo que tengo ya voy el 4to, ahora bien el micrófono no te escucha muy bien, hay que gritarle un poco mas para que funciones pero no para morirse, lo que si ha estado ocurriendo es que le cuesta aun integrarse con las demás Echo, segunda y tercera generación, pero tambien creo que hay que actualizarlas también	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this thinking the sound would be better than on the smaller Echos that I have. It's fine, but not superior to the smaller version. I kept it since it was on sale when purchased. It would be nice if this included the digital clock.	3	January 30, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Short answer: it is a functional smart speaker, but the sound is terrible.Long answer: it has more sound and bass than the echo dot, but the bass cracks and the treble is muddy. You might be better off with a dot than the sound from this speaker. If you are buying this instead of the dot going for better sound, don't! You are better off purchasing a JBL flip 4 and hooking up a dot to it.	3	November 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have had mine for about a year now.  I call customer service at least every 3rd month.  When you ask when someone was born who is famous, be sure you have the name exact and pronounce it correctly.  Otherwise you get someone else.  When you ask about an actor to find out how old they are you don't always get the right person.  You must know exactly what their full name is to hopefully get the right person. Setting routines up most of the time you need customer service to walk you through.  What seem logical is not. I have decided to give it one more year and if they do not improve getting information from it, I will give it to Goodwill and let someone else have the heard ache.  NOT a real stable device to live with. If you are a very young person and like a lot of silly things then this is the device for you. I usually ask this device first for info and then I have to go to another program on my phone to find the right answer. Think about this before you buy!!!	2	October 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I'm comparing against a Gen 1 Echo and 2 Gen 1 Dots which I've had since they first hit the market. My Gen 4 device was defective: both hard of hearing (my Gen 1 Dot 30' away in another room would hear me and with this device I had to yell to get it to activate) and the speaking voice sounded muffled compared to my other devices. Other dislikes: I ordered a black Echo but it came with a white cable. It's a minor point but I think a black cable would be more appropriate. Worse however was that the cable is ridiculously short (compared to all my Gen 1 devices) which limits placement without the need for an extension cord. Overall, fairly disappointed and returned. HOWEVER, aside from the cord color and length which would have still resulted in my returning the device, I'm hoping that my ""operationally defective device"" was an anomaly and I just got a bad one. Overall, my wife and I enjoy the conveniences Alexa adds to our smart home and this poor review shouldn't deter you from trying out Alexa if you never have. The 4th Gen Echo did not work for me, so I instead purchased a 3rd Gen Dot; it is my 4th Alexa device."	1	June 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The sound quality of this is great, although the speakers are more directional than the older vertical design. First and foremost, I love my multiple Echo and Echo dot units (I have six in total); one red and white with the others all being charcoal (black). All are 3rd Gen. the red and white one came with a white cord/adapter to match. ALL of the others in charcoal came with black cord/adapter. I went ahead and ordered the 4th Gen echo sphere in charcoal, and was irritated to see that they had put a white cord/adapter in the box. I contacted Amazon, and they told me the charcoal units should ship with black cord/adapter, not white, which doesn't match at all, and stands out as looking ""mismatched"" with the unit. Amazon sent me another unit which arrived yesterday a charcoal Echo with a WHITE CORD AND ADAPTER. It simply doesn't look right and I can't ""hide"" it. I took a chance on orderingthe new spherical design, and may end up returning both units and sticking with the 3rd Gen units I have. I don't understand why Amazon wouldn't continue matching the units with a cord color that corresponds with the color of the Echo unit. This is too big and they never should have messed with the vertical design. Hate the directional speakers and the bottom light. I may return all my ""balls"" and find the original designs. As usual, Amazon has to call something ""improved"" when it's the exact opposite. Very disappointed!"	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to reboot this thing every other day - you say something it lights up but no response. 😞	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	had limited usefulness, speaker popped and the only thing it exeled at.Was playing music only had it for a year and not i don't have any use for it anymore. Just lost 130 bucks	3	March 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I own many Echo's and I am a fan of the products. With that said, I purchased the Echo 4th Gen (The Ball) to replace my Echo 1st Gen (The Cylinder) as an upgrade. Well I have to say I am a bit disappointed. The 1st Gen sounds better and has a bit more power to it. Try a little harder guys.	3	December 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The goodClear audio at low and mid volume. Temperature sensor is a nice addition.The neutralHas some kind of onboard voice processor but I don't notice any improvements to voice recognition or response speed as a result.The badDoesn't hear me as well as my 3rd Gen EchoDoesn't sound good above 50% volume - it's as if the device just increases the treble only and can't increase volume on low-mid frequency beyond the 50% threshold. Above 70% it starts to distort, above 80% it's distorted to all heck. Would be better if the max volume was limited to match the device capabilities instead of allowing users to crank beyond the distortion threshold. Essentially, in the current state we only get 5 usable volume levels. Above that it just sounds terrible.For reference, the 3rd Gen echo I find to sound decent up to about 70% volume before noticeable distortion occurred. In addition the 3rd Gen can actually hear me so I'd just recommend skipping the 4th generation.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I am pretty new to Alexa - I only have a Dot with a display. Thought I’d but a bigger one to have better sound… Who would’ve thought that the bigger model doesn’t have a display to even show me the clock?? One of the reasons I bought this thing was to replace my alarm clock that gets a few minutes late every month.Definitely returning. I hope gen5 has a display.	2	July 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The sound for music is better.  The design is different, still deciding if I like it better or just different.  The front facing speakers as opposed to cylindrical doesn't seem to pick up my voice.  Always yelling ""ALEXA""!  Many times have to say Alexa 2, 3 or 4 times before she picks it up.  If not directly in front of the speaker the voice recognition is poor.  If music is playing or the TV is on, you have to speak loud and clear or she doesn't hear.  It is this speaker, because I have two others on the main level of the house and sometimes one of them will pick up my voice from 20 feet away in a different room and the new 4th generation in the same room with me just sits there.  Not sure if it's worth the frustration or constantly repeating commands to get the better sound quality.  Debating about just returning and waiting for a 5th generation with a better quality microphone."	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Won't even see bluetooth amplifiers or bluetooth devices outside of their Alexa Preset Profiles which aren't the same as the standard bluetooth.  I have a Samsung 5.1 surround system with a Samsung Bluetooth to Coax adapter that works with everything android, iphone, Windows computers even FireTVs but not the Echo's.  Same thing goes for my Fosi Amplifier w Bluetooth that I purchased on Amazon. Everything works with it except the Echos's. This renders my Echo's and my Amazon Music Account USELESS!  Either fix your bluetooth problem or give us all back our money and then you can cancel my amazon music account! A month is long enough to fix the bluetooth problem! It feels like there is no intention of fixing it now!	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I needed a hub to connect a Philips motion sensor using the “Zigbee” standard to a smart bulb. Amazon says this has a “built-in Zigbee smart home hub” and allows you to “Easily set up compatible Zigbee devices,” but it does not connect to Philips Zigbee motion sensors. A separate Philips bridge is required for those. This misled into buying the Echo when I did not need it.	3	December 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This one is worse than generation 2.. to much crap to type.  Take a gamble if you'd like.	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I already had a few 3rd generation Echo Dots, and 1) Wanted to add a hub, 2) Was intrigued by the press reviews of the 4th generation devices. So when the “limited edition” Echo Red was issued I eventually decided to give it a try as it fits with the Feng Shui of the place it’s in. So, how’d it work out?Pros:• Sound quality is definitely better (in my space).• Woo-Hoo, I’ve got a hub!• This particular edition, the Red, suits my decor schema perfectlyCons• The microphone doesn’t work well. I’ve enough devices that this is largely immaterial, but let’s just say it’s obvious that’s this is not the device I’m talking to. That’s kinda sad as that also means I’m rarely interacting with Alexa over the new chipset.• Sad but true: As others have noted 4th generation devices do not pair with other generation devices. Sad. I can’t use this as part of a stereo pair. (Here’s hoping Amazon issues a software patch!)	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound and look of the speaker is great however as mentioned in other reviews, the microphone is really bad, it literally SUCKS!!! I bought 2 echos, one for my living room and another for my bedroom, both sit at about 5-6 ft away from where I regularly speak to them from and when they are not reproducing anything I have a hard time getting them to hear me. Not to mention when the music is on, especially on high volume, you literally have to SCREAM to have a possibility of them hearing you. This is both with the dot and echo 4th gen, for comparison I have 3rd gen echo dots, echo show 5 and echo flex, needless to say they all hear me waaaaay easier, to give an idea of this: I have an echo flex out in my hallway outside of my bedroom and sometimes it hears me before the echo in the room, despite it being easily an additional 5ft away with walls in the way. It's very disappointing that they downgraded the microphones on these for whatever the reason, especially because one of it's main features to sell is you being able to communicate through voice, for this reason I have to give it a 2 star rating regardless of all it's pros. I really hope Amazon look into this and either gives a recall or some sort of update that can fix this problem	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I think the sound base is amazing.It only needs the time displayed on the actual echo	3	April 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I occasionally have to yell to get it's attention. The internal thermometer needs to be better calibrated, as it's a couple of degrees off.Bass quality is big, and music is clear.	3	March 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have multiple echo devices and in general think they're great. I was disappointed a bit that this 4th gen device was not as good at recognizing its wake word ('Alexa'), as my older echo devices.  With the 4th generation device I have to be very careful to directly face the unit and enunciate when using the wake word.  My older units do not require this.(FWIW - I've altered the positioning of this 4th gen device a few times to ensure it wasn't some sort of audio bouncing that was the issue. The unit performs the same regardless of its location.)Also, unlike my older devices, this 4th generation Echo seems to often just not respond if it cannot answer or properly interpret a voice command/request.  I can see the wake word activates the unit but then it does not respond to commands it has trouble with. I have mixed feelings about this.  I don't miss the occasional 'I did not understand that request' (paraphrasing the response older Echo devices used.) but at the same time really dislike the device just going silent as though nothing had been said - and forcing me to wake it again.To be clear - the issues with this 4th generation device are truly minor.I remain a big fan of echo devices and Alexa in general.Solid build quality, excellent speech interpretation, amazing performance overall.	2	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am a  disabled woman confined to a power wheelchair most of my life. I live on a small fixed income. I have an older affordable flip cell phone. I received the Alexia as a Christmas gift. I was so thrilled until I discovered I need a phone with the ability of applications to use the Alexia. I looked at the prices of smartphones and they are far out of my price range. WHY, did you make Alexia work on applications? And WHY didn't you just build the application into the Alexia? Now I can't use it at all until I can afford to buy a smartphone. So angry with you, I just sat and cried when I found this out. It's always all about making as much money as possible, isn't it? So glad there are fewer days ahead of me than behind me. I will probably never get to use it. I have grown weary of this world of greedy money and power hungry people.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Worst thing about Alexa is the constant “By the Way…”. I don’t care what you are selling, just perform the task I asked and move on.	3	March 25, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The other day my TV had no sound, I went into the room where my new Alexa was and it was the voice of the TV.  I told Alexa to go off and she didn't listen.  I then unplugged it.  I am afraid to plug it in again.	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Fourth time with 4th Generation Echo was NOT the charm.We have the older Echo as well as the Echo Dot. These work great. This new Echo is awful!We are now on our THIRD 4th generation Echo. The first one (Round One) hooked up beautifully to all our devices, but was totally hard of hearing. We would stand 2 feet away from Alexa and scream to get her to respond. This device is located on our main floor. The device in our bedroom a floor up and rooms away would respond before the one two feet away did. So Amazon send us a new one. This was after spending 45 minutes on the phone with customer service.Round Two 4th generation hears perfectly well but is completely was unable to connect with out two brand new Philips Hue light bulbs which were part of the package that came with Round One. Chatted first with someone in the US on fixing this. Seemed like we might be getting somewhere but she put me on hold. Next thing I knew I was talking with someone in India (I think) explaining the whole thing ALL OVER AGAIN. He put be through to someone in the Philippines. Starting from scratch AGAIN I was on the phone with her for 57 minutes!!! It was truly the definition of insanity. Doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result! She finally says something is wrong with your 4th generation ECHO and ships me another new one.Round Three 4th generation Echo arrives today. Same nightmare as Round Two. Spent 40 minutes on the phone with Amazon Customer services. He states that the only literature he has to go off of is really old!!! Echo is STILL NOT ABLE TO SEE new Philips Hue Lights! He tells me to contact Philips Hue.I've now been on the phone with Philips Hue for 60 minutes! Still not working.Amazon's customer service is NOT knowledgeable about this issue!	1	December 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Compré esperando que tenga un mejor reconocimiento de voz que mi echo dot de la misma generación; sin embargo, a pesar de tener más micrófonos según las especificaciones técnicas, tiene un mal reconocimiento inclusive para activarse, a veces hay que repetir fuerte y en varias ocasiones el comando de activación ""Alexa"""	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I used to love these devices, but in the last year she's always adding at the end of every command i give her ""by the way ..."". I don't want to here her suggestions or tips or anything. I just want her to do what I asked her to do. I have followed every suggestion I can find on the internet and nothing works. Just tonight she was telling me she can get me ready for the rings of power. Amazon should not be advertising their things in my home like that. They should leave it on their Fire TV and website. I don't need to hear about it when I want to turn my lights off or set a timer. Never buying another amazon smart home device."	1	October 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Updating - now pretty much unusable. Doesn’t pick up our voice at allUpdating - over time, it has gotten worse. I talk directly to it,  but it never responds. All of the devices in the other rooms much further away answer. Even with an update, the microphone doesn’t work well.Updating my review to one less star. I have an Alexa in my kitchen, my living room (this one) , and my bedroom. Both are dots. You can be standing in the living room talking to the device over it, and the other Alexas respond to you. The microphone is awful. Thinking about returning. I stopped delivery on the 3 to order the 4 when it came out. Now, I wish I didn’t.My black device came with a horrible looking white aftermarket cord that is not Amazon original ; at least match the color.  It sounds ok; I have Alexa devices all around my house and compared to the dot, I think it’s honestly just ok. Not amazing.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is a good speaker/alexa. Here's the problem: the marketing tells you that you can pair this echo with a fire tv ""to feel scenes come to life with home theater audio."" The reality is that audio can only come from EITHER your tv's speakers OR your echo. NOT BOTH. It isn't a home theater experience at all unless you want to buy multiple echo devices. And then it is only possible to pair the fire tv with a maximum of 2 echo devices and a sub. So even if you want to spend extra money, it's going to be a subpar ""home theater"" experience.  It took me an hour on customer service getting passed around before I was told that it was impossible to get sound from both the tv speakers and the echo at the same time (despite the fact that it will do this to play music, according to customer support it is not possible while watching tv). Hopefully this review will save others some time!"	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased a 4th gen Echo dot, but meant to purchase a 4th gen Echo.  A few days later, there was a price drop on the 4th gen Echo, so I bought one and compared them.First, I should've realized the price dropped for a reason... the reviews which state that the Echo mic is bad are so true.  I have to speak so loud (even when no other sounds in the room), I can be heard two rooms away.When Alexa does respond, there's a serious lag and the volume temporarily decreases (long enough that I thought I'd accidentally asked Alexa to lower the volume) only to realize this happens every time I ask Alexa anything.The Echo sound is relatively full.  However, I prefer the midrange of the Echo dot.I don't care for either device as a single speaker so I tried to pair the Echo and the Echo dot.What??  Each speaker pairs individually with FireTV, smart light bulbs, etc., but an Echo and Echo dot will only work together for music and, possibly, audio books.They CAN'T BE PAIRED together for stero listening with, e.g., FireTV.  I researched this to ensure I wasn't missing something and all web results verified this issue.  Please let me know if I'm wrong!Bottom line, I'll be returning the 4th gen Echo for sure.  Might keep the 4th gen Echo dot.	2	February 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had gen 1,3 and some other.long story short: this is not better, just more expensive. Save your money. Go for the previous  gen. Half the price and pick up our voices before this one does....I DO NOT RECOMMEND!- doesnt recognize / hear well (no better than gen 1 and 3 if not worse)- microphone seems even more directional... an issue since we place it in the middle but unless you talk AT it or yell... well you just have to yell- sound quality is not great. I dont use alexa for music and I surely will not with this thing (dont listen the reviews of pcmag etc... bs... this thing is terrible)- WHITE cable? For a black alexa? Why?... so it sticks out?- the ball shape - it is not good looking and it makes the thing stick out even more when i need it to melt in the background. Let’s face it: it s not a piece of art so the quieter it is visually, the better.Bottom line is it s not an upgrade. It’s the same product as before, more expensive, uglier. We are disappointed they haven’t improved the microphone.If you don’t have one, the cheaper one is the way to go. If you have one... don’t upgrade - amazon does NOT offer such a thing. Just taking your money.	2	February 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Apple Music integration doesn’t allow you to access your Apple Music library or any stations you normally listen to. You have to explicitly tell Alexa what you want to listen from Apple Music and then it fetches it to the Alexa app. Not what I wanted. I want to be able to listen to Apple Music on my Amazon Echo.	2	July 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	At low volume levels this speaker is just average, a little tincanish even.  The sound is clear in the mid-range, but flat in the wings..  If there is an equalizer it is impossible to find.  Not nearly as good as the original Echo.  But, you need a hub, this is the only choice.  It also skips occasionally, WiFi connection was better on a Dot I had in the same location. The ball design makes the thing an accident waiting to roll off whatever surface. There should be a nesting ring to keep the goofy thing from rolling away.  It is impractical when handling, in that locating controls is mostly visual and not tactile.  Dust sticks to it.  On the plus side in a tiny room it is less disappointing.  In a open area, forget it.	3	June 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Had for a few months now. Sound quality isn't much different than the original echo we had, and at least the original one worked every time until it broke. This one doesn't respond half the time, and when it does respond sometimes it says it doesn't know what you're talking about, and other times it just makes that annoying ""bong"" sound and does nothing. This is during something as simple as turning on lights or asking it to shuffle songs. Wouldn't buy again and starting to look at other smart speakers."	2	June 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It works as well as any of our Alexa products. Bought this one to upgrade my original dot, but it’s going back, because no one in the house likes it’s sphere shape…will have to wait for the next redesign.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I own the original Echo and love it. The new model is a disappointment. First, I find the sound quality to be lacking, worse than the 1st edition. It is pretty fuzzy and is really distorted at higher volumes.Also the new Echo does not include a remote. This wouldn't be a problem if the voice recognition worked better. As it is I find myself screaming at the darn thing to get it to respond. I have driven myself crazy  trying to sync the two devices to play at the same time. They never play the same thing together, and half the time one plays while the other talks about something unrelated to the request. They occasionally get the fire-tv stick in on the action, just for fun. I still haven't figured it out.I have the original Echo in my living room and the new Echo in the bedroom. They are a full room and hallway apart from one another. If I am on the couch the Echo in the bedroom responds and if I am in the  bedroom standing right next to the new Echo, the one in the living room responds. This is ridiculously annoying.I'm actually annoyed with myself for getting so annoyed by what is essentially a first world problem. Arghh.  ""Alexa, play the meditation station."""	2	April 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had the old Alexa for years continually having problems with it doesn’t recognize what you’re saying doesn’t answer doesn’t hear you doesn’t really work very good And the new or Alexa exactly the same thing on the market this product you should do a better job take some lessons from Apple	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 3 of these things now, all different flavors. I need to speak louder for this unit to hear me. And when I speak louder the one in the kitchen hears me. Maybe I missed a sensitivity setting somewhere.	3	February 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had a 1st Gen Alexa. She was tall, elegant, and dare I say graceful. But as all things do, she died. I think her carcass is around here somewhere. This new Alexa came and she's pretty - one big bubble. But her voice recognition skills are terrible. If I'm playing the Jeopardy app I had to have meditated ahead of time in order to have the patience for the 18 times it craps out during the game. I miss Alex Trebek, but it makes me want to kill him. When she eventually comes down off her high horse long enough to play music, she's very fickle about what she'll play. She'll play Billy Joel, but don't even think about asking her to play music from Encanto. She'll make you feel dumb for wasting her time by asking.Do yourself a favor and take care of your 1st or 2nd Gen Echo. They're a rare breed and deserve all the love, care, and attention you can give them.	2	December 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update: Changed up to 3 stars. I received a call from amazon and they helped me fix the long delay issue. You cannot have it give a tone when you say the wake word, something that I liked. The bad is that the temp sensor is always way off. I have 2 different sensors in the same room to check and it's about 10deg off. I got this so that I can have it turn on and off an ac unit at specific temps. The room gets over 80deg while the rest of the house is like 70deg. The sensor in the echo will say it's 71 but all the other sensors will say 80 in this room.Update: changed this to a 1 star. I constantly have to repeat commands to my echo and then it will take about 60 seconds to complete them, if it ever does complete them.Love the sound quality but it takes longer than my 3rd gen echo dot did to execute commands.	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I recently upgraded from the old, tall Alexa to this new 4th generation version.  I also got a new Echo Dot with clock.  I loved my old Alexa Echo and old Alexa Dot.  I am not so happy with these newer versions.  Perhaps it's the new shape, but it's clear that the new devices do not pick up on sound as well as the older versions did.  I have to constantly repeat ""Alexa"" to get their attention.  Is the new dome shame inhibiting them in some way?  And also very annoying is the fact that because the light is now at the bottom of the device, instead of at the top of a tower, it's not seen as easily.  So sometimes, Alexa may hear, but the light is not visible.  Why did you ruin a good thing?  The dome shape is not nearly as appealing and it doesn't do the job as well.  Very disappointing."	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not for people who are technically deficient.  I'm not good with computers and associated items - this item requires troubleshooting at times and is above my pay grade.  Not as simple as they make you believe.  😉	3	January 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Do you enjoy manually turning the speaker in your direction every time you move around the room? Well, you'll be glad to hear that Amazon has an Echo for you! It only plays out of one side - revolutionary! Just pick it up whenever you move and turn the speaker in your direction!Seriously a terrible product, but when compared to Apple home pod.....it's still awful just not as awful as Apple home pod. Setting the bar high is not part of the strategy.  Which brings me to this:  if you want to play anything other than Amazon branded content - you will have to be prepared to battle the device constantly as it refuses to acknowledge that you have the default set to competitor subscriptions. Apple Music is Alexa's arch rival! She will do anything to keep you away from your music. She will try to shove Amazon music subscriptions down your throat even though you have Prime! (Hmmm- need to get rid of that then...).  I can deal with the poor sound quality but not frequent devious detours back to Amazon music as the default and having to reconnect my Apple account. I don't want to hear anymore reasons, I just want the games to stop!	2	September 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Had the echo for guess going on 6 months.  Was great to begin with.  Sound is decent and really only thing i use it for is controlling lights.  For the past month or so though the damn ring light will come on white and just spin all the time.  I chatted with  customer service a couple weeks ago and their fix was to uninstall the app on my phone then unplug and plug back in the echo.  So that fixed it while chatting.  Two days later started doing it again and now some days it goes 24 - 48 hours straight.  The echo dot in my bedroom did it once at night.  So getting to the point to unplug them both and see what my options are from there.  Very frustrating!!!  I did the remove the app and reboot them again one evening and again that fixed it for like a day.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I hate when she's isn't working properly sometimes she doesn't listen go's off some where else	3	April 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you connect a device to the Echo for bluetooth it YELLS at you when you open anything that uses audio and it has heard anything for 10 minutes.  It is LOUD and there is NO WAY to turn it off.  This has been the same for years and they refuse to fix it.  So if you want to use this for bluetooth, you'll be wasting your money.  They Amazon programmers are apparently not smart enough to add this much desired feature of telling her to STOP YELLING AT ME.	1	October 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have three Echo V3 and now the new Echo V4. I find that the Echo 4 sounds not much better but can be louder and is comparably a bit deaf. Also both versions (as well as the Echo Dot) have extremely low signal level on the auxiliary output making connection to a powered speaker or a stereo receiver difficult without some intermediate gain device. As to being deaf, the Echo 4 requires that one must be very close (4-5 feet) or to yell in order for Alexa to receive commands. Also, there is no remote available for Echo 4. The Echo V3 has no such issues and easily understands commands from a reasonable distance (across the room) using a moderate voice level.I have relegated my Echo 4 to a small room and brought back the Echo 3 to the kitchen where I use it most, sometimes with the remote when others are conversing in the room.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Heavy on the bass with next to no treble.  The mic, as with all Echo devices are horrible.  The noise cancelation and ability to block its own sound are laughable.Edit 5/30/2021: I got a call within 8 minutes of posting this review. I was shocked but it was customer service to address my concerns. That level of Customer Care is unheard of and for that reason alone I would recommend using the Alexa devices. As for their tips; they showed me my area of lack of knowledge and how to correct it. In the app you can adjust the Bass, Mid, and Treble I didn't know that. Having made this changes the sound is far better. For the mic they had me remove and resync the devices. This shad had a somewhat positive result but it is still to early to be 100% sure. I would say accuracy has gone up 50% but still not fully there. I hope this can be figured out further with software updates. I will update this again in a few months to see if it has changed. For now I highly recommend the devices for the interface, flexibility, sound, price, and the absolute boss level Customer Care. Mic still needs work but it is minor at this point compared to all the other things.	2	May 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased 4 of these units to replace 2nd generation dots in various parts of the house. They arrived, and after setup I have noted that the new Echos are slower to respond and be ready to accept commands than the original Dots.If you say ""Alexa"" the original dot is ready within about a second to be listening, but the new units are two to three seconds slower to even begin listening so now instead of saying ""Alexa what is the weather today"" you have to say,""Alexa........"" go have a coffee, twiddle thumbs,""..................what is the weather today."" They are also definitely slower than the google home units. This appears to have been a big step backwards in regards to speed. But that could also be because of the new AZ1 chips in them.But, with that said, the sound quality is a lot better than the old unit, doesn't make up for the lags in responses, but it does make for a better music streaming experience."	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	So, we’ve had the 4th gen for a year and a half. I understand the updated echo can hear you over loud music, however, the echo still fails to understand word & names when we request songs. It’s so bad that we have to walk over to the echo to repeat ourselves. Sometimes I have to spell words and names. Can’t wait for the newest addition, or for a sale on an older edition.	2	June 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My Dots alert me when Amazon delivers immediate. The Dot can hear me 15 feet away while this one only 5 feet. The Ball alerts my Amazon orders up to 12 hours after the Dot. Sounds good but hard of hearing.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	device is unresponsive or does not answer questions correctly or play requests for music. nor will Alexa stop when it starts with the weong request.  I would like to slow down responses as the speech from alexa is often too fast to understand and respond.	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really liked my gen 2 echo. This new one does not sound as nice. Doesn’t look as nice. It has a white cord that does not match, and Alexa turns up the volume when I say “Alexa turn off”. I’ll play with the EQ more but the Gen 2 sounded great out of the box. Lights on the bottom are also annoying.	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Initial setup was a breeze.  But failed multiple times when trying to get it to join existing Alexa groups already in the house, because it was 'unrecognized network'.  Only way to have all the Echo speaker groups to integrate was to reset router (Nighthawk Mesh) to factory settings and rebuild the entire house network of wi-fi devices using new network name and password, which took alot of time.	3	November 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Can't access enough info.  Responds before I ask the full question.  Quits playing songs by any particular singer after a small number.  Doesn't know what I asked sometimes.	3	February 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had the original Alexa for about 6 years now and I wanted an upgrade. I purchased this speaker thinking it would be better in sound quality but I was disappointed. The sound quality is sub par and it does not turn up very loud if you like to blast your music like I do while cleaning, cooking or taking a shower. The main reason why I returned my purchase is because it just stopped connecting to my WiFi. No matter what I tried, it would not connect. There were a few other annoying glitches that I dealt with that I never had happen with the original speaker. The thing that I did enjoy was the color changing light bulb that came with it. Other than that, I’ll just continue using my old speaker. It actually connects and sounds better than the newer version.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Many times I asked a question and I would be given a totally different answer.  I never had this problem with google dot.	3	March 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This makes no sense.  We purchased a black echo for a reason.  So it would blend in on our black counter with black backsplash.  Now we have a big, white plug and white cord sticking out like a ""sore thumb.""  Why can't you send a black cord with a black echo???"	2	July 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I loved this device until I played techno music and busted the speaker.  It was between volume 3 and 4 which isn’t loud at all, and it busted it due to the bass.  I didn’t change the bass setting on my echo either.	3	January 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It can’t hear you when the tv is on.  It says it has adaptive volume, I’ve heard no evidence that this is true.  I ask it to change volume and it periodically tells me “that feature is not supported”.  I don’t understand why the reminders volume is not set by the alarm volume.  Reminders whisper and alarms sound fine.  My echo dot seems to be far more reliable than the echo.	3	October 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Me: “Alexa, lights on.”“Several things share the name ‘lights,’ which one do you want?”Me: “All of them!”“There’s no device named ‘all of them.’”Me: “Alexa, lights on!!!”*lights turn on*	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought these to connect to Samsung tv, connection works great . However you need to disconnect it from tv before turning off tv. If you don't Alexa stops communicating,  you literally have to unplug the speaker  to get it back to communicating!	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"It claims I can add other speakers to it and have surround sound in my entire house.  So I followed the instructions to get my existing Bose speakers added as devices, than created the groups.  It will play one of the Bose speakers, tried the other but failed to connect, and doesn't play itself when it plays the one Bose speaker it does play.  I want all three speakers (including the Echo) playing the same thing in synch, controlled by Alexa.  When I tried to get Alexa to do it she asks for a speaker to group, I say ""SoundTouch"" and she says she can't find ""SoundTouch"" then searches and says ""I found SoundTouch, should I add that speaker?""  Duh, that's what I asked for."	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Was a pretty good deal for the upgrade until I received it....  It's a black echo with a white cord.  What an eye sore.  They also used a cheap stadard plug this time.  Definitely a  down grade.	3	January 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"As a speaker, it's good. Sounds nice. Understands me well. And can be helpful with many tasks and reminders, but what ruins it for me is Amazon uses it unapologetically to constantly advertise and make sales. It is intrusive.For instance, ask it for the weather and after giving you a response, it says, ""By the way, I can now recommend gift ideas. Would you like to hear one now?""Seriously?! Who thought that I would need a smart speaker that spends it's time trying to convince me to buy more crap. How is that going to make life better?I've turned all the settings off for advertising, but it ignored it in this case as it doesn't think that gift ideas is another form of advertising. If this continues, I will be selling all of my Amazon stuff and dumping them altogether.I don't need a billboard in my house. Maybe I'll try Google smart speakers instead."	2	December 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tried this out, compared this to our existing Echo and sound quality was better.  Been in use in our great room and her hearing us was not good.  Tried it in about 4 locations and not very good hearing.  Have moved it to our bedroom, still doesn't hear well, but then it isn't used as much.	3	December 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"So i lost my connector for my smart lights and my friend said hey alexa works with them regardless So i was all for it... Until i received it and wow... sound quality is wonky set it to 10 talks really loud but that's it, alarms will be quiet music eh and the quality of the music is subpar.. so yeah.  Now Voice recognition is dumb it'll just randomly activate for no reason no prompting no one saying anything close to ALEXA nothing... now some of the apps are kinda cool for it but not worth.. most of them you have to buy which is dumb and just greedy and then ask it anything and it'll say ""I do not know that"" or something similar i could ask my Google home ANYTHING and it would try to answer me... i could ask it to convert 62.23 USD to CAN and it would no problems but ask Alexa ""I do not know that"" i could ask google home ANYTHING and i would get an answer and yeah some of the more Vague ones with google would get me some randomish or not exactly what i wanted but atleast it would try and would get something close instead of a big Pile of Nothing... i wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this period, especially over a google home or even a google home mini"	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound of this speaker is great but if you plan on using 2 or more of them in parallel, go with something else.  I purchased 2 of the echo 4th gen speakers and in 2 different homes(on 2 different internet/wifi systems) they would regularly cut out at least every other song.  As such I bought 2 of the new echo dots, and have them bluetoothed to much better speakers and have save >$100.  Sadly, with the 2 brand new echo dots, I am still getting the cut out and at times static but only when I am playing the music over multiple dots.  The echo 4th gen speakers are being returned as the cost does not justify the music regularly cutting out.  I'm sure that at some point they will figure out how to run multiple echo speakers/dots without the music cutting out or high levels of static, but until then I am going to cut my losses.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I feel bamboozled. I have owned every Echo/Echo+, and every time it has gotten progressively better. I’ve really enjoyed watching a well-made product get better and better with no major downsides for years. I actually look forward to buying the new generation each time.So I’m really, really disappointed with this fourth generation. Its smaller form factor means its microphone is physically located much closer to its base, so if you had your Echo+ on a side table (like me), expect your experience to take a serious nosedive. I repeat myself four or five times, getting louder each time sometimes. I have an echo dot in the next room and about 25% of the time IT picks up before the Echo 4th gen does.An overall downgrade, unfortunately. Making devices smaller is not always an improvement. Maybe the mics are placed in worse locations, I don’t pretend to know.	2	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don't think it's recognition is as good as my older echo. The sound is better but the sacrifice is the size and form of the object. Guess I'll live with it for now.	3	February 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This product is fine. I just thought that something listed as having premium sound would have a better bass note. Especially with the size.	3	March 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	We have had all of the different models through the years and have one in every room. This is by far the one we have the most problems with from doing simple commands. We constantly have to unplug this one to reset. Would skip this one.	3	December 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had two of the original Alexas, the tall ones. One still worked great, the other one kept stopping for no reason so I thought I would update. Big mistake.  First of all, I don't like the blue ring being on the bottom, I can't always see it so I don't know if Alexa is responding. 2nd of all, I hate the volume button. It also does not go as loud as my other Alexa. I do not notice any improvement in the sound quality. I also don't think Alexa responds as well as the taller one. The only advantage is the pause button, so I can put Alexa to sleep while my 3 yo grandson is visiting so he'll stop yelling at her to do things. I should have known newer does not always make for better. I bought the larger echo and the smaller echo, for a smaller area upstairs. Disappointed with both.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	There are times the voice recognition won't acknowledge and there are times when the Bluetooth won't pair with my external speaker bar.  Unfortunately these occurances aren't consistent so I cannot spot a trend in these behaviors.	3	January 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Of all my Echo speakers, I'm most disappointed with this one.  I should've just purchased a second 3rd gen.The 4th gen's sound doesn't carry as far.  It won't pair with my Echo remote.  It doesn't want to pair with anything via Bluetooth.My two biggest complaints are the reaction time and dropped connection.I have my Echo 4th gen is by far the slowest to light-up when I say ""Alexa.""  My 1st gen is faster.When playing music everywhere, the speaker will sometimes stop playing.  The rest of my echo devices throughout the house will continue to play, but the 4th gen will drop out, even though it's still connected to WiFi.  I found that if I just wait, it'll start playing again, but only for a few seconds, and then it'll prematurely force the system to skip to the next song.What I do like... I guess the fabric cover is nice."	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	MATCH THE COLOR OF THE CORD TO THE DEVICE... or, don't offer color choices at all! Simple.The sound quality is... meh. Not great, to bass-y and not well balanced. Alexa is borderline mentally disabled and not useful for much.Save your money, voice recognition isn't ready for prime time. None of the devices work very well.	3	December 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was tired of waking up to a beeping alarm and always hitting snooze so many times that I was frequently getting to work later than I wanted. So, as a solution, I bought an Amazon Echo to one simple task: wake me up to what is essentially a commercial-free radio of my own music library. Alexa doesn't even have the capability to do that! If I pick a playlist to wake me up, it ALWAYS starts with the first song on the playlist, and it ALWAYS starts with shuffle mode turned off. I've tried asking it to shuffle my playlist when setting my alarm, leaving Spotify on shuffle the night before, and asking Alexa to turn shuffle mode on the night before, but none of them work--it wakes me up with shuffle off. Why is this simple wish so difficult to fulfill? I couldn't find an iPhone app that does this, which is why I bought an Echo. Alas, it appears software that can execute this very basic concept still has not been sufficiently developed for iPhone users. I am jealous of the Android users that have Google clock.	2	October 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don't like the fact that Alexa will not connect with my television. Even though my television is compatible with the Alexa system	3	March 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"My original Echo finally died and I recently bought this newer/round model. I use use my Echo as an alarm clock/Timer/Reminder. I have it positioned on top of a medium height bookshelf about 10 feet away from where I sleep.  I find I am constantly shouting at my Echo. ""ALEXA, SNOOZE!"" ALEXA! ALEXA! ALEXXXXXXA SNOOZE! It's not the best way to wake up in the morning.I feel like the distance and direction of which you are talking to it matters. If I hang my head off the bed to shout it seems to work better :POtherwise works great to listen to music while I work , reminders and timers."	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have a home in Florida and a Home in New York when I play the echo in Florida it interferes with a unit in New York somebody was at my home using it and it ceased to work, Also playing Amazon music on my cell phone cause issues with echoes playing music at the house	3	December 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not to much louder than a small regular echo dot in my opinion.  If you're looking for good stereo sound or quality this is not the device for that. It gets the job done to allow you to hear some whistle wile you work music or audio books but that is all.	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Difficult to connect with multiple fire sticks in the house. Would not connect to brand new Samsung smart TV without a fire stick. It doesn’t always connect with our other echo speakers. But the sound is great. We will try again to set up. We got frustrated and gave up after several hours	3	December 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 4 different versions of the echoes and the other 3 work great but for some reason this one is constantly dropping the music and seams to get confused easily.	2	August 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is only a wee bit better than the previous model. However, the light ring at the base of the orb is far too bright and too large. There is no way to disable this unnecessary light ring. I buy speakers to listen to them not to watch them. I rate this product a fail for the inability of users to disable the light ring.The light ring feature on the new Echo 4th gen is a complete failure. It is too large. It is too bright. When I mute the microphone it glows bright red for no good reason since the microphone button is also glowing red. The designers of the device failed. I should be able to turn  off the light ring completely. But I can't even adjust its brightness. I can't use this device where I wanted since it always calls too much visual attention to itself. I don't need a light ring. My Google Nest Audio Speaker, which costs about the same as the Echo 4th generation, does not call unwarranted attention to itself, like the Amazon device.The Echo worthless to me and I expect to return it and replace it with another Google Nest Audio Speaker. I prefer the functionality of Alexa and the Alexa app over Google Assistant but the physical speaker's appearance and sound matter more than all the wiz-bang features of either system.	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love the sound but the speaker already sounds semi blown after a month. Not sure if it’s due to it being a refurb.  Sound is still ok but I’ve never turned the volume past 60%.	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Very nice device! I would love to have given it 5 stars, but the voice / command recognition is below par. I sometimes find myself yelling at it, before it finally wakes up to follow directives. The neighbors must think I'm out of my mind!! Also, when I for example ask about the wind speed of certain regions, it's never gotten it right once. It's generally lower, off by at least 10 mph! I always have to revert to asking Google which gets it right. I hope Amazon will do an update for at least the voice recognition. That would be awesome, since otherwise it works pretty well with the attached smart devices, once it finally wakes up!	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We replaced a couple order Alexa units with these because they were supposed to have much better sound.  They sort of due.  They have much better directional sound, but don't fill a space/room as well as the older non-directional units.THe biggest annoyance is these are much worse at voice recognition, they are always struggling to hear us, and when they do hear us they frequently mistake the command.  These are in the exact same locations as our old units that worked great.	2	May 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It has had some problems with setting on the volume. It kept returning to the factory setting of 3 witch was way way too low. I called about this and had a hard time under standing what I was being told to fix it right now it's volume is stable so far.	3	December 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted to love this product. I bought two to use with my fire stick as a home theater option. It worked for 3 days then simply stopped working. The speakers would pair,but wouldn’t play sound. Individually the speakers would work, but when paired (any way) no sound would come out. I reset and started from square one multiple times on each product and it never worked again. To top it off, I had 3 30min-60 min conversations with Alexa help desk where they tried the exact same solutions, wrote a trouble ticket and said they would call me back with a solution. I spoke with 3 separate people who never called back… the first phone call was over a week ago, so I gave enough time.I have now returned the products and am been reluctant to purchase and echo Device again. Apple May have less products to integrate… but at least the ones it has will work. Highly disappointed.	2	December 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo 4th generation temperature are not working.  It’s will announce the temperature in the house if you ask.  But I want it to setting the temperature routine to trigger the ceiling fan when the room above 74 Fahrenheit to turn the ceiling fan on, it not doing it.  So I call in for tech support several time to get help, I got nothing out of it.  Thought, they did told me the the echo 4th generation are unable to trigger ceiling through temperature control routine.  They say that the echo 4th gen only can tell the temperature in the if you ask but that is it.  But when I read on the echo 4th gen routine it clearly stated that through routine it can be set to activate ceiling fan when the temperature above or below certain degree automatically without have to manually gone through Alexa app to turn it on.  Do anyone have echo 4th gen have the issue?  The experience I have with technical support are very unpleasant, she is rude, and she hang up the phone on me.  I have been using google home and think about switching to Alexa but now due to the unpleasantly rude and unwillingly to work helping to fix the issue.  Hmm maybe switching to Amazon Alexa devices are not the way to go.  That’s it just too bad.	1	February 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My echo plus recognizes my voice better that this echo.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound adjustment controls could work better and my unit had an issue of shutting down unexpectedly and static noises have been noticed	3	March 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	My goodness. This thing is a pain in the butt. I bought this to replace my 3rd gen echo. First thing I noticed is the mic barely hears me. My 3rd gen echo hears me loud and clear even when music is blasting I've whispered to it to test it and it heard me fine, but this 4th gen needs to be yelled at 98% of the time I'm less than a foot away from it. Second, I noticed when I played my playlist it had songs missing, so it tells me if I want the missing songs back I have to upgrade to amazon music unlimited for $7.99 a month which makes no sense cause I'm doing amazon music unlimited for  $2.99 a month already. I plugged my 3rd gen back in and the songs on my playlist all came back free of charge and were all there. So I plug my 4th gen back in hoping somehow the issue fixed itself and it's back to telling me I need to pay $7.99 a month again. Seriously? What's wrong with this dysfunctional product? I might return it if it's gonna keep acting like a cheap pile of garbage like this. And as for the sound quality, I honestly can barely tell the difference between it and my 3rd gen.	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a lot of Echo devices around the house.  I bought this one to start to try out the built-in 'smart home hub' functionality to see if it could replace some of the more complex home automation devices we have in our home.  So far, the answer is 'no'.  I started simple, testing with a couple of Zigbee lightbulbs I already had. The web page for the Gen4 echo says it supports both of the two bulbs I had (from different mfgs).  It will not discover either of them in a lamp only about 8' away from the Echo.  Both are discoverable from another hub device.  I very much like the idea of using an Echo device as my smart home hub -- but I don't hink this particular device is ready for prime time yet.	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker is ugly, the light is at the base and difficult to see in a lighted room.  The base is too loud on some songs and washes out the words.  All in All not much of an upgrade from level 3.	3	December 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa has a difficult time connecting with my phone with wifi.	3	April 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The first few months I had this I don't recall ever having to reset the device(pulling power cord out and in).Now about every week it will light up letting me know it heard ""Alexa,"" but never respond and eventually go back to sleep. No smart switch commands will execute or anything, the only fix is to reset it. This is a major problem when I've set an alarm or reminder and Alexa now won't activate those alarms/reminders.And no... This has nothing to do with my internet. I have 1:1 gb fiber. Also I'm a software engineer with a part time job as a server administrator. I know my network and machines better than anyone, and this device is simply screwing up."	2	February 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have some issues with it not doing what I ask it for. I ask it to play some sleep sounds for one hour or 2 hours and some time it will and sometimes it will do only 5 minutes.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to replace an Echo Plus cylinder unit that is connected to a sub woofer. That original configuration worked and sounded great. Suddenly with that one playlists would no longer consistently play, if at all. So, bought this 4 gen device thinking it would be comparable or better than the EP. Unfortunately, the sound is not as good and unit does not “listen” as well either. Have bought many of these devices since they hit the market. This is the first time being disappointed by one. It’s a step back- what a disappointment.	2	April 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nothing to write home about. I thought the sound would be amazing but it’s just okay.	3	March 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The one closest to me will play deaf on occasion. The one on the opposite side of the room will on occasion respond, but it seems the older echo’s (generation before this) now relocated to the kitchen and bedroom (approximately 20 feet away in either direction) seem to respond to commands better than the two new ones, I never had this issue with my older ones. They’ve all been reassigned locations under the Alexa app. Strange to hear the Echo’s in the kitchen and bedroom respond to commands compared to the one within arm reach.A LOT better sound than the previous generation though, not to Bose quality but a lot better!	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is excellent however it takes an average of three to four voice callings for it to finally recognize and acknowledge your voice much worse voice recognition then my older generation Alexa.	3	January 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 1 Echo and 2 Echo dots, and they always confuse which should play the music. When I talk to the Echo dot on the 2nd floor to play music, the Echo on the first floor plays it....	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the fact that I don’t need to get up to turn out lights. It’s sometimes hard to understand instructions for me.	3	February 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Needs improvement I think it’s about Time that Amazon does something about The problem that Alexa has trouble understanding requests I see no improvement in that area since the first Amazon echo that I purchased it’s about time Amazon makes The necessary improvements.	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bout this to replace my gen 1 in my living room. My gen 1 is now in the basement. This new one can’t hear worth a damn. Have to yell even when I’m only 6 feet away. Never had or currently have that issue with the gen 1.it looks nicer but other than that, gen 1 is way better	2	June 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This was to be used as the primary sound/music system in our townhouse.  Bought a Wonderboom speaker to pair with it based upon online reviews.  I still can't pair it with Echo.  Wonderboom pairs fine with my iPhone, iPad, but when I ask Alexa to ""Pair"" I always get the same response - no devices detected.  I've tried pairing through the app but the instructions are incomplete and poorly written, and it still doesn't work.  If you just want a standalone Echo it is fine, but if you want it to be the basis of a broader sound system, be prepared for lots of frustration!"	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you live commercials get ready! You will hear a lot. Alexa seems to be so confuse most of the times.	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Have had it less than 2 months and already static happens. Sounds crackly. Doesn't pick up my voice and gets my requests incorrect, often.	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I traded in my original 1st generation Echo for this 4th generation unit because there were some very enticing trade in promotions.  I totally regret doing it.Looks:  the 4th generation looks much nicer than previous models, especially this Twilight Blue model.Sound: sound is good, but I keep this unit in the center of the my apartment, so front-firing speakers are not good.Performance:  This model's microphone array is not nearly as sensitive or performant as the 1st generation. I often have to raise my voice and repeat myself to get the Echo to do what I want it to do. . .or my 3rd Gen Echo Dot which is 2x the distance away from me will hear the command.  I rarely had to do this with the 1st generation model.  I really cannot wait until a next generation model comes out with decent microphone performance so I can trade this in.Update:  Customer Service or Technical Support saw this review and called me within a few hours of my post.  They suggested that I changed the wake word and then restart the Echo, but there was no improvement.  Kudos for paying attention, but this feels like a hardware/design flaw at the moment.	2	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Aside from the ugly circular shape and white power cord w/black model, it works and sounds great.  I wish Amazon would go back to the 2nd Generation style premium speaker.	3	January 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds good when paired with another Gen 4 and a sub but it’s pretty flakey. Sometimes it hears you and sometimes it doesn’t. Sometimes it understands you and sometimes it doesn’t. It does this thing when you tell it to stop playing music where it stops the music then plays a second of the music again then stops, kinda like when you old Ford Pinto diesels after you turn the engine off. I hope it’s just some software issues and not a physical design flaw. I invested in 4 of these plus 2 subs to cover music in the entire house.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I live in an area where there are internet outages every week and when this happens I can't even turn off the Zigbee lights because this thing doesn't have ""Local voice control""."	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds better but at sacrifice of voice recognition and shape. 50% worse voice recognition in my experience. And the ball shape and design is annoying. Only would buy on discount. Regret turning in my 3rd gen. Would not but as gift.	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa’s voice has a muffled quality to it and the unit is huge!  It can no longer be discrete but dominates the table top unnecessarily.	3	January 25, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Poor sound quality. Yes, it has bass, but no matter how it was adjusted the sound quality was muddy.	3	February 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Good speakers	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have crappy 2nd and 3rd gen Dots. I can't stand how they sound on their own, so I use 3rd party speakers, which greatly improve the quality. The speaker base for the 2nd gen has been fritzing, so I thought why not spend more money for a single product that should work better and hopefully sound as good.Well, friends, it does not sound as good. I don't know if I have a bum unit — I don’t think I do — but Alexa's voice sounds awful. Podcasts are fine, and music is fine — not great, but fine, and so much better than her voice, which is why I don't think it's a bum unit. Alexa's voice is so muddy it's almost un-understandable. I'm returning it. I'll just get a new Bluetooth speaker to go with my old Dot.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was super excited to upgrade my echo dot 3 to the new Echo! I now regret that decision immensely!! I mean, yes the sound quality is a LITTLE better than the dot 3 but not enough to justify the hefty price tag and it not recognize my voice within 3 feet. Heck, even my echo dots pick up what I am saying and they are in the other side of the apartment	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	All works good, but why send a black  device with a white power cord.ALL my other devices have black cords.I tried to return Echo ball but found out black cord not available.Would not order again.	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	So all this time I was anxious waiting on my echo 4 I have the 3 and it works just fine but this one the sound is really good and its loud I only gave it 3 stars cause when I tell Alexa to stop playing a song I have to scream just so it can hear me and even when told to stop it still keeps playing music also if I'm on a song and want to stop and start another one it will come right back to the song I was listening somehow its not getting the commands right so its a little frustrating what I do like is that it will find any device and set up very quickly like the light bulbs or any smart device	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Google home mini works with my Philips Hue Hub. Lights turn on and off with no problems. Alexa will not allow the skill to work on my Philips Hue smart Hub. This is very disappointing.	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I preferred the last generation. Speaker sounds more clear but the older version listened better.	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I wanted to replace a 2nd Gen Dot with a full size Echo.  It was just when the pre-order for Echo 4th Gen opened.  I figured, ""Sure!  This will be good!""  Unfortunately I was very, very wrong.I, like other purchasers, have the issue of poor microphone sensitivity.  I find myself repeating ""Alexa"" about 3 times before it wakes up.  I'll give it a command and it will just wait in limbo until I repeat the command.Additionally, like other purchasers,  I don't like that it came with a white power cord.  It looks stupid with a charcoal unit.The sound quality is AWFUL!  I believe part of the issue is that the speaker is angled from 1/2 way up the front to the base of the back.  The rest of the top is just plastic, not speaker.  I didn't think about it at the time but it's a stupid design.  Sound is being pushed out and down.  Perhaps if I put it on a high shelf it would sound better but should I HAVE to place it on a high shelf to be able to hear it properly?Interestingly, I was charged full price for the ""free"" Philips bulb that was included with the pre-order.  I hadn't actually noticed until just the other day.  So they screwed me on that.I would have returned the Echo 4th Gen but, like an idiot, I threw away the box before I realized how bad a product it is.  So it's pretty much a paperweight now.Save yourself the aggravation and skip this one."	1	November 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I traded in my 3rd gen charcoal for a 4th gen of the same color. When I started unpacking the device I figured there must have been a mistake since the cord was white. After chatting with Amazon support and looking at reviews for the device I realized this was intended. I could perhaps see why a twilight or red variant might not come with a matching cord, but it doesn’t make sense to me why the charcoal wouldn’t come with a black cord.The echo otherwise is excellent. The sound quality is improved upon the prior generation with the additional tweeter. The new shape seemed different at first but it doesn’t bother me at all anymore and it looks nice. If it came with a matching cord and considering the price I picked it up at, it would be a 5 star product.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The full size Echo is better for larger rooms than the Dot. The bass is better.  As a hub it can enable you to work with more devices.	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The simplicity of setting up smart devices as well as a very solid platform with controlling them.  Alexa voice Recognition is less than average as time goes on she tends to get worse with recognizing voices.	3	December 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa is great, but sound quality is disappointing at the price point.	3	March 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have several older Echos and they seem to work way better than this one.  It has gone completely unresponsive several times (Won't respond to ""Alexa"" commands).  I have to reboot it to resolve.  Also, have it paired with my Mac Mini as an external speaker.  Sound over Bluetooth cuts out regularly and is very cracky.  Mac works fine with any other Bluetooth speaker I have, so I'm sure it's the Echo.  Connecting over Bluetooth goes unresponsive at least once a week.  Have to reboot and re-pair to get it to work again.  I've been very pleased with all other Echo devices I have... but, this one is really letting me down."	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing is absolutely dogsh with Apple Music, so if you were planning on buying this to stream Apple Music don’t even bother	3	February 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I would never call this premium sound. Sound quality on par with an average clock radio.	3	March 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is worse than the 3rd gen echo dot.  You have to be closer and speak more clearly for it to work.  Bought for the sound quality.  Apparently this is a tradeoff to voice recognition.	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Works great with good sound. But can’t get the zigbee hub to work so I bought a habitat	3	February 27, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not that good..Would not recomend.	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Let me start by saying if the replacement speaker sounds better, I’ll change my 2-star review.We have a household full of Echo Dots, of various generations.  I finally decided to buy the full sized Echo for our living room, as we often play music and other things as a family in this room. I was excited to have better speaker quality and was willing to pay a little more for it.After 2 days, we noticed the sound would crack, in addition to everything sounding a bit muffled. I tried adjusting the equalizer to reduce bass, assuming that was the cause of the muffled sound, but no dice. Still sounded like it was behind a door or under water.  Not to mention, the random crackles of sound.Amazing was great, and offered a replacement over Support Chat. But… the replacement sounds just as poorly out of the box.We’ve got a third device coming - I’m not giving up yet (so many good reviews, right??) but I’m not optimistic.  As of this moment, the 3 year old Echo Dot we had in here before had clearer sound and better voice recognition.  Yikes Amazon….	2	May 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bass quality improvement is not noticeable from my last echo. I will say her name and she keeps talking. Maybe she needs to get use to me. I don’t know.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have this plus three echo dots. I’m not sure what to do with them. I read somewhere that these devices are not often used. I believe it.	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	To start i'll say that the sound quality is better than the small dot but not great by any means. The voice recognition is absolutely horrible. I can stand right next to it and it is a 50/50 shot if it will react when i give a voice command. Now i use it to control an echo link and when you pause and tell it to resume then it isn't even smart enough to go back to the same source that it was playing from prior to pausing. Amazon products are starting to leave a bad taste in my mouth and this is no exception. Save your money.	1	September 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Even though the bass is much better than you base Echo, the high-mid range is muddled making the voice hard to understand. Not what I was expecting.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"We ""upgraded from a 1st gen to this one.  We liked the new look but disappointed in the sound quality. It also seems to recognize commands less frequently than the 1st gen."	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Every request fulfilled by this horrible box comes with an added request from the box.What's the weather?It's 65 degress outside.  *Do you also want to know the humidity?*What time is it?It's 9 am.  *By the way, I can also set timers and alarms.  Would you like to try that now?*Every.  Single. Request. Comes with an additional comment, question or suggestion.  I can't get this thing to do what it used to do when I bought it... Answer simple questions without adding interruptions.  I now own an obnoxious paperweight.Do not buy any Amazon product.  There are always strings attached.	1	September 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	When having external audio in, then connecting to bluetooth headphones. Turning off headphones, the audio will not return to echo unit without a power disconnect.	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is the second full 'echo' that I've owned (along with a 2 dots for smaller places).  And while this has the best sound so far (good, but perfect), it's got the worst microphones I've seen in such a device.  for other devices, I can be somewhat indiscriminate with where I'm directing my voice (or just talking), but here, I feel like I have to very specifically direct my voice at the device and almost raise it for it to hear me.  That feels like a clear loss capability as I really don't feel like yelling to get music to play.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible voice recognition. No remote so I have to shout just to lower the volume. I had the first model, which was perfect. Probably will try another brand's assistant next time.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality on this playing music is pretty sad.  Don't know we're they come up with HD sound	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought an entire Alexa speaker set-up (two echos, a sub, and an echo link) thinking I would use it as a home theater for both my TV and record player. It's an absolute nightmare to use. The speakers never connect correctly via wifi, the volume levels for the TV are too low, playing a record through the link works about 50% of the time. Unfortunately, I waited too long to return but I'll be selling these and buying a Sonos system.	1	October 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo is an Echo.  Standard everything.  Good sound.  Odd form factor.  My only real issue with this one is the bright white power cable.  Really, Amazon?  A bright white power cord for the charcoal-colored Echo?	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bass quality is good other than that wouldn’t of purchased if I knew how much the voice integration and linking devices would be so poor.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sometimes I’ll have to basically yell to get the echo to respond.  Others I’ll he further away and it responds just fine. Puts out great sound though. Pretty disappointed in the terrible voice recognition.	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Didn't know at time of purchase that monthly subscription is required. Not pleased about that.	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Very hard to turn off notifications, one has to go though an entire list and turn them off in every category.	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Keeps dropping off the system. I have 3 unitsLot of bugs.  Works good about 50 percent of the time	3	January 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had a 1st gen echo. upgraded to 2 4th gen echo devices. The sound quality is so bad. Adjusted the audio settings with minimal improvement. Simply horrible for listening to music. 1st gen had better sound.	3	December 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It just comes on when it wants to and will randomly change the channel on the TV.  It doesn’t recognize half the commands	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have a gen 1 google mini. I have just purchased this echo because I like how much 3rd party support Alexa has vs. Google and I use Amazon a ton. I also own a google phone. I figured I would get the Alexa with premium sound because surely that's better than a Google mini Gen 1.Setting up the Alexa is breeze. I still think it lacks simple recognition vs. Google.Sound quality - even with the ""premium sound"" version the Google mini still sounds better to me. I have them both right next to each other for comparison. Google is way better and works with my tidal which Alexa does not. I'm not an Audiophile but I still think Gen 1 Google mini is better. Fills the room better and has better bass. To test the sound between the two I used siriusxm symphony hall. Sad I wanted Alexa to be more. I was really hoping for more.Future proof? - not sure who will be the better long term investment but for now Google offers a little more for less. I really wanted Alexa to knock my socks off, but it just fell flat for me. For the price of Alexa Echo premium sound you can get two mini's.Sorry."	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	For some reason the music either skips in the middle of the song to the next song or just shut off completely.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really dislike this new shape. Alexa has more trouble hearing me, and I cannot see the blue bar at the bottom when I am just a little bit away. The taller shape made it easy to see the light (blue or otherwise) from anywhere in the room (no, there isn't a better place to put it) and I had far less trouble with Alexa hearing me. Short and round is not a good design for this. It affects the sound as well, as the speakers are lower. Putting my two new ones where I don't use them much, and putting my 3rd generation back where these are! Sound is good with this 4th generation, but I can't tell a significant difference between the two.	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Amazon started sending notifications asking for reviews of products. I do not want to be bothered with this type of unsolicited notifications.Also, The voice recognition is pretty good but you have to speak very loudly for it to pick you up.EDIT: I got to hand it to amazon. They saw the negative review and called to help me sort out which notifications were on and how to turn them off. I had already turned the notification off but if they are going to push new notifications with an ""opt out"" approach at least they will help you turn them off.  changed from 1 start to 3 starts."	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have 4 Alexa devices (Original Echo, 2 Echo dots, and an Echo Show 5) so I really wanted this one; it looked great in my buffet table and it has great sound! However, it I believe it had a faulty microphone array. I would be a ft or two feet far away and it would take 3-4 times me saying ""Alexa"" for it to hear me! I am not kidding. Sometimes, the older echo (which would be in the room next door ) would hear me and perform the command instead of this 4th gen, even when literally next to it. I am not sure if this was a defective unit, I think it works great as a simple bluetooth speaker but as an Alexa device it failed at recognizing ANY voice close-by."	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"My son warned me ""Don't buy an echo to listen to music. There's better devices by far.""I found if you want the latest top 20, it's great. But if you want to listen to classical like Yoyoma forget it."	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I've had this Echo speaker for about a year and have always had to unplug it and plug it back in every couple of days. It stops waking up and ignores me that frequently. After it resets, I have to reconnect Bluetooth, thoroughly irritating. It's either a lemon or these are all trash. I never expect electronics to last more than a couple of years so I kept it and got used to cursing at it more than speaking to it. For a device that doesn't work (literally!) half the time, to call it disappointing kind of misses the point. It almost qualifies as a scam. Now with inflation, the idea of replacing it with a newer, junkier version is ludicrous. Crappy job, Amazon, thanks a lot. You can stand to be less obvious in your blatant rip offs, and maybe try a little harder to make it worth our money. $90 is nothing to sneeze at, especially considering the marketing and sales opportunities these things provide for you.	1	June 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"We have several echos and have been very happy with them. This up grade just does not want to ""play music everywhere"", which is a winning feature for us."	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I got these because of the ""premium"" sound quality. I have had an echo spot for several years and the sound quality ov the 4th generation is much better. I have experienced two annoying issues, the first is the sound became muffles after a few weeks almost like listening to a mini AM radio. After cycling the power the muffled sound went away and all has been normal since. My second issue is the microphones on these devices (I purchased 2) are no where near as good as my spot. In fact while in my kitchen next to the 4th gen when I say the wake word it does not respond but the spot that is down the hall in my kids room hears me and responds. I hope this is a software issue that will be fixed soon."	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is a little weak but the sound quality makes up for it. Take advantedge of the tech support. I logged a ticket and got a call in less than 5 minutes. Absolutley unexpected and outstanding sound. I paired two 4th Gen Echos and subwoofer. Better than the $700 sound system I had in place. There seems to be an issue with the surround sound settings. If you adjust the audio settings on the Firestick to level the sound the speakers disconnect and you have to reboot the system. EXTREMELY ANNOYIING. Almost enough so that i want to return them. Can't say for sure the the latest Firestick is part of the problem as well. All system updates are current. Check out all settings before you lync up your other smart devices.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It does sound nice but it's so big! I'm looking into ways and place where I might put it on the wall. I wish they still made the previous model	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It’s decent sound, better than regular echo devices. However the voice recognition is terrible I think it’s 1/2 depth. My Alexa app at my room 1st generation recognize my voice almost whispering. Maybe it’s because I called the new device Echo and it’s not responding very good to that name (I keep my 1st device name Alexa). I am about to send it back to Amazon if this persist because it’s annoying to be calling 2-3 times rising my voice while my Alexa does it immediately"	3	December 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo sounds great. looks cool. Everything you would expect. BUT! I have an Echo Sub that will not pair with these no matter what I try! So, be warned if you have the Echo Sub - probably an issue.	3	November 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is great but voice recognition has been terrible. I have to repeat myself multiple times, it doesn’t do what I say. Honestly Amazon, what are you doing?Also, offer me a trade in and then claim my echo that I sent in doesn’t work anymore. Definitely considering switching my devices to google or apple for my next purchase.	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have several Echo Dots of various generations and they all work great. This thing has been nothing but problems. Apps fail to run, music only plays when it feels like it, freezes often, lights up when it hears the wake word and then fails to perform the action or acknowledge it, stops in the middle of actions/apps in progress... unacceptable. Unfortunately, the bulk of the issues didn't begin until just after the return window closed. Super convenient.The sound is great when it works but overall, I regret this purchase.	2	April 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I love what it does… when it works.Every couple of days it loses the WiFi connection. Sometimes it is a battle to keep it reconnected. I really hate hearing Alexa say, “I didn’t get that. The internet is not reachable.”  Yet the very same internet is accessible for both my apple iPad and iPhone… at the same time..""The only improvement I would like is a power off/on switch so I didn’t have to unplug it."	3	August 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	While the sound quality is better then the Echo Dot, the Alexa voice sound quality is disappointing & difficult to understand. The sound of music is pretty good.	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	No me agrada que la música se pausa es frustante escuchar la canción y se este pasando, es lo único malo de el producto	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	At random times it will make a loud static noise that gets very loud and goes through making different odd sounds. I found that unplugging it and plugging it back in resets it. This did not start going on until months after getting it and apparently too late to exchange it.	2	June 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I was disappointed that the advertised Echo (4th Gen) with ""premium sound"" for $59.99 was no where near the sound quality that I have in my  (3rd Gen) $19.99."	3	December 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is not good as compared to my previous version if Echo. Possible reason is placement of the receiver at the bottom of this new device.	3	December 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Use it to play music.  Leave it on for our dogs when we are gone and it turns off before we get back.  Very disappointed in it.	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not respond as well as my Generation 1 Echo did. Turns off in the middle of doing tasks & has stopped during music sometimes just stops for no reason.	3	December 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The echo premium sound is awesome the sound quality is very good the bass very good and the fact that I can turn into Bluetooth is awesome and hooked up to my fire TV to make my TV sound excellent	3	November 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo sounds great. Much better and fuller than the previous version. It does fall short in a couple areas tho.1.  It doesn’t listen as good as previous versions. You have to shout and sometimes say your request a couple times. Hopefully this can be fixed with a firmware upgrade. I am considering sending this back because it is a pain to repeat myself.2. The power adapter is white but the Echo unit is black. Not sure why this is. Not sure if there are different power requirements with this generation or not. That would make sense. Otherwise, it just looks weird. Not a deal breaker but it doesn’t look well thought out.I hope Amazon figures out the lack of voice recognition soon. It is a nice device otherwise.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	What I like is that it works more or less like my previous versions did. I can't notice that much difference in the sounds from earlier versions and this new echo device. What I found most troubling was that Amazon has begun to play games with its advertising. Looking over the echo device I saw that it came in different configurations. If I got 2 echo dots to go with this my sound would be terrific! As I said above , the sound was not noticeably different than previous versions and when I went to set up the system it comes out that the echo its package with is not compatible. I don't understand why they would sell something like that then? I wouldn't have wanted to shell out all that money!	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This unit has decent audio for a device of its size. I have not yet taken advantage of the hub feature. Without question, the microphone design must be flawed. I now have a second unit of this generation. I wondered if the first had a defective microphone, but since the second unit has the same problem, this is more likely a design flaw. I find myself needing to shout at the unit. The device that sits on my desk is less than 24 inches from me. I still must raise my voice and speak especially clearly. This was not necessary with earlier models.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	did not sound much better than the dot.  I returned and bought echo studio.  Hopefully its better sound.  still waiting on it.	3	January 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The product works fine.  The reason for only 3 stars is due to their trade in deal that did not amount to what they estimated it to be worth.  I traded in the first generation echo which is obviously old but i put it in one place when i first purchased it and it never moved.  When Amazon received the product that they estimated to have a trade in value of $25 i was told that that amount was reduced to $5 due to cracks and damage to the body or screen.  The device was in perfect working condition when it was returned.  I would have kept it if i was going to get $5 for it.  Lesson learned, do not trade in your old Amazon devices.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It won’t pair with the Alexa subwoofer that I bought at the same time.	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is my second one, I got it as a gift, would not have bought it myself as I was so disappointed with the last one.  Gave them a bad review, they called me right away, WHY?  They ask......well you only play 10 songs then shut off.  Not I have Amazon Prime and pay over 300 dollars a year and then only pay 10 songs??  I winter in FL and summer in MN.  They tell me I have to call them to let them know where I am so I can get Alexa.  REALLY???  Are you kidding??  I do not have to do that with my smart phone, or iPad.....I said we live in a world of technology and you are saying I have to call.  Call who, when do you every talk to to person??  This is stupid and only a way for them to make more money as they want you to up your account!  So interesting they do not want to play Alexa music, they are fine with Pandora or Spotify as that does not cost them money, I pay extra for both of them. I am telling you it is a scam!!!  Be careful........!!!!!!!.	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa never hears anything right. If she hears you at all you have to stand right next to it and shout as clear and slow as possible. Sometimes you repeat yourself so much you could’ve turned the damn light on on the other side of the room by hand and been less annoyed. It’s not completely useless but definitely not as convenient as it’s all hyped up to be.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Kept dropping and losing connections until you by amazon's eero for $600	3	February 16, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I decided to return this item. Free return only offered in a location that is 1+ hrs of driving away. I live in NYC.	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is update.Echo Dot is a good device. It produces a decent sound and recognizes my commands without any problem. And it is convenient and funny. One of the reasons I purchased the Echo was to play songs without using my computer or CD or mp3 player or phone. However, when I  asked Alexa to play a particular song, for example Girl by the Beatles, Alexa replied that I have to sign up for a $3.99 per month account and played some other random song. If you already has some a paid music account then Echo will be a good choice for you. But this is not that I wanted. Will probably return it.	3	May 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I love the new design and the music sounds wonderful… but the responsiveness is not there like it was with my 3rd gen echos. I upgraded but I kind of regret it. We use the echos a lot for timers and reminders when cooking and doing things around the house but we have to say everything at a minimum of 2 times for her to hear us. Super frustrating. If you use the echos strictly for music and only music, they’re great!	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is mediocre, but the software is HORRIFIC.  Doesn't understand the simplest requests.  So frustrating to use.  I have personally attempted to ask it to play a specific song 8 TIMES IN A ROW only for it to mess up and play either the wrong song or the wrong artist 8 TIMES IN A ROW.  Alexa's software is pure trash; I literally end up screaming at the top of my lungs to turn off whatever it decided to play instead, or to tell it not to order a product that wasn't even close to what I requested.  It is AWFUL.  Do yourself a favor:  don't ever buy ANYTHING that relies on Alexa voice recognition software; it is terrible, and Amazon doesn't seem to care to fix it.  They're making money, so why spend money to improve their software?  It's pathetic.	1	July 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition isn't refined enough Alexa does not listen she does not search hard enough to find things even though they are always there I'm really kind of more frustrated with her than anything she's not an addition to my knowledge she's more of a deterrent and an annoyance at this point	1	November 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I thought the sound would have been much better.	3	February 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	In my house I have a 3rd gen Dot and a studio. I had both of these prior to getting the latest echo sphere. The Echo sphere replaced the dot in my living room. It is much less responsive when I say Alexa, and regularly have to say it twice before it respnds. The dot in the same location never had this issue. There have been ocassions where I am looking directly at the sphere, less than 10 feet away and this doesn't hear me, but one of the other 2 echos in other rooms responds to me.Yes it sounds good, and does everything well, once it hears you, but if I have to yell at it to work, well...	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa.... ALEXA!!! That's the command I have to use to wake her from her apparent deep slumber. I have previous generations of Echo devices and they all respond the first time to the wake word. I had purchased several 4th gen Echos and returned all but one because it was so annoying. In fact, the one I kept required me to keep a 1st gen Echo on mute because even two rooms away, it would hear me before the 4th gen one did. On the other hand, the 4th gen is the best sounding Echo yet (besides the Studio, of course) and the spherical shape, built-in hub, and internal thermometer are pretty cool features.	3	May 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Being as I paid three times the cost of My original Echo Dot, I perhaps expected too much from the Echo 4th gen. Apparatus. At first I was excited, what, with the expanded BASS expression and treble extension I appreciated the improved sound experience. But for whatever reason, ECHO goes silent at times. When I expressed the wake word ECHO would ""light up"", but not respond. Playing trivia games are beginning to be tiresome when ECHO goes silent in the middle of a round. I guess maybe I'm expecting too much, too soon from A.I. in the dynamic range, but the experience becomes tedious when I have to power down/reboot to continue play."	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The stream ruined my echo, it's always unresponsive and always has a blue ring around it now, even after restarting. Before that, no problems except these newer gen echo dots can not hear for crap. The Gen 1 that I still have hears me from a different room but the new gens I have to yell at right in front of me.	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	frequently looses wifi connection and have to unplug and replug to reconnect.	3	February 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	i had read comments about the weak mic,but bought it anyway,the complaints were well-founded, the mic is weak	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I hate your new change.  Now I cannot choose a single artist or album or playlist.  Amazon is trying to force us to purchase Music Umlimited in addition to the cost of Prime.  If you do not change it back, we should revolt and get rid of all Amazon subscriptions and devices.	1	November 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased the Echo 4th generation in Charcoal. The disappointing part it came with a white power cord. Why not a black power cord.Thanks,Dale	3	December 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Upgraded from echo dot and this has way better quality. I am disappointed that it has a white cord for I think black would look better since the device is all black	3	November 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Setup  process not working for some reason. It turns on and works some times. Seems to get stuck or hung up at different times and does not respond. Other times it can't seem to process your request.	3	October 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Idk, I figured I should trade my 2nd gen Echo in for this, it was having a harder time hearing me say ""Alexa""  but this one seems to be just as hard at hearing....maybe slightly better but idk.the sound is louder but I feel like my 2nd gen sound much better but without having it to compare to its just hard to tell for sure.As for  the roundness of it... I think its cool but it takes up more room so I had to move some things around....The light being at the bottom is annoying and dumb to me, I understand that they were going for it reflecting off of what its on but....personally I do not have or do I like White Furniture and that seems to be what it would do best on, I use Light wood or dark wood and this does horrible at showing the light off.  I never notice when I have a notification  nor can I see if it heard me without getting closer to it.  You can not have anything around it now with how this was made.I may end up looking for a small round Mirror for it to sit on so I can maybe see the light.  I hope their next design is better Sound quality  and a better design.  My $50 Anker Bluetooth speaker sounds louder and better then this thing.Update:This really has a hard time hearing me, Not only that I think Alexa has become stupid.  Ask stop playing pet buddy and it starts my Robovac......What happened to Alexa?"	1	November 18, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is phenomenal! I have to yell in order for it to recognize my voice which is frustrating. Even after it picks up my voice it’s not processing what I’m saying correctly. I wanted to hear a male voice so I switched from Alexa to Ziggy and I have been having this issue. I cannot confirm whether or not I will still have the same issue when switch back to Alexa. I would think that isn’t the case because the only difference is the name and tone of voice when switching between the two.	2	February 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Dorsnt stay connected.. even right next to the wifi hotspot. This is our 9th Alexa speaker. We almost have one on every room. This is our only 4th gen echo and it is really annoying.  On top of all of thos, Alexa devices are not the way to go for whole home audio. Once it gets warm, I'll be working in real speakers.The Alexa app can't make Spotify, xm, or groups work consistently. Every time I try to use my ""smart home"" I get so frustrated!I cancelled my prime account over this. I've had it with Amazon's junky products."	2	January 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"1. Cannot pair with a remote like older generations. Why does this matter? When playing music at anything more than a soft level you have to yell at Alexa to change the volume, music or issue a command.  Sure, you can use your phone but opening the app, navigating to the device and managing the settings is far more cumbersome than just hitting ""mute"" or volume down on a remote.2. Black echo comes with white power cord.  Complete fail. Product sourcing manager should be ""reassigned"", perhaps to sourcing fake dog poo https://www.amazon.com/Boao-Realistic-Novelty-Floating-Different/dp/B07WSZV961/ref=mp_s_a_1_6?dchild=1&keywords=rubber+dog+poo&qid=1624549192&sr=8-6"	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I slightly ignored the reviews that said the mic sensitivity is worse on this 4th gen and I should of listened to them. The Mic sensitivity is far worse than the echo plus 2nd gen I've had and often when I tell it to turn off my lights it decides to resume music played...(doesn't sound similar at all to lights). Other than those annoyances it's ok.. I expected more from few generation leap..	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I thought I was trading up newer and better technology. My Tower Alexa was purchased several years ago and was just under $200, but sill worked great, but didn't know at the time the original Alexa is or was way better than the 4th gen $55 ball I'm stuck with now. It just absolutely does not hear well, to the point of having to yell for it to respond. I thought maybe I got a bad one, but the new 4th gen dot with the clock on it, is just as bad. Problem is I sent the other ones back for a small credit. What a bummer!!	2	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo won’t turn on when I say Alexa. I have to say it multiple times and be extremely close to it. (About 2ft away) It doesn’t hear my response as well.	3	November 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Okay, I gave this Echo version over a year to get better and I am now convinced Alexa is hard of hearing.  I bought the first Echo when it first came out and loved it.  I also have a few Echo Dots around my house and a Fire Cube.  They all can hear me just fine except this Echo.  The sound quality has improved but the microphones are either poor quality or the arrangement causes this unit to either not understand me or a lot of times not even hear me.  I have to say Alexa multiple times before it lights up blue, meanwhile i hear my other devices beep in recognition in another room before the Echo knows I am trying to get its attention.  As soon as another generation of Echo device comes out I am trading this one in.	2	October 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have two Amazon Echos Series 1 & 2,  I bought two Series 4 for different rooms in my house. I find I sometimes have to be right on top of Echo in order for Alexa to complete a task for me. I find sometimes I have to give the direction more than once. I am not sure if its interference of the other 3 Echos that sometimes cause this problem. Still love Alexa, I tell everyone she is like having a friendly pet and not having to feed her. Suggestion, I think like an iphone you should be able to choose between and male and female voice. The male could be called “Alex”. Just a suggestion...	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It has a better speaker than older models. It can really fill a room. However; getting echos attention, especially with others in the room is difficult. The zigbee automation is confusing and the lack of co.patible devices is disappointing. I have owned many smarthome products using all protocols and Echo found zero devices. Echo with 'smarthome hub' needs to be compatible with all versions of zigbee, zwave, insteon, x10, Bluetooth, wifi, rf and plm devices.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I'm not impressed. Biggest complain is with the microphones. I have both 3rd gen, 4th gen and an echo dot. Sometimes the older echo will pick up my command in a different room but the new one won't even wake up. Also the cord that came with my black echo is white! That's awful product design. Another little thing is having the light at the bottom obstructs visibility when I'm looking at the echo to receive the feedback that it's listening. Lastly, if anyone wants to trade the echo 3 with me I'd willingly do so.	3	June 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I do like the bass quality. Definitely better sounding than the dot(3rd Gen). However Alexa often doesn't hear what I say correctly. Especially  when telling her to play some by a certain artist, a totally different artist will play and its on the other side of the spectrum, complete opposite  basically. The dot(3rd Gen) i never had to repeat myself.	3	August 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the color I like the shape and I like the sound when it plays. Noticed that I said when? When playing music it cuts in and out. Sent the first one back hoping it was a fluke then I got two more. I think these two are a little better but like I said it’s still cuts out. I have two and hook them up as a sound system in my bedroom. It just seems that the new echo does not work as well as my old echo as far as voice commands go. To conclude I’m not as happy with these as I would’ve liked to have been.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have always hated the orb design of this generation of Alexa speakers, but the functionality is there. The sound quality is good and it's easy to connect to wifi.	3	November 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I like the sound, and the round design is cool. It's easy to ""drop"", since no place to hold and is about the size of a softball, but it has a 1/4-20 hole on the bottom so you can easily mount on a camera tripod, or anything else - nice feature. The voice recognition is slightly worse than my other dots, but it's tolerable. I use it mostly to listen, not talk. I didn't know it required 110V,  which sucks, one more wall wart, but I can probably solve by getting the battery pack. I started to order the battery, but the ""compatibility"" discussion from the battery vendor was confusing - with a discussion about early and late gen4... pity."	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The sound is definitely better than my second generation Echo, but there is a definite inability to either hear or process a command. I grow tired of repeating myself. I grow tired;of repeating ""Alexa""."	3	November 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	4th gen’s are are hard of hearing. Responsiveness is terrible. I have 2 and have same issue with both	3	January 8, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The microphone sensitivity of this model is poor, compared to the 3rd Gen Echo (or even the dots).  Too many times saying ""Alexa, ...."" and not getting any response, even if music isn't currently playing.  I also found the placement of the light ring at the base of the unit to be less than useful - can't be seen easily if it's on a table with other ""stuff"" adjacent to it.  The sound quality is pretty good, perhaps a shade better than the 3rd Gen, but the tradeoff isn't worthwhile - at least not for me.  I returned it and got an Echo Show, which is just fine."	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Still doesn't sound that great and though bass is improved midrange sucks.  Voice volume isn't consistent and doesn't match unit volume.  Also if you turn the mic off the red light is very intrusive and can't be turned off. I wish you could change volume as a percentage (like Google) instead of just 1-10.	3	September 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to believe the sound quality is WORSE than earlier versions, but it is.  Not sure if it is the shape or engineering but it's going back.	2	July 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have several Echo Dots and another echo.  All of them have better microphone sensitivity than this Echo.  Also the sound quality is not as good as I expected.  I expected it to be better than the previous generation of Echo.Also since the light ring is on the bottom of this device, If you are close to the device, you cant see the light ring looking down because of the spherical shape.  This coupled with the week sensitivity of the mic, its hard to tell if it heard you when you speak commands.  I would buy a previous generation echo before I would buy this one again.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Echo 4th Gen out of no where has a high pitch static noise. This happened a few days ago but after looking online it's know issue yet they still sell this. Do not buy. Unluckily, I cannot return since It's been a few months since I bought this.Additionally, the ability for Echo to recognize the command is lacking. I learned to only use simple on/off commands with this with the occasional what time is it (which it sometimes cannot understand even that).Again, go with google assist or something more reliable. Do not buy, not worth the head ache of misunderstanding all the time and now the static noises that make the speaker sound cheap and disappointing.	1	August 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Echo 4 Gen Unit setup successful; sound quality and voice recognition good. No luck integrating with Echo Subwoofer. Could not determine which of the two units was at fault. In frustration, returned both. Maybe Alexa app ""bugs"" will be worked out with future generations."	2	June 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Definitely dumber. I replaced an Echo 2 with this Echo 4. The microphones don't pick up my voice as well, Alexa doesn't understand me as well. And she definitely doesn't respond to commands as well. I fault the Echo, not Alexa, for this as the Echo 2 is in a different location and Alexa is fine.Also, I relating this to the new Echo because it hasn't happened on any of my older devices. Playlists will randomly change to static on the Echo 4.9/10/2010 update- it's no better. It doesn't listen. Also I have it connect to an Echo Sub, and when I play a play list, the Echo will stop playing the music in less than a minute, but the sub keeps playing until tell them to stop.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I dont normally leave negative reviews but I have to on these echos.  I have had nearly every generation of the echo.  These are by far the worst.  I have two of these in my house and use lots of smart home devices through the built in zigbee hub.  Everything will work well for about theee months then just all of a sudden stop working.  I have several hue bulbs and sonoff sensors.  For what ever reason all of it just stops working and I have to reconect it all.  It seems like its an alexa issue because most times the light or whatever I am trying to turn on or off will still work...but alexa will say the device isnt responding.  Sometimes resetting my echo will fix the issues, but most times I have to delete the device and reconnect it.  Ive had these for two years and just really hate them.	1	May 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The product has fantastic sound, great smart home integration and detects my voice commands much better than any of the google smart speakers or homepod minis I have around the house.Unfortunately that's where the good stops. The alexa app, while better than the google equivalent, still leaves a lot to be desired in terms of finding features.The one feature however that makes me regret my purchase more than anything else though is that you effectively cannot share the device with other household members if you have any intention of using smart home features.Any other users of the echo devices must have full access to your amazon account and be logged in as you. You can set up a household and link ONE more adult's amazon account, but then they have no access to any smart home routines or devices, rendering the whole exercise pointless.I did not see any of these limitations before buying several echos to replace my google devices, however now that I'm aware of it I was able to find complaints about this very thing going back several years. It seems amazon has no intention of adding such a basic feature that every one of their competitors can do. I'd give this 4 or 5 stars if they could fix this limitation or were living alone, but as is, I can't recommend it at all.	1	November 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love it but wish she understood my southern twang	3	February 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Although aesthetically pleasing, the audio, while decent, is not as good as the Gen 1 echo in my opinion. I am a voice over artist, audiobook narrator, audio producer, radio host and own a thriving recording studio. Suffice to say, I may be hard to please when it comes to audio. I believe it to be passable to most ears but compared to the Gen 1 it lost lost some resonance in this new iteration. It's not bad...just not as good. I'll be hunting for an unused gen 1 on the secondary market to replace this unit and make it a backup.	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If I could get this connected, it would be better.I am still awaiting help.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality was poor compared to 3Gen Echo. I'm returning mind and purchasing a 3Gen which cost about 20.00 more	3	January 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bass sound makes the speaker vibrate producing a terrible unclear effect/noice. The older First Geneation was much better.	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I regret ""upgrading."" The original cylinder design makes the ring easier to see, and it did a lot better job of recognizing when I said ""Alexa."" Mayyyybe the bass is better, but honestly I don't notice any difference in sound quality, and probably preferred the first gen.It wasn't broke, and I shouldn't have tried to fix it.Also more of a software complaint, but Alexa has gotten worse and less predictable for things like animal sounds. It is pushing notifications I don't want and ""skills"" I don't want to pay for more often lately. That probably would be the case regardless of the hardware though.UPDATE: I HATE THIS VERSION. Sound is worse and design is worse. The ring on the bottom is not as visible as it was on top. Get the cylinder."	2	November 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds like a cheap generic tinny bluetooth speaker you would buy at a gas station or the dollar store.	2	July 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	3rd and last Echo device that I will probably  purchase. Alexa Microphone is either not that good/receptive or Alexa is just hard of hearing. I have Google as well and in comparing the two, Google is a lot smarter, faster, and audio quality from Google Audio is better in terms of sound quality and volume.	2	May 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have had this red Echo for about a year.  It is actually the second one I've had because the first one was a piece of crap out of the box.  Of course before they sent me this replacement piece of crap I had to go through days of back and forth with tech support.  Ive had issues since day one with the replacement but has gotten considerably worse.  The volume fluctuates all the time.  It turns on lights without reason, and the most annoying other than it's ability to hear and understand consistently, is at random time it will say, ""Getting  Golden Girls from Hulu"" and kick me out of whatever I'm watching.  In my 45 years I have never hated a electrical devise as much as this one.  Amazon is a shady company whom sold me the previous generation Echo which worked great.  Then they offer me a huge discount to get the new version.  It would cost me hundreds of dollars to replace all the outlets and bulbs and such I bought when I had a working Echo.  If I try to get help with this one the hassle is just not worth it.  I'm stuck with an ugly half working red ball that I would love to throw out the window!"	1	December 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Ok thought it would have clearer sound.	2	September 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have one of the original (tall) Echo devices and about a dozen original Echo Dots scattered around the house. I thought that it was about time to replace my original with the latest Gen.4 edition to take advances of any new features. Installing the new Echo, I first discovered the complete loss of any use of my essential Amazon Remote.  I searched Amazon for a solution and learned there was none. Also the ring notification light was now at the bottom of the device where no-one in the room could view it without standing up. Had to set it on top of a vase to see it.  On the plus side, it does sound good.	2	December 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you like bass...it has bass. But no mater how I tweak the audio settings on the Alexa app, voices sound muddy and often difficult to understand. Probably fine for music but not good for listening to podcasts or talk/news radio.  I'm considering returning my Echo.	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon has now forced my device to shuffle play all the time. I hate it. I can't turn it off. It's my device, but Amazon ruined it by changing the settings. Don't buy anything from Amazon they don't give a damn about their customers.	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as good as the original devices which these replaced. I thought the design would look better based on the pictures, but I prefer the older tower design over these. They also do not seem to pick up voice as well. It works, just not as good as original in my opinion.	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I made 3 calls to tech support, first guy was trying to read something and I was sitting on the phone in silence. Second time I called the woman on the phone was very nice. She got the echo to call my phone once, but when I hung up, it would not work. I called again and after the guy did his reading, he told me that he would make a tech support report and I would get an email in 3 to 5 business days. Not very happy. I will see if an email comes in the next few days or send the echo back along with the 2 dots I purchased.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought this new Echo 4th gen to replace a 3rd gen Dot.As expected, the new device sounds much better when listening to music. So that is a plus.But unlike the 3rd gen Dot that this is replacing, the new device has a difficult time hearing me.  I often have to say ""Alexa"" a few times before it react -- even when all is quiet.I decided to hook up my Dot in a distant room, and now I can be within 4 feet of the new device but the Dot (over 20 feet away) will often respond to commands.So as a speaker I'd say it is an OK deal, but as an Alexa assistant it is not great."	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa doesn't respond as well as the one it replaced	3	February 1, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The 4th generation does not respond very well  to commands.  First generation performed better as far as voice recognition and commands	3	December 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The new round design is great, but the sound is no better than 2nd  generation	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this to replace an existing Echo solely for its ZigBee hub functionality.  I added 3 Zigbee light switches.  Adding was simple.  A few days later none of my light switches will respond to Alexa.  Unplugging the Echo Plus and plugging it back in gets the ZigBee light switches to reconnect but only temporarily.	1	October 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing often illuminates when I address it, “Alexa,” then ignores what comes after and sits idly with no response appropriate or otherwise. It often hears my wake word but, most often, nothing else. I have tried raising the volume and tone of my voice. At all times of day and night, I’m very frustrated by the hub waking at my request and returning to standby no matter how many times or how plainly I repeat my request. Man!!! I regret this “upgrade”!!!!And(!!!) I’ve already returned the hub speakers that came with this bundle since they WOULD NOT stay connected to the Internet- no matter what.	3	April 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The new Echo is the perfect home assistant	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is not as good as the dot.	3	January 31, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought 3 of these. That was alot of money and the mic seems bellow quality compared to the last generation echo dot.This one needs work the microphone in this one must suck necause alexa just understand half the things you say. Never had a single problem with last generation. If you use alexa specially for drp in feature if you have one in all your rooms dont upgrade to the new one. Not worth it .	2	March 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	These might sound better but they constantly lose connectivity when playing Amazon Music.	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It does not hear well.  When it sleeps for a while, need to wake it up before getting responsive.	3	December 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The echo dot works better for voice recognition. The echo has great Sound for music though.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I replaced my old echo plus with this new Echo and I am still experiencing the same issues!  The wrong echo answers 50% of the time.  We have a large ranch home.  I have this echo in the living room and echo dots in the dining room, study and master bedroom.  These rooms are separated with walls and are over 35 feet away.  I can be standing within 2 feet of this new echo, and the dot from the master bedroom may respond.  Obviously I can’t use this new echo when my husband is sleeping or the dot may wake him up.  I have contacted customer support multiple times and they have not been able to do anything.  I thought the new echo might solve the problem so I bought it at a discounted price.  It did not solve the problem.  The echo and dots obviously need a “range” setting/switch/command.  Disappointed.  My kids stuck with Apple products and have no issues.  The sound quality is a little better.  The shape is OK but if you are looking straight down, it’s hard to see the blue ring.	2	November 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Loved the base sound.  Unfortunately, when asking for a type of music, 70’s music for example, we got the same songs over and over again.  We ended up returning the Echo for that reason.	3	October 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I can't get the echo to respond. It constantly disconnects from my wifi, and the Alexa app on my phone answers with my phone speakers! Perhaps it is the fault of a less than superior connection to my wifi which is satellite dish and not high powered, but it would be nice to be able to trouble shoot this and be certain. Anyway, without knowing why it isn't working as intended, I would have to say I do not recommend. My son and his wife gave this to me as a gift, and I am disappointed that I cannot get it to work.	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ll start with the major complaint I’ve read over and over. The white cord on the black device is just a huge mistake. It stands out so badly and I shouldn’t have to spend additional money to buy a black adapter.The bass on this is poor. Really poor. Did I mention poor? I have Series 1 and 2 Echos and they both sound better than this. I bought this to replace the last series Dot and I can barely notice a difference.Third issue. It arrived new in the box with what appears to be a glue stain on the cloth cover. If I wanted a refurbished item, I would have purchased one.It will be going back, not for the cord but for the sound quality and the stain.	2	November 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	the sound is not the quality we expected. We purchased this to enable our home and patio to listen to PRIME music.We had listened to an older ECHO / Alexa on the 3rd of July. The treble and bass were superb. We purchased this thinking we were going to experience the same qualitative and rich sounds of the older model.IT DOES NOT MATCH THE QUALITY  AND THE RICH SOUNDS as we expected	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Disappointed compared to the 3rd generation. I always have to repeat myself to Alexa to the point that the older (3rd generation) devices located in other rooms close by will hear me and respond before this recognizes the command. And when it does finally respond, its not what you requested. Leading to a frustrated, ""Nevermind Alexa""....I recommend keeping your old echoes and echo dots until the next model is released."	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I live in the north. My husband and I will be heading south for the winter. This was bought specifically to notify me if the temperature in our house dropped, our smoke detector went off, or glass was heard breaking. I got the device and could not get the temperature sensor to work. It would not notify me of a temperature drop unless I pushed the play button on the routine. I also couldn't get Guard to notify me of my smoke alarm going off. I spent 8 hours or more on the phone over numerous days with Amazon technical support. I had support staff tell me that Echo Gen 4 didn't have a temperature sensor. I had them tell me that Guard doesn't notify you unless you pay a monthly fee. They had very little idea how to set up the temperature drop notification. Even after all those hours, we were never able to get the temperature sensor to notify me either on my phone or even over the Echo setting in the same room. After much investigation, there is a note on Amazon about Guard that it ""does not detect all smoke alarms"". So this product was pretty much worthless to me. Maybe someone who has a lot more technical knowledge than me (or Amazon Tech Support) can get it to work, but I can't."	1	December 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm annoyed it has a hard time hearing I have to repeat myself	2	August 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this to replace a Samsung SmartThings that died, excited that the Echo could now be my hub for all my zigbee Sengled bulbs.  I got my bulbs added to the Echo fairly easily once I figured out the workflow, however when using Alexa to turn things on or off I had tons of issues.  Sometimes it would do nothing, other times the lights would turn on/off then 5 seconds later alexa would say things aren't responding (when they were).Ultimately I bought a new dedicated hub, got it setup and working great then returned this echo.  Hopefully future generations work better.	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I use Alexa primarily for music. Only have had for a short time but so far meets expectations regarding music.	3	December 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Every time I ask alexa to play something off Apple, sirius, or iheart it just tells me “sorry, that device is offline”. I have deleted and reinstalled countless times and that doesn’t work. I see several people with the same complaint but nobody is offering a solution, wish I never got it	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"We upgraded our gen 2 Alexa, due to connectivity issues, after getting great service and sound for many years.  This new one is a disappointment!  You have to be close to the unit and speak very loudly or it doesn't hear or understand the request.  This is very irritating, in fact the family is starting to joke that ""Alexa is not listening very well"", not funny.  As for the sound it is OK but not premium.  We are thinking of returning but not sure what we would replace it with.  Is the 5th Gen coming soon?"	2	January 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought into the ""upgrade"" idea for my older Echo. The old Echo was dark gray w/ a black cord.  I ordered the  new, improved  Echo in Charcoal (dark gray) assuming that the cord and plug would coordinate with the dark gray color. My assumption was wrong. The new charcoal colored Echo came with a bright white cord and plug. I keep this Echo on a dark wood side table in my living room. There is NO WAY to camouflage this white cord and plug. The tech part of the devise is fine, the dark fabric globe is fine, but the white cord that came with this dark unit is a big aesthetic miss!"	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Definitely need a subwoofer to get the same sound displayed in the Amazon store. Would’ve just got another Echo Show.	3	December 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	like  various features and programming options	3	February 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have upgraded from an early edition echo (Gen 1 or 2--the non-padded cylinder) to the most recent 4th gen.  The sound quality is much better, which is nice.  I find, however, that I often have to repeat myself when giving commands.  I replaced the old Echo on the bedroom nightstand with the new one.  Even in a quiet room and with the Echo off, I often have to repeat a command for the new unit to be responsive.  It becomes very annoying--like talking to my kids!  I don't know if there was a design change that cause this, but I want the responsiveness of the old unit back :(	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Many times Alexa doesn’t respond appropriately on this device	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Dear Amazon this dot is  awesome sounding and and a 5 !Being my third black Echo the fact this comes with a whit power cord is unacceptable!PLEASE SEND A BLACK CORD so the aesthetic of the device is not ruined by a white power cord!	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not recognize some titles. The phone App doesn't seem to work well, at all.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Like all bought for the garage,  little hard to pick up due to it being round so would not make a very good moving room to room,	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa always answers while I'm still talking/asking question.	3	January 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The unit looks great on our black counter top.  Why they would send a white cord with a black echo, I have no idea.  Return....	3	November 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I did not know the Echo had to be plugged in to electrical outlet to work, I assumed it was wireless.  Plus Alexa voice recognition is 50/50. Once Echo is playing music it only stays on for a hour period. I did keep it but cannot give it a 5 star rating.	3	August 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have 5 Echo units (2 Echos, 1 Echo Show and 2 Echo Auto units) and bought the 4th Gen. model for the first time and planned to keep it and give my mother the 2nd Gen model which was 4 years old. After listening to the new Echo, I packed it up and gave it to my mother. Sound quality is not as solid as the 2nd Gen. Not sure if it's the design, but it misses the mark with this ""techy geek."""	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted to replace my echo in my garage with this because it helps extend my eero wifi but it does not work for that so it's sorta pointless. I should not have replaced my old one it worked just fine.	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can't answer many of my questions	3	February 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	QUALITY OF DEVICE IS NOT AS GOOD AS PREVIOUS MODELS.  SOUND QUALITY IS NOT AS GOOD AS MY GEN 2.  I THINK.  ALEXA IS NOT AS ACCURATE WHEN ASKING FOR SONGS.  TOOK EXTRA TIME TO SET UP.  ITS OK, NOT GREAT.  I THINK IT TOOK A STEP BACK.  AND WHY WOULD YOU HAVE A BLACK DEVICE WITH A WHITE CORD?	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Aún teniendo cuenta premium de Spotify, Alexa no reproduce la canción que pido y toca cualquier canción del grupo.	2	July 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	To difficult to make a calls , not pair with I-phone	3	January 16, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was given this as a gift and it was given with the understanding that the 6 months free music would go with it. It was sent to my name, and not registered to the sender... but alas, to the dismay of the sender, it did not come with the 6 months... calls to support basically said too bad, the ordering person, who won’t sign in, won’t use it, has 6 months free and is quite pissed.As for the device itself, it has decent sound... not as good as a Sonos, but better than the dot. The controls are easy and clean, and the size is bigger, but not bad. It is nice.	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Looses connection to internet and router occasionally.	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I gave to my mom as a gift. She loves it.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sometimes doesn’t work.  It promises to play daily jeopardy.  It doesn’t.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It is not hearing well, the previou model was way better at it	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have three other prior generation(s) Echos. All three do a great job of knowing when they are spoken to. This unit does a lousy job of knowing when it is spoken to. Sometimes I find myself speaking so loudly, in order to get its attention, that a unit in another room responds. May return. Would not buy again.	2	April 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We replaced an old echo (4 or 5 yrs old) with this and put it in the same spot.  For some reason this Alexa can never hear us.  The sound is no better than the 1st generation one we had there but the price tag was bigger.  This does not feel like an improvement from the old one we had.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My original Echo (1st gen) went nuts, so this was to replace it. Imagine my joy when I got this one and found that the old voice remote does not work with it. Maybe I'm just old and crabby, but it kinda pissed me off since I used the remote all the time. Tech support took an hour to find out that the remote does not work with the 4th gen, so add that to the bill. Started to return it and find a used Echo, but what the hell. Sounds good and otherwise works well, and hopefully the hub works with my smart home stuff, but have not gotten into that yet.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Rewriting review after some troubleshooting and more thought.Overall it's a mixed bag compared to previous generations.ProsGood sound qualityBuilt in zigbee hubConsMore picky about commands. I found when you rapidly gave commands it would fail to respond, more so than previous models.Ring was moved to the bottom. This might or might not be a con for you, however if you have the Alexa on a shelf or a mantle, it can be hard to see the light ring when sitting down.Compared to previous generations the 4th Gen seems to be a lot more picky about how you speak to it.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I just wish I hadn't broken my 1st Gen Echo. This is much worse at hearing our voice (wake word or otherwise) in our open family/kitchen area. We find ourselves yelling at it, angrily, way more. And the sound quality? Much worse. I'm not an audiophile. I was happy listening to music on the old one, including at high volume. The new one is bass-heavy and just not as clear. And forget turning it up past volume ""4"", when it just becomes noise. In addition, the speakers (and probably the mic) are directional, so things get even worse if you happen to be outside its sweet spot 45 degree cone of mediocrity. It's designed for the corner of a room, but it only makes sense in the middle of my room. Maybe I'd be better with a Dot, which is just sad.Overall, a big disappointment. But you want some pluses? The white color fits my decor way better than black, the ball shape is less likely to tip over and break, and it now has basic voice processing locally so it works (minimally) when the wifi is out."	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m my opinion….it does not work as well as the 3 rd generation tower.	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The older versions of the echos are much better. We’ve had every version since Gen 1 and this is by far our least favorite. It cuts out constantly and delays if it’s not right next to the router and none of our other echos (we have 5 others plus this) have ever had problems. Plus the globe is super ugly and we much prefer the cylinder look. I am just so disappointed in this.	2	February 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	New to it. Not use to using it yet	3	January 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Wake up few times in the morning because Echo is making horrible loud static noise. Can't do anything except unplug and restart. Never happen to my other echo dots, etc.I miss the cylinder shape, not a fan of the sphere shape, wasting my space.	2	June 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is my 5th dot or echo and I love this one. I had the alexa app for my other ones so all I did was plug it in and presto it found my wifi and responded. I also bought the Mission battery base and connected that too and no problem.Now this is update 5 months laterSound is still great but I have to repeat Alexa at least three times for every command. My other smaller ones named Echo and computer, complete command on every one. No repeat. So there is review and update	2	January 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is good for size.  Integration with smart bulbs is a pain.  Does not always respond or activate correct devices.	3	November 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this to replace the very first model that came out. It is placed on the bar between my kitchen and living room. When I speak to it, the echos in other rooms respond but this one won’t. You have to try multiple times to get it to engage. I wish I’d sent it back but I kept thinking it was just me not speaking clearly enough. It wasn’t.	2	March 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	To be honest the sound is just as good as the smaller sphere echo. There are a couple more additions in the settings for it but other than that it’s the same to me and not worth price.	3	October 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We cannot discern any improved performance or sound.  We chose the charcoal model which ridiculously comes with a white electrical cord.  Very unattractive.  It looks like the fabric-covered Dots, but larger.  It has a larger footprint than our original Echo Plus which was tall, sleek, charcoal, metallic, easy to keep clean, and came with a color-coordinated cord.  We kept our original as its trade-in value was only $30.00 and we actually aesthetically prefer our original  We missed the cut off date to return the new version so we are using that in an office area where no one sees it and the mismatched cord.	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I did not like the fact that you have to subscribe to hear a specific song.	3	December 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	No me agrado k no tiene para poner el reloj	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sounded like someone left a hand full of screws inside the dot. Speaker sounded torn from impact of the screws inside.Will update when we get a working unit. Not a good look for Quality Control.	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t really notice much of a difference in the sound quality, certainly nothing “premium”	3	December 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The 4th generation microphones are a huge downgrade from the previous generations. We constantly have to talk at 75 decibels or higher for it to recognize us, that has become annoying. We might send it back for that reason. The temperature sensor that is in it is a good feature but it is off by 2-5 degrees constantly so that needs to have an adjustment setting. Sound is good can't tell a difference that much between 3rd generation and 4th generation. I like the new look, but also dislike the light bar on bottom great for asteticks but terrible for every day use. This generation isn't worth the upgrade.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I pre ordered the new 4th Gen Echo and finally after 3 weeks received it.  I thought it was good, and hadn't put in my lights and TV to work with Alexa.  I finally took some time to add the features into Alexa, as I had the features on another Echo tower which went bad after 1 1/2 years.  I spent 8 hours in one day trying to make the Alexa work with my lights and TV.  I ended up calling the TV company,  the switch plug company, along with the internet company, and many calls back and forth with Amazon.  I had purchased a 3rd generation Alexa Dot months ago before I ordered the 4th generation, so I thought I would try and hook it up, to my lights and TV,  finding out it was easy to do  and it works great with my lights and TV.  Plus I find the sound on the Echo 3rd Gen Dot is far better than the 4th Echo ball.  Very disappointing and suggest you save your money and get the 3rd Gen Dot.  They have a great special on it now for 18.99, which will end soon,  so I bought another one  This is the first time I have ever done a review but I was so upset on how much time and aggravation I went through I had to let other people know.  Save your money this product is not good in my opinion.	1	November 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It does not pair to other dots for stereo play	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The voice recognition sometimes fails and do other diferent thing than expected. and to create the routines, multiple devices are not compatible. For example, I cannot make a trigger with Tuya Smart home devices.  Other thing that I dont like is that for example I cannot set a timmer to make action for example. ""Alexa: turn bedroom light off in 30 minutes"". cannot do that. other home asistants can do that."	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I like the look of the design of this version except even the dark color units come with a WHITE power cord. I HATE THIS and I'm researching ways to safely color it black. The person responsible for this decision should be terminated immediately. The other problem with this design is that the sound is not 360 degrees as the round exterior made me think the sound forces you to ""point"" it in the direction you want the best sound.  Another terrible engineering decision in my opinion. Overall I've given this unit a mediocre score unfortunately for the reasons stated so you can decide for yourself if they are important to you."	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have a gen 3 echo that was working great, but I wanted to take advantage of the holiday discount so decided to give the gen 4 echo a chance. We put it in the same spot our old gen 3 echo occupied and moved the gen 3 echo to another room. From the start, the gen 4 echo microphone picking up commands whereas our gen 3 echo never had any such problems. It particularly has trouble when it is playing music and you try to give it a command - sometimes it will hear the wake word, but then not understand the command that comes after, sometimes it won't hear the wake word at all. This happens to the point where we are screaming at it to turn off the music and it just keeps playing and playing and our echos in other rooms pick up our commands instead. I reached out to customer service to see if I could get an exchange for another unit as it seemed this one may be defective. Unfortunately, they were only able to offer a return, so back it goes. Will go back to using my gen 3 which I am very happy with.	1	January 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	it has more bass than the smaller echo . I don't consider it to be premium sound . Just more bass and louder	3	November 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa Echo 4th Gen is a nice novel ease of control product and fun for the family and kids, But beware. Alexa does not differentiate between voices, anyone can control her within earshot. DO NOT put near entryways, windows because ANYONE can use her, even from outside your home. If she can hear the voice, she can be controlled by them. If she is earshot of a commercial or TikTok and someone says her name, she will activate. This means door lock controls, light controls, temp controls, cameras and so on. If you are looking for security with your smart home products, dont pick this product.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was looking forward to getting this 4th Gen Echo active. It was a replacement for my Gen 1 Echo speaker that failed.  This, however, has been nothing but a disappointment. I have worked with more than 6 techs in the technical support department from around the world (Kentucky, Puerto Rico 2x, India, Philippines, Costa Rica 2x) to no avail.  They have sent replacements 2x. All 3 devices fail to find my wifi or display the Amazon wireless name to activate. I have an Echo Show and Echo Dot working on my router. There has been no response from the engineers/developers on the trouble ticket (V496348163) issued in late December.  I have done extensive troubleshooting to prove the trouble is outside of my network, including using a neighbor's router (he also has Alexa in his home), I got the same result while on his router. I also borrowed an Echo Dot from a friend, which activated without issue on my account.  I am at the point where I will return this device and start ordering Google devices in the hopes I can get better service. Shame on you, Amazon. Your tech support response is less than abysmal	1	January 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The old Alexa we would say turn on living room lights and the new one doesn’t recognize that fraize we have to say turn on lights and she turns on all of them, then we have to say alexa turn bedroom lights off	3	August 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I was really happy with my 3rd gen Echo...it sounded GOOD, and is/was much better at hearing me than this new one is...I don't know if they are trying to ""protect"" my security ? or what..but I have to repeat myself alot,..and sometime Shout if i'm in bed or in any way muffled...it's supposed to by omni-directional, but it clearly isnt...the dual speakers clearly face only in one direction..and I suspect the mics do too,..it IS louder than the prev. model, but..once you get UP there is starts to sound tinny and vibrate a little...i'm just...disappointed"	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Yea overall quality is good, but everything goes out of the window when this thing doesn’t shut up. Ask one question and it keeps going on with an entire paragraph even with something as little as setting an alarm. Had it for about 3 months and about to trash this thing and switch to homepod. That unnecessary talking this device does eventually will get on anyone’s nerves.	2	March 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not ever get the book right on audible. You have up go and sit beside it and enunciate ridiculously.	3	November 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have many echo/dots around.  I wanted better sound than my 2nd generation echo and 3rd generation echo dots. I spent the extra money to get what was supposed to be great sound and found out it was not as good as the 2nd gen echo and barely better than the dots.Wish I would have spent the money on another 2nd gen echo.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to enable it to work with Roku stick.  Never recognized the Roku stick plus. Spent a long time with Amazon and Roku customer service with no solution.  Will not recognize the Roku Stick plus!!	2	June 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is decent definitely better than older models. The voice recognition is absolutely horrible. I purchased this for my elderly mother that has grown to love the technology, BUT it takes multiple commands almost yelling to get a response. The older models pick up your voice rooms away, this one has extreme difficulty picking up your voice standing next to it. Trust the reviews, and wait for better voice recognition to purchase this echo premium sound device.	2	February 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I traded out my FIRST GENERATION Echo Pluses for two of these FOURTH GENERATION Echos. The sound quality was terrible in comparison to a model released YEARS ago. They did respond to my voice commands at more rapid rate, but for music, I feel like I just did a massive downgrade. The same goes for the Echo Dot 3 vs. 4. The entire 4th generation of Echo speakers seems like crap to me and I am so incredibly disappointed in Amazon. This makes me want to switch to Google smart speakers. I hope the next generation redeems these product lines.	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased 3 echos on Prime Day. I bought these for the Alexa capabilities and to run the sound from my fire tvs to play through the “premium” sound.I have 2 fire tvs and 2 Firesticks. Set up seemed that it should be simple based on Amazon’s description and the YouTube videos that I watched. I suppose it is  IF THE ECHOs ACTUALLY WORK. After 9 phone conversations with their “help” desk (should be called helpLESS desk), and over 20 hours of effort, they were able to connect for a total of 10 minutes.Waste of time and $$ at any price.Amazon…please sell us products that actually work.Shame on you	1	July 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We just got it and it hasn't been working good.  The first 2 days it played rain sounds all night on a loop.  But ther last few nights it keeps shutting off in ther middle of the night walking up my kid. Also it is always trying to get you to pay for features. We did have fun doing announcements and asking questions but it didn't understand us half the time.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a black or charcoal unit to sit on a dark granite counter.  Well it comes with a white power cable?  How dumb is that?  Of course for around $30 I can buy a black one from Amazon. Ridiculous.  As for premium sound, I don’t think so.  It sounds OK, better that a dot but nothing special.  I probably would not buy it again.  Considering send it back.	3	June 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Seems doesn’t respond as well as my older echoes.  Often have to repeat commands and sometimes doesn’t respond at all.  I don’t know if the problem is an inferior microphone or something needs improving with the voice recognition.	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is nice. That's about the only plus of the new echo.The shape is meh. The light ring is very difficult to see with its placement on the bottom. Why a white power cord with a black device? Its an eyesore. It would've been so easy to make it black.But the biggest issue is the quality of the voice recognition. It does not pick up its wake work in a quiet room from 2 feet away. It frequently does not do commands correctly.I often will say a command loud in hopes of being heard not have this one even pick me up. But a second generation echo dot from across the house will hear me and execute the command.Do yourself a favor and purchase the cheaper and better functioning second or third generation echos. Or just go for a different brand than Amazon. I'm floored that they would release a product that fails this much at its primary objective as a voice assistant.	2	March 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice commands as turn light on alexa says ok. But light not turned on . Have to repeat to get light on	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The new 4th Generation Alexa had gone down in capabilities. The microphone is incapable of understanding your voice no matter how close you are to it. It's almost like she's lost half her IQ points. Keep your earlier generation! I've had to go back to using Siri. He's definitely the better answer here, but he doesn't often provide a verbal answer, but gives you links to them.	1	October 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My 101 year old mother listens to books on it! She has a hard time hearing some of the readers but this is the only way she can “read” since her vision is fading! ANY SUGGESTIONS!!!!!!!	3	September 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	For decor, great. Sound quality compared to it’s predecessor? Awful.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is amazing but Alexa is absolutely terrible at giving information. We had a google home in the house and you could ask it anything and get a good answer/info from it 95% of the time...you ask Alexa and you might get a good answer 25 % of the time. Definitely needs to be better in that aspect, it’s to the point where I constantly think about putting the google back in. The amazon echo is wayyyyy better with music though. So if you’re only using it for music go for amazon if you want to ask questions and get info use google home	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Excited to upgrade to the orb design and the sound quality is so much better with a significant bass. However, while Alexa has turned into an annoying peddler for Amazon tack-ons, the increasingly annoying Amazon promotions don't listen to commands. This has been a growing issue with our first generation, which still works great.  We repeatedly have to tell Alexa to stop or shut up in an elevated voice, because it won't listen the first time. Additionally, we love to play ""Who wants to be a millionaire"" , but Alexa doesn't acknowledge our responses, doesn't respond itself and shuts the game down all the time. Overall, rather disappointing."	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	update::Receptivity to your commands seems to be improved as if someone has gone to the software and changed the settings.Iit helps vastly to be in the same room.>>>>>>>>>>>The sound may be better, but it doesn't respond the first time very often.After a few days with this you will come to hate it.Compared to other even Alexa products it either ignores you or gets your commands wrong.I have had Siri and Google home and this is the worst.It seems like a very irritating product designed to make the American public mad.BUYER BEWARE!	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	We upgraded to this echo from a 1st generation echo and found that the sound quality was much improved, but that the voice recognition regressed significantly.  Both echo devices were connected in the same location, approximately centered in a modestly sized kitchen/living room with an open floor plan.Even when the room is quiet, the echo doesn’t always hear me or my wife’s voice when spoken to at a moderate level.  With a newborn sleeping baby in our arms, it is unfortunate that we have to raise our voices to activate the echo.We are considering returning the echo and reattaching the 1st generation.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a pair of 4th generation Echos to replace my two 3rd generation ones.  I didn't find the sound quality any better, although it  has equalizer options in the app which allow you to customize bass,  etc. I didnt touch that.My big problem was  that, when paired with the Echo Sub, all kinds of crazy things happened. The most common and annoying was that sound would try to play through the subwoofer and NOT the 4th gen Echo.  This happened with a certain app I use a lot  as well as music. When I pay full price for a product, I don't expect to be a beta tester; I didn't call tech support, I returned them as fast as possible and went back to my 3rd  gens, which, while imperfect , were serving me better and sounded better.BTW, the Echo Studio sounds just about as good as a pair of 3rd or 4th generation Echos. I love it. I bought one for my in-laws.  I don't believe that one works with the Sub either though.	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Premium sound not found.	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	sound wise,not very good!	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have many Amazon devices and for the most part I like them very much. Got the 4th Gen Eco Dec of 2020. There is no Pair Remote option on the app. Customer service ran me through the whole ""you just aren't finding it"" merry go round, even had me send them a screen shot and never got back to me.FFWD 6 months and I decided that the app MUST be updated by now....Customer Svs call line is busy (for hours}, chat sends me back to the merry go round, LONG story short there is no compatible remote for the Gen 4 Echo or Dot. Nor are there plans to make one, in fact Amazon is discontinuing the remote for all of there Echo products.I guess the irritating thing is I spent several hours with many svs reps to finally have some one tell me that the product doesn't exist!It seems that the first person I dealt with should have known,Am I wrong Here?"	2	May 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Okay, I have had two of these for several months now, and now I can do a good review for them. These sound great and I find the very eye pleasing. I do have some trouble when asking these Alexas something, the mics are not as great as the 3rd gen which we have in our nursery room. So yeah, the red is georgous and the white one looks gray to me. Good devices for music and the like, but the mic needs some work in my honest opinion.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The microphone is noticeably worse than the echo plus. Speakers in other rooms hear me better than the Echo 4th gen does with me standing a few feet away from it. The sound is better at least.One of the 2 Echos I purchased stopped connecting to wifi. It stopped sending out signals all together. Customer service was ok the 2nd time calling. The first time the ""tech"" clearly had no idea how these devices function. Amazon really needs to train their people on the devices they're trying to help fix.Not a great experience. I wish I would have just kept my echo pluses."	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have both the new Echo and several of the dots. When I talk to the Echo I have to raise my voice and speak slowly and clearly to be understood. To talk to the dots, I just talk normally and it works. The Echo must be told several times to turn on the light whereas the dot just does it. I really can’t tell the difference in speakers between the two but again I’m 70 years old so my hearing is not that good. I do love the two free light bulbs that came with the Echo though so that’s a plus.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Echo 4th gen. Dont waste your money...Bought an Echo 4th gen in a deal before Christmas with a couple phillips hue light bulbs since it has a zigbee hub. Put everything in the master bedroom and love the idea of being able to dim the lights or turn them off/on with alexa and not have to get back out of bed. Unfortunately, I have gotten so annoyed at repeating myself to this thing that I went back to using the switch on the wall. I feel like Im yelling at my 8 year old that I told to do something only to be ignored. I have to repeat myself almost every time. Sometimes 2-3 times. I have several echo dots and dont have that issue with any of them, just the Echo.Also, the sound quality is definitely not worth full retail. This is at best a $50 speaker. Youre better off getting an echo dot and using an aux cord or bluetooth to connect it to a decent speaker.	2	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is good for music BUT frustrated that it frequently stops playing, for no apparent reason! Setting up play groups is confusing. Happy that I can also add my Spotify & Sirius XM accounts, gives me more variety.  I know there's more I can do with Alexa but haven't explored yet. Overall it's ok.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded to this Echo from my 3rd generation believing that it would have better sound quality, but it definitely does not. I don't understand why Amazon changed the cord color for a black echo from black to white . Perhaps they thought it looked stylish, but it stands out among the other cords that are plugged into the same outlet.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	For the music it is terrific.  Everything else is just an endless Amazon sale pitch.  Want to hear singing birds, sure. Then you're asked to buy an upgrade to hear more. Want to hear a joke, can do.  Then you're asked to buy another app.  Just about anything we ask ends up with another sales pitch for an app or skill or so on.  And when we just want to ask a basic question we can't just get a basic answer.  Wish we'd stuck with Google Home.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Really frustrates me when I ask Alexa to do a simple task like, tell me the weather, and I get suggestions on what else to ask her. Or advertisements for a product or service. Google home doesn't do this. It honestly ruins the experience for me. From a five star to a two star. Please disable this. At least give us the option to disable it. I'll even update my review.	2	February 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's a great new gen Echo and the Alexa features work well. However, the Bass is way too much and even trying to adjust the equalizer the bass still feels heavy. This drops the music sound clarity at low volume which I usually have it at, and Alexa sounds muffled like she's wearing a mask LOL.I keep it in my kitchen which is the hub in my home so I stay around 2-4 on the volume.  5 on the volume is pretty loud I can only imagine what 8 or 9 sound like. Good Echo but 6 out of 10 as a speaker.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Slow in responding.	3	January 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I just asked my new Gen 4 to tell me a joke and my Gen 1 in another room with the door closed (with the same wake word) told me a joke.  I couldn't hear it and the shiny new round Gen 4 Echo remained silent.  I just threw away a Show 5 because it couldn't hear if you were shouting on top of it.Fewer microphones and forward only speakers might improve Amazon's bottom line, but it doesn't improve their products.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Works great, sounds so much better than the last generation! The only issue I have is that sometimes it doesn’t hear me, understand me, and sometimes even just quit in the middle of doing a task or something.	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Definitely alot bigger then we thought but the design is nice. And loud	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The 4th gen does not hear as well as the 3rd gen.  Never had problems with the old one hearing me or when it does hear me misunderstanding me.  Often you ask the 4th gen Echo something and it does not respond at all.  Other times it hears you but the response has nothing to do with what was asked.  The old one would hear you with even the TV cranked up, this one, not so much even in a quiet room.  If I had the option Id take my old one back.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have every generation of echos. The sound on this gen 4 is great, but the device is a bit too fat/bulky for my liking. To my ears, the gen 3 sounds just as good as the gen 4, but the gen 3 has a better form factor for most use cases.Also, white power cables for all color options? Tacky.If they had included the clock feature like the gen 4 dot has, I wouldn't have minded the bulk as much (because with the clock feature, I'd be getting more utility).Returning. It's too bad the gen 3 appears to be completely unavailable.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the look but my idea was to make a sound Thestre with my Amazon box. However every time I asked her to play music she turned in the tv. And the cube does play music by itself and voice from the tv does come through it. So I disconnected the cube and am still deciding whether to keep my second echo. Amazon needs to develop a cube that is a stereo speaker also that will allow me to ask it to play music or turn on the TV Without having to buy another echo and they don’t work well together anyway.	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I actually went office space on this thing this morning.Up to a few months ago i was a fanboi of the echo products. I had them controlling everything. Obviously they fired their entire QA department and replaced them with moths or paramecium. It can't operate the basic functions that it used to.""Echo, lights out"" get reply, ""i found this article about lighting on the web.""""Alexa volume down"" replied with ""if you would like to control a device, please enable it..."" The device I'm trying to control is the echo you pos.I actually ordered a full set of Google nest devices.May the fries of a million camels invest the armpits of the entire echo testing department.Avoid at all costs."	1	June 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We placed the generation 4 Amazon Echo on our wooden table at setup.  The Echo sat in the same location for approximately two weeks.  When I lifted the Echo to dust the table I noticed that the Echo’s rubber base material had removed the finish from the table’s surface.  You can see the damage caused by the Echo in the photos. The clear fish was removed from the table where the feet on the bottom of the Echo contacted the table.  The table is a quality piece manufactured by Hickory Chair Furniture company.  The Echo’s design is faulty and may damage your furniture.  This is appears to be from the rubber and heat generated by the Echo’s electronics which are mostly in the bottom of the Echo.  If placing the Echo on anything nice you should place a piece of cloth or felt under it.  The Echo does have better sound than the earlier version.  It’s light ring is a bit annoying and too bright at times.  The ability to turn off the microphone is nice for privacy.  I believe Amazon should correct their design and warn their customers of potential damage.  The damage to my furniture will cost $1000 to fix.  The Echo has been moved to the stone counter top in the kitchen for fear of ruining anything else.  I am very disappointed with Amazon’s response to my complaint and request for repair/replacement of my furniture.	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	getting it to work and music is to high for the price! should be cheaper for us seniors to afford!	3	November 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I specifically bought this one after I spent multiple minutes yelling at my echo dot to stop the alarm one day. This one is worse!It's like it doesn't fully mute the alarm so alarm goes off, you say ”Alexa”, it quiets the alarm by about 70%, “ turn off alarm” the muffled alarm makes another beeping noise but muted some and the device thinks it’s more voice input. Then it proceeds to go to the maximum voice input length with the muffled alarm for like another minute. Then it starts loud again because of course it doesn’t know what to do with the command “Alexa turn off the alarm... 1 minute of beeping noise” at this point my fiancé gets up swearing “why’d you even buy this stupid thing?” And yanks it out of the wall.The other occurrence is I say “Alexa” pretty loud and it just doesn’t respond. The alarm keeps going. I have to pretty much yell “Alexa” from my bed. The echo is about 3 ft away from the foot of my queen size bed and I have to yell at it like I’m training a dog in German commands.  Either way my fiancé is  then in a horrible mood the rest of the day.Literally I’m already so invested in “Alexa” I just spent $100 hoping they made a decent product this time.Nope.Go Google home. Man, they’ve got to be better. Avoid echo’s like the plague they are.	1	November 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased two Echo Dots (gen 4) previous to buying the All New Echo (gen 4) with premium sound. This may just be a bad device, so take it for what it is worth. The Echo Dots work great the Echo can’t seem to hear me. I can whisper from the other room and the Dot can hear me and respond. I normally sit about six to eight feet from the Echo with Premium sound and I have to repeat myself and raise my voice for her to pay attention....kind of like a stubborn child😁	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the look of this Echo and the sound quality is good, but I have to constantly repeat myself and sometimes raise my voice for her to hear me.	3	October 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought this Echo device thinking the internal ZigBee hub would allow me to get rid of various ZigBee device hubs like the Linkind and ThirdReality hubs. But alas, Echo requires the hubs as well. So I returned the new Echo 4 because the ZigBee hub doesn't add anything I didn't have already. Alexa already connects to the numerous hubs I have.But Alexa is also getting on my nerves.Me: ""Alexa, set a timer for five minutes.""Alexa: ""Timer for five minutes, starting now. By the way, I can also tell you the time. Would you like me to do that now?""The other day she suggested she could order something for me. No. I would fire a human assistant who tried to sell me stuff, and I'm not going to have Alexa selling me. I de-activated my Echo Dot and Echo Show 5, and unplugged them. I can still use the Alexa app on my phone for home automation devices, and ""press to ask Alexa"" on my Fire TV remote, so I really don't need Echo devices. And certainly not ones that are going to pester me with ""by the way"" statements.Adios, Alexa. By the way, did you know there are other voice assistants out there?"	1	December 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was somewhat disappointed by the audio.  Although it is a step up in fidelity over the 4th generation Dot, it is only a very small step, with a little more bass.	3	September 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really liked the echo dot gen 4, but could care less for the rounded shape, rather have it looking more like the sonos one, also I am annoyed with your light features. I which it was less lighting on the thing. I use the mic feature 1/3 of the time. I really don't want alexa hearing me all the time. the fact that you can turn off the mic is nice but the annoying light again there is the annoying ring of fire and the red light on the mic button. the button would be ok with less lighting, the ring of fire can go. Not sure I am keeping it because the light is annoying. when I bought it I did think it had a battery rechargable back up for when you go in the back yard. it would be nice to have one for outdoors with say 10 hrs of music on a full charge. I probably going to return it. it is a good start though.	2	March 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Que la conexión Bluetooth tiene retrasos y se Intercorta	3	December 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I guess the echo does what I was built to do. But if you trying to make a smart home and you haven't really done a whole lot of research it may not work for you. After purchase and many hours of attempting to connect it to my schlage smart deadbolt I figured out that there are two types of smart home devices Zwave and Zigbee. So the Amazon echo does not connect to any devices that work with Zwave. So now I have to purchase another smart home hub.	3	April 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Este nuevo Echo mejora los graves, pero a veces se siente chasquido en los twiter. Cubre un área grande con la potencia de sonido incluída. Me agrado la fácil integración a los bombillos Phillips Hue. En general la integración con Alexa es excelente, considerando que pude integrar todos los elementos de domótica existentes con facilidad. El reconocimiento de voz no es muy bueno en comparación con los Echo Dot de segunda y tercera generación. No he logrado ubicarlo para lograr mejorar la percepción de mi voz. El aditivo de batería permite usarla libremente como un parlante portátil.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone on this thing sucks. I sleep next to mine, have for a long time. I used to be able to whisper to my alexa first gen speaker and my alexa 3rd gen dot but now I have to either repeat myself 3 or 4 times getting progressively louder (and more frustrated) or reach over and hit the button and even when she does pick up my voice she will either ignore my commands or tell me that she did not understand me. I have had my alexa in my bathroom across the hall hear me through both closed doors and respond appropriately before this one even picked up my voice...Sound is what I would expect for a 60 dollar speaker (what I paied)I do not like the non -omnidirectional take that the redesign has utilized and I miss the volume nob on top... I have also missed several notifications now that the light ring is on the bottom of the device.... lights are meant to be seen, not hidden or tucked away.	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Lots of pros & cons.Pros:Sound & hub are fantastic compared to Echo 2nd gen.  Very pleased.Cons:No way to use a charger so we can cut the cord & move it around like l do with my Echo 2nd gen. That is so critical. I move my 2nd gen around all the time! Why no way to use a charger with 4?Biggest glitch: we cannot use our remotes so we have to yell again!  What were they thinking removing this vital feature? I hate it! Tried for days to figure it out.  Finally reached an Echo expert who told me it is not included in the software for Echo 4.Cannot see rings unless you set it on a mirror. Duh? That is insane.White cord shipped with black Echo 4.  Hope l can get this fixed.Suddenly having issues with it not  recognizing songs & artists on Amazon music unlimited. Why?I'll add more issues as l find them.	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It sounds the same as my first Echo	3	December 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It keeps dropping connection. Echo 3 is more strong and stable	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I only have one comment as everyone knows these Echo devices are generally great.  I only give it 3 stars because I find it cheesy and cheap from a company making millions and millions off of this echo-system (pun intended) that they cannot supply a color matched power cord.  Seriously a white one with a black device is just plain ugly.  All of my previous echo devices have color matched cords.  This just strikes me as a cheaping out through simplification of only one color cord.  Get real.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The second Generation Echo Dot Sounded much better when you talk This big ball Sounds muffled and you have to turn the Bass Down But it sounds great for playing music , And it just seems like it's hard of hearing a lot Does not respond very good I am going to keep it To play music but we'll use the small hockey puck Echo Dot To talk to It is crisp and clear Where the big ball like I said is muffled sounding Too much Bass Even after turning it down And turning the treble up .	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I suppose if you have a smart home than the extra features that were supposedly added to this version of the echo would be worth upgrading.  I upgraded from Echo generation one, so I was expecting a totally new experience.  The voice recognition was alright before and nothing has changed.  The sound was good before and it's marginally better now.  The new design is attractive though, at least in my mind it is.  Bottom line for me is I don't regret the purchase because I use it daily, but my previous echo was doing all the same things just fine.	3	November 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Cannot figure out how to create a playlist of assorted songs, save it to the device and remember it.  I have created a playlist on my computer, in my alexa account, but I cannot get it to the device memory itself.Frustrating.	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"It works just ok.  It often mixes up what I am asking it, or tells me things not even close to what I am asking it. I can ask it to play a certain type of music, for example, and it will then say "" ok playing "" and name something i didn't even ask for.  It does that alot and it is very frustrating.  The sound quality is good when it does speak or play music.  Set up was easy enough."	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker is fine, decent bass output but my god the microphone is the worst I've ever seen. We can be sitting right next to it, look at and address it directly and it will not wake up, but our echo dot 2 ROOMS AWAY will hear us and respond. What good is an echo that doesn't even wake up? It's just a very expensive paperweight.	2	February 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My Echo plus really is an amazing speaker so when I came across a premium multi speaker Echo, I had to have it.  Sure the quality of sound is excellent but I must admit that the sound throughout the room is not as good as the older Echo plus unit.  It is not as full sounding and certainly not as loud - even though I'd hardly call myself a loud music listener.  I'd not say that it's something I'd return it for but it is not quite what I had hoped for.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not as reported. Poor quality audio. Rarely picks up commands. Mouthy when it does.	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's not chargeable	3	January 5, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Why, Amazon, why? These big black balls take up twice as much space on my surfaces as the tall, erect units with exactly the same features and comparable sounds. I live in a farmhouse, not an orbiting spacecraft. It's ""FINE"" but I'd rather have another tall thick one. I can't even hide this and I am afraid what people will think of me when they see it."	2	February 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Everything seems good on it but the sound. Not what they make it seem or talk up on in specs. Speakers need improvement.  Can't turn up to loud with out the speakers having a cracking sound.	2	May 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Like:ConvenienceDid not like: sound quality	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I remember when I got my firts echo! Was amazing, somehow the quality and intuitive features now feel so NO GOOD, Alexa barely understand me, I have to SCREAM 3 times what I want in order to get this device to actually do it.So disappointed and really thinking in just get the APPLE home pod mini	2	March 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Device has issue hearing commands.	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered 3 of these and the sound is good enough to fill a space. I also ordered the studio and it is far superior to the echo 4th gen . The studio may be twice the price but it is more than twice as good. . I will be replacing at least one of the echos with another studio.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The gen 4 echo and dot that I have just seem like they do not perform as well as previous gen models. With the gen 4 echo I feel like I have to yell at it to wake up and respond, where my gen 1 can hear me from across the room speaking at a normal level. The gen 4 echo and dot seem to be slower to process commands as well. My gen 1 echo and gen 3 puck perform much better than the gen 4 devices. My gen 4 dot has an issue playing the ambient sound app. I tell it to loop or set a sleep timer to keep playing all night and it shuts off in a matter of minutes. If my gen 1 echo just had a zigbee hub in it I'd be a happy camper. I think the gen 1 echo also sounds better, mids and lows to me are better on the gen 1.	2	April 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Used for music	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone sensitivity is very bad. I constantly have to yell “Alexa” in order for it to wake up.  Saying Alexa in a normal volume only works half the time.	2	June 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I was excited for the newest edition of the Echo, but this falls short in a few areas. I miss the ability to quickly walk by and twist the top to turn up/down the volume. This was a great feature that allowed you to seamlessly do this in no time, in the dark, as you're walking by, etc. I have also noticed that you have to be a lot closer to the device than previous models for Alexa to ""listen"" to you. Slightly disappointed."	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased it on Amazon.com on Thursday (11/18) it was delivered the following Saturday (11/20), Excellent delivery time! Amazon had it priced at $59.99 and that included a free smart color light bulb. Set up was very easy since it was preregistered to my Alexa count. It was purchased to replace an Echo Dot (3rd gen) in my master bathroom that I use to listen to my music library via MyMedia For Alexa. I was looking forward to even better sound quality. However, after about 10 to 15 minutes of listening 'What a huge letdown'! The crisp highs were not there and the bass sounded muffled. I tried sampling songs from my Peter Gabriel Security album (a great album for testing sound systems in new cars etc.) and it failed miserably. They call that Premium Sound? Now I know why it was greatly reduced in price and a free smart bulb included. Returning it (and the color bulb) has been a very easy process so far, my local UPS store should be handling repacking, labeling, and shipping all for free... again 'so far', we will see Monday.If your looking for very good sound at a very good price check out the Echo Dot (3rd gen) now at $19.99.	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	In the age of small powerful speakers this little speaker is nothing to write home about. It sounds OK at low volumes but sounds less and less good as the volume goes up. When you want to play it a bit loud the sound is very unbalanced mid range is too high Bass is too low. For a small office room or small bedroom it may be OK but I have it in a large kitchen/living room and the sound just can fill the space. My Bose, JBL, and Apple pod sound much better.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition could be better	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have dealt with plenty of smart home devices and this is by far the most useless gimmick I have ever seen. It easily connected to one thermostat and after that it refuses to acknowledge that any other smart home devices exist. All are connected on the same network, all skills are enabled, it won't even let me connect to a second thermostat of the same model that is connected. I have verified that all the devices work properly with their native apps. One item I am trying to get working is a smart home enabled stove, after days of on and off trying I finally got a response from Alexa, one time, and the only way to do that is to open the alexa app, open the applicable skill, launch the skill, and then alexa will answer questions or commands for that stove. After all of that it is easier to just use the stove controls, but, I bought all of this for my almost completely blind mother who can't see the controls of any stove or use a smart phone app. I thought voice control would be perfect as she can still cook fine but can't control the oven. Don't waste your money on this.	1	December 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo did what it was supposed to do in the beginning.A year later the speaker started failing. Random crackling and hissing would come and go. It would randomly do this the rest of the day even late night to a point that its annoying and needed to be unplugged.I doubt Amazon would exchange since it conveniently failed a year after its return window.  You will have to buy a new one at this point. So think twice before you purchase it.	1	August 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Nice sound and interstates easy but she does have more trouble understanding what we are asking her for some reason."	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	I'm actually pretty unimpressed, I think I got a lemon. Currently we have a gen 1, 2 gen 2's and a 3 dots. I got this one and had it replace our most used echo in the kitchen. The sound quality keeps dropping, I have to unplug it quite often so it will reset or something. Also, she's deaf, I have to give her multiple commands and the light ring glows each time, but nothing. Swapped it with the least used one in the house. Grrrrr...	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	For the most part I really like this product. I got this and two dots for my kids and we enjoy using them. But atleast once a week we have to unplug and reset atleast one of the 3 devices because it's not responding. It understand what I say better then home devices from another brand (i.e I don't have to repeat myself, but also lacks the ability to get you good results for general questions that aren't phrased correctly where another brand excells.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"After owning the original Amazon Echo, I thought it might be time for an upgrade when I found it had become a bit sluggish to respond to the wake word, or when Alexa's confusion about what exactly to do with my utterances increased as her abilities have been expanded. Unfortunately, I find this new device to be no upgrade at all, and while the new ID is nicer in person than I expected, that's hardly enough to justify the purchase price. If I had known newer hardware would not have improved the voice assistant, I'm not sure I would make this purchase. That said, if you are looking for a first Echo device, this is not a bad one. The sound quality is good for casual listening, and the feature set is useful, though I'd love a toggle for less ""by the way"" suggestions after Alexa completes a task."	2	July 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I'm really kind of bummed with this new Echo. It never seems to hear me properly (if at all). I have to stand right in front of it for it to hear me properly. I have an Echo device in just about every room from the Echo Flex to many Echo Dots and an Echo Show. They all respond better than this ""new"" version Echo. The spund quality is very good considering it's small size, but if it can't hear/underatand me it can't play music well."	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	So I purchased the Echo 4th Gen and it came with a FREE Ring Smart Lightbulb. Only problem is, when finally deciding to take the time to activate the FREE lightbulb with the Alexa app, I am now being told I need to purchase a Ring Bridge. Seriously??? So they included the free lightbulb that won't even function with Alexa without spending more money to link the two items shipped to me.Be careful what you think makes for a better value when included in a purchase, as this free lightbulb is useless to me. Guess I will toss out by curb with a free sign on it!!	2	November 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this in a bundle with a Ring lightbulb, everything regarding sound and voice recognition is good but I tried to pair both items and it was impossible. I checked with support on both sides but they have terrible technical support, I already read all the documentation on both sides, went to forums and nothing, there is no clear explanation for the issue . The only thing that it is clear is that the smart part of the lightbulb is working because each time I turn it on a ring Bluetooth device is detected on my phone.So if you are thinking on get this as a smart hub, think twice your choice.Ps: I am an electronic engineer, so I was very diligent on all the tests performed, it is not lack of knowledge.	2	September 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound of the music playback is really not better than the original chip can and I now have to yell to get it's attention.  It is exactly the same location as the former model.Also Amazon, we need to be able to control the tone on Alexa's voice.  I have high frequency hearing loss and it is hard for me to understand Alexa sometimes.  If I could increase the treble or select a different mode like voice mode on some applications, that would really help.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound for the price. I bought two and created a stereo pair.UPDATE: When set as a stereo pair or even a multi-room group, the speakers constantly cut out playing Amazon Music. Customer service tried to tell me it was my wi-fi, but when these are used as stand-alone speakers, they don't have the issue. For it to be a wi-fi issue, they should behave the same way in all cases. There is some issue with the way the echo's are being paired. I've dropped my rating from 5 stars to 3.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’m a big fan of Amazon ecosystem I have echo devices everywhere. I really wanted to love this, It looks great, sounds phenomenal when playing music, but unfortunately has a hard time picking voices in answering commands correctly. A lot of times simple instructions such as ‘watch CBS’would be interpreted as ‘what is CBS’, gets really aFrustrating sometimes. This is my third echo and truly the worst of the bunch with voice recognition.	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have two Echo devices already and I think they're great. The 4th gen Echo has been totally disappointing so I just returned it today. The voice commands are on the bottom of this device as apposed to my other Echos where the commands and lighting are on the top. I had to constantly repeat my commands and talk much louder because it couldn't hear me. The last straw was it stopped listening to me at all. I would yell at it to stop playing music and no response. Are you kidding me Amazon?	1	August 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Overall its alright, happy i got it on sale and not for full price. It is an amazing speaker with a very nice base that shakes my desk a bit but, it does not pick up my voice all the time despite my voice being registered with my account. I will occasionally have to yell Alexa instead of just saying Alexa but its neither here nor there. I used to have a 2 1/2 year old gen 3 echo dot that was better at picking up my voice.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	So, over the past 3-4 years we have come to find Alexa indispensable.  Well, we thought the new Echo 4th Gen was going to be game changing for us.  Looks great and we were excited about the volume and sound for music.  It looks so nice we put it on the credenza rather than our Dot in the cabinet.  Well she must be old, like in 80, because she doesn't hear nearly as well as the one in the cabinet.  First mediocre Amazon review I think...	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Muffled - overly bass sound. I am very disappointed	3	December 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Wish we had never purchased this.  Her voice recognition is poor and you have to stand right in front of her and yell.  We didn't do that with the old one.  Some of her answers are not even close so I pick up my phone and get the correct answer from Google. Music quality is the only improvement and it wasn't worth it.	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition really isn't very good on this. Alexa uses terminology when she speaks but when you ask about the same terminology she doesn't understand. The sound is okay for one speaker. Our Echo started playing intermittent static really loud during music. Also we kept getting Amazon ads that could not be turned off. Even customers service could not figure it out.	1	September 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"- Inconsistent when responding - sometimes will answer you from 10 feet away, sometimes won't respond from 3 feet away. Hot/cold.- On some occasions, will understand you perfectly - better than you expect. At others, you wonder if you're on the same plane of existence.Speaking of Echo though, I do like the sound quality. It does sound bassy but I think there's a higher degree of clarity. I tested this by playing ""50 ways to lose your lover"" (aka Steve Gadd's iconic drum groove) on Echo 3rd gen and 4th gen. The song sounds so much better on the latter.Anyhoo, the model in question has poor listening skills on account of which, I rate it a glorious 1 star."	1	October 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s a nice look and when it works, sounds nice.But I have constant issues with static or it cuts out; not sure if it’s a wifi thing. I have this one and Echo studio. Echo studio has no problems at all.The echo is in a bedroom right across from the where the router is and studio is a floor below. Not sure why the echo always has connection/static issues. Maybe it was just the one I received!	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It was a gift.  It is overkill for me as I do not use much technology, don't have a smart home or any smart appliances.  I just listen to the music.	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"DO NOT PURCHASE THE ECHO (4th Gen) DEVICE.  I purchased this device on the ""Cyber Monday"" deal.  It hasn't performed well since my purchase.  I contacted Amazon about this.  Do a Factory Reset they said.  It helped it for about a week.  Won't hear me at a ""normal"" voice level, I practically have to scream at it.  Now it won't play music or anything else clearly.  It is like the speaker is ""blown"" out.  I had Amazon replace this with another one...Less than a month later...It is doing the same thing as the first one.  This is the worst Amazon Device I have had, as I also have an original Dot, a Show, 1st gen Echo, and now a new echo dot.  DO NOT PURCHASE ONE OF THESE."	1	May 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have nearly every echo device that has ever been released. This one is novel in its shape size and overall appearance. I cannot say it sounds much different than the prior model but the looks are tremendously different and I actually like it for variety purposes. I am unhappy however with the quality of it’s voice recognition. I often have to repeat myself and this is the least accurate at catching the words I am speaking of all the units I own. I sure hope it improves with time and software updates.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality of this Echo compared to the dots is much better. Max volume is significantly higher and the bass quality is much better. However, I use my Echo and Echo dots for more than just listening to music. Being able to interact with them via voice is a critical capability (it's the whole point of these units), and the voice recognition on these units compared to the dots I have and my phone is vastly inferior, especially if any music is playing. I do appreciate the fact that they have a zigbee hub integrated and I have taken advantage of this, but the poor quality of the microphone is extremely frustrating.	2	October 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Every week it’s worse and worse. Sometimes it gets a command the first time. Might be the second. Maybe the sixth. Same command, no background noise, same tone and pronunciation. It also might remember device names. Or not. It might play through all speakers. Or not. Or it might play all speakers for a while, and then randomly play only some. Or it might play nothing for an hour, and then remember and play something. Or not. Good luck. I’m off to buy some Google products.	1	August 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No soy fan de dar malos comentarios pero este dispositivo me está volviendo loco se activa a cada momento a leer audio libro no importa que este escuchado música la quita y se pone a leer el libro electrónico  a media noche me despierta leiendo  pero a quien ala tres dela mañana tengo que dejarlo desconetado si quierooo dormir tranquilo lo tengo en modo nocturno eso no importa se activa a cualquier hora desinstale el audible y sigue hablando en la madrugada desative el skill tampoco funcionó la única solución es dejarlo desconetado en la noche antes de acostarme nose si me mandaron un dispositivo con problema o está dañados sí se me olvidó desconetarlo tengo que desconetarlo porque ponerlo en pausa no funciona porque se activa de nuevo no se que solución tengo que hacer si  dejarlo desconetado para siempre o solo usarlo mientras esté en la casa porque es notado que en el día también lo hace y todas la rutina están desativada sólo la de encender la luces y los enchufes inteligente están activos	1	February 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was gifted the new Echo 4 gen from my bf after he got himself one. I already had an Echo dot so adding it to my network was super easy. I can't wait to enable and use more skills now that I have multiple rooms. I just have to say this. WHAT'S UP WITH THIS WHITE CORD?  STAND OUT MUCH? I may update with more stars after I use it more but right out of the box I was instantly disappointed by this.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I won't even go into the mess I went through in getting an Echo in the first place.  After waiting for weeks because of a pre-order, package damaged, second shipment, lost at the last minute, third shipment took it's time, so I canceled after hours on the phone with support.  One major headache! I ended up canceling after 2 1/2 months of trying and bought at Best Buy! I promptly return the next day.  First, the Echo couldn't hear me at all when I first set it up.  I went through all the steps to reset, unplug and restart my network.  I was about to give up, and all of the sudden it started responding.  I was happy for one minute until I had to start yelling at the top of my lungs when I was right next to it, for the unit to respond. By this time, I WAS DONE!  Amazon needs to do some work on the piece of....well you know what!	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	We aren’t happy with our new Echo.  It takes up more counter space and has about the same quality of sound as our 6 year old model. Plus, the new Echo doesn’t hear us.  We have to repeat commands multiple times to get a response.  We feel this product is not as good as our old Echo.	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you're hoping to link these to a fire stick or something to use as your home theater audio I would pass. Constantly cuts out. Every 20 mins or so.	1	October 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The microphone is horrible in the 4th gen echo. I had to change the name of my 1st gen echo placed in another room because it answered my request while the new echo would not. We continually repeat ourselves for simple requests and we often get results that have nothing to do with our requests. We often have to repeat simple requests like, ""turn on lamp"". We love the sound quality, though we had to adjust the bass level."	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Love it when working	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The premium sound Echo 4 fell short in my opinion.  While it is better than the Echo Dot, I was hoping for better sound.  It is good enough that I am going to keep, but not good enough that I would buy another.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is hardly improved from first gen. Microphone array stinks, arguably worse than the original. Often have to repeat myself, even in a quiet room.  When a timer goes off it’s own alarm noise will conflict with my voice as I try to stop the alarm and it won’t shut up.Additional minor things:I think dropping the volume ring is a loss but not terrible.The fabric is doomed to get irreversibly dirty over time.The light on the bottom is discrete but also too discrete in a well-lit room.To elaborate on the real issue:I have it in the exact same location as my last echo and these microphone and voice detection issues are new.I dont know if the hardware is the failure or the software. If software cant fix it then idk what to tell you guys.  Im concerned the smaller stature forces the microphone to be too close to the speakers.I really am disappointed that it isnt better. I waited an extra year to upgrade because I figured this one might be a leap forward and some places online suggested it was. Its a baby step with issues.And for the record, if I plug an old google mini into that same spot I have no issues.UPDATE: switched to Apple HomePod mini....couldn't be happier.  Smaller, better sounding, better voice command recognition, better iPhone integration.	1	January 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had a first generation Echo and replaced it with this 4th generation version due to network problems.  The sound quality on the new one is better and worth the upgrade.  However, the device does not respond to commands as readily as the original.  It doesn't hear me unless I raise my voice considerably.  I find myself repeating commands all the time.  My old Echo had no problem and my Echo Dots (early generation) don't have the problem.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is great.  But, the voice recognition is terrible.  I love the Jeopardy skill, and can’t play it on this device.  The skill randomly fails.  That is Sooooooo frustrating. Especially if you are in the middle of a good round.  I need to use one of my older devices to play Jeopardy.  I regret buying this.  Sacrificing voice recognition for improved sound quality is NOT WORTH IT!!!	2	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update: Amazon called me the day after I submitted my review (impressive) and had me do a hard reset. She seems to be working well now - hopefully it lasts!While the sound is pretty good playing music - Alexa is unresponsive. Most of the time my husband ends up yelling at it “ALEXA SET A TIMER…ALEXA….A-L-E-X-A”. She’s proceeds to offer some insight into some 19th century something or another.I’ve chosen not to yell but rather just speak more slowly and succinctly. Her ring lights up, then she silently flips me off and her ring of light goes off.Sigh. Wish I had my Gen 1 echo back.	2	October 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"My two biggest complaints are:1. After more than a 1.5 months, I still have to repeat simple instructions to Alexa. The AI is not improving.  And 2. The AI failing to reliably identify the different voices associated with different profiles. It seems to almost always assume it is the account owner, even when different voices and profiles have been ""memorized"". It always gets the account owner correct, but gets the other users wrong over 70% of the time."	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to get her attention	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have already returned this item. I only bought it in the hope that, having a built-in hub, it might be able to control some of our devices when our internet connection becomes spotty from time to time. It doesn't. ANY Alexa device MUST have constant, perfect connectivity. Alexa will - literally - not give you the time of day without getting an okay from Amazon central. As such, it offered no advantages over our Gen-3 dots, but at 2-1/2 times the price.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have an Echo Dot and it works pretty much flawless. I swear this one needs a hearing aid and seen to have a bad attitude. The vice recognition is terrible and I have to yell to get a response most of the time it sometimes I'll just get ignored. The sound is good but has a little too much bass if you want to play it on a low volume in a bedroom. Would be nice if you could adjust it. I wouldn't buy again.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded from the first Echo to this one because the older one didn't recognize when I was talking to it very well anymore.  I was excited to not have to be able to yell at it, but the new one seems almost worse.  The sound quality is very good with the new one though.  I am not a fan of the globe shape as it is doesn't fit well on the counter where I had the older one.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	… and when Starlink … I mean Skynet’s  Terminator Alexa edition 5th gen, will coE finish me off first. I know it!! The worst part is I will apologize to the piece of junk, but she won’t be able to hear me cause she is DEAF as a doornail. Plus, the controls are really weirdly angled. Basically the controls are positioned so far up that it honestly is better suited with the plug side being more accessible to access the controls. But the plug side is obviously ugly. I wouldn’t buy this piece of space junk again! I’m sending it back after about 3 weeks now. I thought it would learn my voice, cadence and tone just like my 1st gen. Nope, dumber than ever. Sad. Alexa was such a great product, and just like Amazon as a hole, the experience and the quality of all the junk on here is overseas quality. Not American. But, we Americans love stuff and we like it cheap. So, we are all trashy! Maybe Skynet taking us out isn’t a terrible thing. We’re killing the ourselves anyway.	1	January 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I did research prior to this purchase to make sure I could get set up without a smartphone.  Indications were that I could as long as I had Wi-Fi. Indications were wrong. I have a desk top computer that does not use Wi-Fi, but I have Wi-Fi for my Kindle. I tried for three hours on my own, and an additional four hours with tech support (7 different helpers -- they seemed to change off every 1/2 hour) and the conclusion was that I needed either a laptop (i.e. Wi-Fi activated) or a smartphone to go through set-up. There is a possibility that a Fire Kindle (?) would have worked, although we never pursued that angle once it was determined that I did not have one.  I ended up returning the Echo in frustration and disappointment. This is a simple, very basic requirement that should be stated somewhere. It is so simple that one of the 7 support persons should have told me early on. Although all were friendly and polite, the tech support people clearly had a menu of responses and procedures to relate to me, and I had to start at the top with my situation each time someone new took over. I don't think any of them actually knew anything, just how to keep asking the same questions and giving me the same set of procedures ... most of which I had already gone through before ever contacting them.	1	December 3, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bass is really good	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I'm do computers for a living, and these things just don't work easily.I got the upgrade, and added it to an existing set of echos, and now:- the new one doesn't play when I say to play music everywhere- the lights don't work properly- other issues, some of which are related to the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz WiFi speeds that have conflicts for some devicesIf you're technical, you can eventually figure it out, or call customer service and spend hours on the phone trying to get them to help.So aggravating.	1	July 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	When the volume for music is raised to a level that doesn't blast you out of the house Alexa responses can not be heard. Voice recognition is terrible, maybe it has something to do with the volume setting.	3	August 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I don’t typically write reviews, but this thing is so maddening it drove me to it. The sound and volume are good and that’s the only positive thing I have to say. The first one I bought wouldn’t set up right and when it finally got set up, it would answer one question and then disconnect from internet. I have an Echo Dot that had no problems connecting at the time. Customer service was helpful, but it still had the same problem. I ordered a new one and it set up quickly. Unfortunately, it doesn’t pick up voice commands as well as the Echo Dot and it loses connection to the internet when my other online devices are working. I read other review that were displeased with voice pickup and they were right. It is inconsistent enough to make it maddening. We used our Echo Dot all the time and I think we’ll go back to that. The better sound isn’t worth the hassle!	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have every Amazon eco that has came out. this one does not hear you as good, you need to speed louder for it to here you. It could be because it is under it instead of on top of it. It does sound better then the old ones.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	For those wondering, the alexa gaurd is totally worthless. We bought a couple echos in large part for the glass break feature in alexa gaurd. I set it up and ran a few simulations ranging from glass break sound effects to shattering glass with a hammer. It detected none of it.I know its a free feature so maybe I was expecting too much but it 100% worthless as a home security sentinel. I was within 5-8 feet for all these tests. I will likely be returning both my speakers. Save your money.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is amazing but as soon as I call out for Alexa she doesn’t prompt m. I have to scream for her to hear me. It’s a bit ridiculous	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	After several month with losing connection, today i am not longer able to use the speaker connect to the fire tv max stick. the customer support was not qualifyed for tech support. He told me i can not use the remote from the fire tv stick to control volume, i had to use voice command for volume up or down. I used the remote from the beginning to control the volume. The problem is i can not connect the Echo to my network. I  connected it several times, but a soon you open the alexa app it is in a wrong network.So i will throw out this crap, i am done with alexa.	1	June 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was expecting a greater quality in sound, unfortunately it lacks in sound quality, my google screen has better sound.	3	October 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Unreliable	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Todo el dispositivo se ve bien con el nuevo diseño. Lo que he notado y no me agrada en comparación con los ECHO 3er generación es que no responde pronto a la voz. Se tienen que hacer de 2 a 3 intentos para que el equipo espere la instrucción. Yo tengo los dos ECHOs 3er y 4ta generación y la diferencia al tiempo de respuesta al comando de voz para indicar lo que necesitas en el de 4ta generación es significativa.	3	February 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Still no built-in battery base, thus I also bought the ggmm e4 battery base to take it around with me.After that, it is a big upgrade to the last generations of Echo devices! I finally get that nice 360 surround sound without having to buy an ancillary device. I love how it paired instantly to my other Echo devices. Now, when I'm playing music, it goes to all of my rooms much easier. The device was also much easier to set up than previous generations. I ordered an Echo Dot 4 just for the clock feature with the new 360 sound. Can't wait for it to arrive!"	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Personally, I felt like the sound quality of this one was only slightly better than the sound quality of the newer puck size Echo model at normal levels of sound. If you turn up the sound, then yes it does fill the room with a fuller sound when playing music.  It does work very well with Alexa in every other way however.	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Okay I guess	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t be easily fooled.  The cock is on a different model.  It’s totally misleading.  I was mad	3	October 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I own this item the echo hub and the 2nd gen dot. The voice recognition is a bit spotty, but sound quality on the dot is much fuller then previous generation.  Anything over 29.99 is to much for this device. To get the most out of the echo, you have to add additional services like the full Amazon music, soundscapes and audio books. It does have many skills like thermostat control, roku TV, hues lights and other smart device. Some are at a limited control basis and varies.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This works well, was easier than an earlier model to set up, has great sound BUT burned our wood table. It melted the finish and burned a dark stain. It must get hot?Use only with a coaster under it.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa doesn't not interact well she doesn't recognize commands and sometimes just not act when needed...urghhhh	2	June 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I really like the enhanced sound for music from the new echo, but the microphone does not work as well as the 3rd gen model nor the 4th gen echo dot that responds to commands even though it's in another room from the echo.  I have tried turning to access another  mic but it hasn't improved the listening ability.  Still overall pleased since we do use it for music.	3	May 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sounds is good, it seems to recognize voice commands well but it often chooses not to follow them.  Example Alexa lamp on.. ok (lamp turns on), Alexa lamp off... lamp is not responding... or the phrase you used all week becomes I don't understand that.  My favorite is when it says ok then does nothing. The integration is even worse if you have multiple alexa devices since they seem to randomly choose which will listen and where the commands will execute.  You can set a default device but this doesn't seem to matter much.  Play playlist  sometimes works other times it starts a random radio station of course getting it to play in right room may require you to mute every other device first.	2	September 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had a second gen Echo Dot for years. It was connected to a premium speaker and I absolutely loved it. Decided to upgrade to this because I thought having a 2 in 1 speaker would suffice. To my dismay, it did not suffice. Even though this Echo touts itself as having ‘premium sound,’ I just don’t feel that is the case. Maybe I’m so used to using a premium speaker that I can hear the difference. But this Echo’s sound quality just isn’t good. I’m not just talking about music playback. Alexa’s voice sounds deep and raspy. I live in a small studio so I don’t need much but I’m just not happy with this Echo. I’m still going to use it but I will connect it to a Sonos One.Do yourself a favor. Get an Echo Dot and connect it to a premium speaker or just get a smart speaker like a Sonos One or Bose. But stay away from this Echo.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound and look is an excellent upgrade. The Alexa voice is not very good: I feel my generation one had much better voice recognition then this one. I Would have  given it 5 stars if it wasn’t for the voice issue. I’m hoping future updates will fix this..	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had major problems when configuring as a Home Theater with a Firestick 4k Max.  The wouldn't pair, then once paired and working the next day the Firestick failed requiring a factory reset.  This was every day!  I also found they caused the Firestick to put out a hidden ssid on the strongest wifi channel it found.  This caused havoc with my home networks.They may work OK as standalone but not ready for use with a Firestick.	2	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have one of these, plus two 4th gen Echo Dots, and an Echo Show 8. The voice recognition on this particular device is really disappointing in comparison to the other devices. I can be standing 5 feet away from this device, looking directly at it, and say ""Alexa"" and it will not light up, while at least one (if not all three) of the other devices which are 15+ feet away (and in different rooms) will light up.The sound quality is pretty good - there obviously are other devices with much better sound quality - but I think the quality for the price is very reasonable.Update: I reduced the rating from 4 to 2 stars. Nothing has gotten worse, but I realized that I was being far too kind with my rating.I also wanted to clarify that I've never had any Echo devices before the 4th gen series, so I don't have any context about older versions."	2	November 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 6 echo devices, and this has been the absolute worst.  Let's put it working aside for now, because it doesn't work.  The round design while cool looking, is crap.  Why?  it's hard to reach the controls, you can't quickly twist the top to turn it up or down.  And when you do try to get the controls, you end up doing the wrong thing.  And it's big.  It takes up too much space.  The old model, while taller, had about a 3 square inch footprint.  This is double that.  Now, on to how it works...  When it did work, the sound wasn't as good as the old one -- didn't have good depth to it.  And now, onto it working...  it doesn't respond to commands though it lights up and acts like it does.  I've reset it.  I've deregistered it.  I've tried every troubleshooting thing I can, and I'm done.  Except the return window was on 3/24 so Amazon support says they won't take it back.  Which is beyond disappointing given my annual Amazon spend, the amount of Amazon stock I own, and the number of these devices I've invested in.  $100 device seems like a silly thing to anger a loyal customer and stockholder over.	1	April 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 7 echo devices. This is, by far, the worst of them, as far as voice recognition. I can whisper to my Gen 3 dot from across the room and she gets it, but this gen 4 echo fouls up commands consistently, even when I stand right before it, and annunciate as carefully as I can. I am sorry that I traded up from my Gen 1 to this Gen 4 !!!	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased as upgrade from echo dot.  The sound is still muddled.  I got for 49 dollars plus tax so was ok deal considering.  Not worth the full price. Sound is not crisp as it should be and does not fill the small room it is in.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality was mediocre.  My first gen Echos sound much better (accurate and natural)  than my 2nd, 3rd & 4th versions. Adjusting equalize helps but still doesn't approach 1st gen audioRest of 4th gen is ok.  It does take up significantly more space than previous versions	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Besides the very cool features that Alexa has to offer, our biggest gripe is that it sometimes takes 3-4 times to wake her up.  We also have an older Echo Dot that has no problems recognizing our deep desires to talk to her.  If you don't mind looking like a fool while shouting at an inanimate object , this is the one for you.  Otherwise, maybe wait for the next gen to come out that might actually listen to you.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I even tried a Pair of Echo (in Stereo)  which is far better sounding, but still lacking.Better off using a set of computer speakers, connected via BlueTooth or Aux Out.	3	August 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the fuller sound.  Alexa has trouble hearing me from behind the Echo unit or even from the side.  It seems that I need to be directly in front of the unit to get a response, or not be misunderstood.  I've used the limited options in the app to adjust the sound and still the voices are muffled.  The music sounds pretty good but I need to keep the bass very low.  I'm frankly a little disappointed.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Apple Music does not work in app, refuses to pair, says you need subscription when I already have one. Cannot find certain albums on Apple Music when using voice even though I’m looking at them in Apple Music app.cannot navigate music/choose songs from Alexa app. Will not pair with Amazon music.Sound is great, but until I can pick songs from Apple Music through either the Alexa app, or Apple Music app, it’s a 2. I don’t always want to talk to something.	2	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had a choice in colors for this device.  I chose black for a reason.  It came with a white power cord?  I was very disappointed.  That white cord glows from across the room in my black bookshelf.  Also, I am not a fan of the round design.  I really wanted another Echo plus, but I didn't really want a refurb.  To be fair, the thing functions great.  I just do not like the look.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Okay, I never write reviews, but read them all the time...Get the Dot 4th Gen and not this larger Echo. Sound quality is amazing for such a tiny little thing. I even hooked up an old subwoofer and speakers to it for optional sound, and when I turned them off, I realized just how awesome the little Dot was on its own! Lovely crisp bass, mid-range, and treble. Very well-balanced. I did SO much research before buying one. In fact, after I ordered it, I realized I had ordered the Dot and not this larger larger Echo 4th, so I ordered it and they were shipped together. I plugged this in before the Dot and was like, hmmm, worth the money? So I plugged the Dot in and was like, this sounds better!!! and for less! Definitely a great value and lovely sound, at any volume. Must consider!	2	April 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Didn’t pick up my voice from the beginning and now have gone out completely. Motion sensor is terrible. I spent 25 minutes on phone with Amazon rep and got disconnected after I spent 1 1/2 hour doing all the trouble shooting he wanted me to repeat. Could hardly understand him. Very disappointed in this productz	2	February 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought two of these along with an Echo Studio.  The Studio works and sounds great as well as one of the Echos.  The other Echo will at times randomly drop in quality like it's an AM signal on a bad radio.  Other times I've heard digital noise and what seems like static randomly coming from it.  Seems like it might be losing the WiFi signal, but it's right next to my router.I might be returning the lone Echo.  Perhaps it's faulty?	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	We were using a Dot and replaced it with this model the dot worked perfectly with the voice recognition which is what we primarily use it for the voice recognition is not quite as good on this model right now I’m hoping that it will get better with time the sound quality however is amazing great sound actually had to keep the volume turned down because it is so loud very very good speakers.	3	March 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I expected more out of the speakers (2 echo 4gen and echo sub). I think I like the 2nd gen cylindrical look better than the new sphere shape. When the new studio speakers come down in price (like half $100ea) I’ll probably upgrade to those.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It keeps trying to sell you Amazon Music about a third of the time when you ask for music by a certain artist. I can't get it to work with my new tv which is the reason I bought them to start with.	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Waste of Quality Time. Even Amazon Tech Support Doesn't Know How to Use These! Stick with using your stereo to listen to your TV. Can't switch between TV sound and Alexa Sound, Even Amazon doesn't or can't do this with any consistency. TV menus for Alexa change several times an hour. You can read all the stuff they send you and that will make you an expert at wasting your time. Unless you can't spell this is a waste of money and then just buy the echo dots.	2	November 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I've had one of the first echo models for a long time and it served me well.It's hard to say the same for this one. So far I've had to restart it several times due to lack of response. I'm hoping it's something that will go away with a software update but I might have to return it soon if it's not fixed.Also why is the cord white when the device is black? That's seems like an odd choice.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This generation of Amazon Echo has fewer speakers to listen to you. If you enjoy shouting at Alexa this is the speaker for you. Having gotten that out of my system, I love that they have temperature sensors. I live completely off the grid. Wood burning stoves only I can leave my house for hours at a time now and still check the temperature in each room from my phone to make sure my dogs are warm. Love that feature	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo hasn't worked with Spotify for a while now. My other two Alexa devices do. I am incredibly frustrated, I feel like I'm being tricked into using Amazon Music.	1	October 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This device has great sound sound but, when you do voice command it seems like it doesn't understanding me. The older devices had better voice command.	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’m a huge fan of the echo line - I’ve owned the 2nd and 3rd gen and decided to upgrade to the 4th. However, the 4th gen is pretty disappointing - the voice recognition is significantly worse than the previous gens (it requires you to repeat yourself multiple times before it’s able to pick up your command and it can get pretty frustrating). Overall sound quality is great, voice recognition pretty disappointing. If you have the 3rd gen keep it	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This unit replaces my original Echo because I wanted the Bluetooth pairing for TV sound. It works perfectly for that and so many other things. I'm not reviewing the Alexa/Echo functionality since so many products use that. I miss the volume ring and remote from my original Echo and the notification ring on this latest device is on the bottom and difficult to see if I am close to it.UPDATE - Six months later - this thing sucks! drops sound, does not respond to wake word(s), accepts a command then does nothing. Plays music when it feels like it. No other of my many Echo devices do this. I am beginning to hate this device. Don't buy this model. I paid a premium for better sound and it does not do what it's supposed to do.I've rebooted it and the router multiple times. Changed network settings, etc. Rest of network is fine and numbers are good it's just this blasted device that does not work reliably for streaming audio which is the main reason i bought it.UPdate again, - if i press the red button to turn off the microphone and then press it again hours later when i want to do something - i have to reboot the blasted thing to get it to listen, again.	1	May 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The message is not clear, the volume is too low, I raise it up Alexa lowers it till I can't hear it.  Alll in all I am sorry I bouht this speaker it is my 2nd one, I have a 2nd Gen and this one.  Sorry I spent the money.	2	March 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like the look of the new Echo and the integration within the Echo family of devices is seamless.However, the sound clarity and volume are well below optimal. Touted for having good sound quality does not make this compare well with other wireless speakers. Trying to increase the volume also makes it impossible to give commands to Alexa. I purchased two of the new Echo speakers but would not recommend this speaker.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is not the quality I thought it would beI am very disappointed. The sound in my original echo tower was much better. Possible return. It doesn't hear me mamy times when I say Alexa. Not good Amazon	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Much better sound quality then my echo plus second gen for the first 4 months that I have had it (only playing a few times a week). Now all of the sudden the speaker sounds like a glass jar full of gravel. Does Amazon warranty any of their electronics or am I stuck with a useless black ball that I can no longer listen to after just 4 months of use? guess I should have got that stupid electronics warranty after all	2	December 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I replaced an echo dot with this echo. It definitely can't hear as good as the dot! I have to talk louder and repeat. It doesn't pick up just around the corner with no wall whereas I never had this problem with 3rd gen dot .It def needs bigger ears. Other than that, it's great 😕	3	June 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Have had this now for a while and am surprised how poor the voice recognition is compared to the first generation Echo we traded in. I had hoped it would be better, but we are constantly having to raise our voice and shout its name to get it to listen to us. I'm not sure what's going on with the microphones in this device, but I question if anything can be done to make this a less frustrating experience.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I used this product to replace my previous generation echo dot. I thought this product would work so much better with better sound quality and voice recognition, but I have to say, it lacks severely in it’s ability to recognize voices. My 3rd Echo Dot could hear me whisper from the other side of the room, but this new Echo just doesn’t seem to hear me. I always find myself having to stop what I’m doing and face the Echo just so she can hear me. The bass is great when the volume is about halfway, but when it’s at max volume, music can sound distorted. Overall, I would not recommend until Amazon can fix the voice recognition issues this new generation of Echo devices has. I have a friend with the new (4th gen) Echo Dot with the same issue. The previous generation of Echo devices was better than these newly designed sphere shaped ones.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	She can't hear.  Plain and Simple.	3	November 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It said it has a subwolfer for bass, but it really doesn't. And, it's not as loud as I'd like and as it was advertised. When I bought it, it was on sale for $29.99, but I was charged, $79.99.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I've had this device for over a year and it was ok in the beginning, it got significantly less tolerable over time.Waking it is inconsistent. Some times it's too sensitive or it'll wake when hearing a vaguely similar word to it's wake word. Other times I have to try multiple times.When it does respond, it often will follow up with utterly the most useless suggestions. All I want is for it to do what I ask and answer only the questions that I ask. Even I've turned off every option I could think of, it'll still occasionally say ""by the way..."" with useless skills suggestions or things I already know how to do.Speaking of useless skills. Over the course of the past year, common commands have been getting less consistent. It mixed up off vs on half the time now. Sometime it'll say ""hmm I'm not sure"" to a command but then work perfectly trying again right after (the activity logs shows it interpreted the voice command identically)."	1	January 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not the best. Only works sometimes	3	November 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The skill that connects Alexa to my Ring security cameras doesn't work. When I say ""Alexa, show porch on the TV,"" it attempts to connect to the Ring service and then gives up the attempt after about 3 seconds.I spent an entire afternoon and part of the evening with Amazon support. They were not able to resolve the problem. They said that they would escalate. I have not heard back from Amazon. It has been at least 3 weeks."	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This will be my third and final review for the Echo 4th gen. I initially have a poor review due to microphone problems. I had to repeat the wake word over and over to get it to respond. I was contacted by Amazon customer service and they said they could fix the problem. The walked me through do a hard reset and I thought this fixed it. So I changed my review. But after a couple days of using it I realized it was still having problems hear and understanding me. But a gave it a acouple weeks hoping it might get better. This was the third Alexa device I have owned and I haven't experienced any of the problems with those devices as I have with this. Having to say the wake work over and over and when it did hear me, It would say things that had nothing to do with what I had said. I would check the voice history and it was obvious the problem was it was not hearing me correctly. I am so disappointed as am a big fan of my other Alexa devices. The bottom line is, the engineers dropped the ball when it came to the microphones on this model. Trust me it's a waste of money. Don't risk it. Nothing but disappointment with this one.	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	There is clearly an issue with the 4th generation Echo. Alexa stops listening to voice commands after a few hours of use; brand new out of the box I can whisper from across our living room and she hears me. A few hours later I have to repeat myself at least once at full volume standing within a few feet of the unit before Alexa acknowledges I’ve made a request. This is our second brand new unit with the same behavior.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Traded my Echo 2 for this model with improved speaker and sound quality. It has a very difficult time hearing me speak, have tried it in several locations. It has performed best in a position about 1 foot away from the wall, waist height, mid-span. Barely registered my voice when near an open doorway, on a dresser, near curtains or on table scarf. Requires more precise speech, longer gaps between words.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Biggest dislike is that if you use it as a bluetooth speaker you can no  longer pause media from the media player itself  If you click the pause button,  media will start playing after ten seconds.  If you say alexa stop then it is ok.  The other annoying thing is that Alexa will randomly announce that it is connected to the host name of your PC.	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Picked up 2 Gen 4 Echos on Prime Day to replace a couple of dots.  We have a lot of Alexa devices through the house, mostly Gen 3 Echo and a few Dots.  From a sound perspective, the Gen 4 are as good as the Gen 3, but I don't find them any better.  From a microphone perspective though, the Gen 4 are HORRIBLE!  They do not pick up voices anywhere near as quickly and well as the Gen 3 does.  We started out with the new Gen 4 in our primary locations, but have had to move them to secondary locations (spare rooms, bathroom etc) and put the 3's back where they are used most.I would not recommend these or buy them again.	2	July 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker quality is good but, the music intergaration is horrible you can't play the songs you want only from Spotify or Amazon, I use YouTube music so this product is useless to me, and I hate Spotify playlist	1	October 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Makes a handy alarm. It will not be ignored.The sound is extremely bassy. That would be okay for country or hip-hop, but doesn't work for jazz, new age nor classical.	3	August 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not for people who are not computer literate.	3	November 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The primary purpose I purchased these was to enable a whole house audio solution without the expense of hard wiring.  The functionality is there but the audio quality leaves a lot to be desired.  I have smaller Bluetooth speakers that sound better.  My recommendation, purchase better quality Bluetooth speakers such as the Klipsch Promedia 2.1 and pair with Alexa Echo Input.	3	May 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is great and improved and like the look of theses vs older schos, but the microphones are so much worse than prev generations and I have to raise my voice a lot to get the echo to hear me. It's so bad that I use an old echo dot (gen 2) and pair it to the new echos so it can hear me better.Disappointing (esp as I replaced multiple echos!).	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	we have had an Alexa in our home. then i bought one for our home in AZ. then i bought one for CR. The one in CRhas the wrong time and Alexa said she can't do anything about that. i couldn't get the one here the oldest one to work and i think it is because there is one working in AZ. could that be??	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Bought as a gift for my mother. Got the alexa set up pretty easily - then hit a wall when trying to add the ""smart plugs"". Was advertised as compatible with alexa, and was sold as a package deal with the alexa. What a mess!! It required downloading another (completely separate and unrelated to the Alexa) app, then spent hours trying to activate it but the directions were garbage. Directions list different instructions for different smart plugs - but there is no label on the box or plugs to correlate to any of the names of smart plugs listed in the instructions. I ended up following the instructions for every possible option and guess what?!?... still no activation.  I think it's reprehensible that these plugs were allowed to be sold WITH the Amazon product as part of a package. I can't even return the junk plugs without returning the alexa - and I'm not taking her gift back just because of the jackasses at amazon, so I'm stuck with useless,  incompatible plugs. More garbage for the landfills."	1	January 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The new Alexa is constantly trying to sell me things and will go on and on after a simple yes or no question! The ring of light at the base is constantly on and flashes from time to time even when I have the microphone turned off. This is annoying it makes me think it’s trying to get my attention.	2	January 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"We had the first generation Echo for years and it worked great. Ultimately, after about 4 years, it started malfunctioning (would not always respond, frequently required restarts, connectivity issues, etc.). So we happily got the latest new version, a fourth generation. It has been terrible. The sound quality is decent, the shape is fine but not as good as the original. Those are the best things we have to say about it.It says it cannot access the internet about once or twice daily. It almost constantly just cuts out and stops playing music, iHeartradio, other apps, etc. It very frequently does not ""hear"" us when we say Alexa, gets things wrong, etc. Overall, it's just much, much worse than the first generation that we had. We also have gone through several Echo Dots that are all great, no problems there. This stands out as a really bad device.Amazon's ""customer service"" is also terrible. The only option we've found is a worthless bot that asks a series of questions that inevitably lead to saying to restart the device then to do a factory reset. We've done both multiple times, it doesn't help.I don't know if we'll stick with Echos we may just switch over to Google. Too bad, we were happy with the Echos until this purchase."	1	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	For “with enhanced sound” it’s nothing special.  I understand audiophiles my turn their nose up at play Sonos or Bose system - this is nothing close to even those. They did a nice job and for $75 it’s decent, but to promote it as anything superior or even “enhanced” is misleading.  It’s much heavier and physically larger than I expected.  I wanted this to be great.	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This Echo would not discover any lights (Sengled nor Phillips).  My lights were all connected to my Echo Plus (1st Gen) and it all worked fine.  I wanted to new sound because my husband and I love music.  the 4th Gen sounds great - discovery just didn't happen.  After 6 attempts I plugged 1st Gen back in and everything connected fine.  I'm disappointed, but maybe I'll get the 2nd Gen ""Plus"""	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The white cord is such a poor judgement. It seem to have been an after thought. ""Oops, we forgot the cord but we have a million white ones in storage, let's use those"".  Very, very tacky.Also this particular Alexa needs a remote. I just can't believe that you ask so much for such a poorly constructed/thought of device. In this device only the sound and size was thought of.Go back to the drawing board."	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	annoying that i have to repeat all the time. Also, the software is not as flexible as the small pucks. Not happy with this purchase at the moment.	2	May 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t waste your money…Sound is inferior if you enjoy quality music sound… I do not like the Alexa voice …I just wanna stream music from my phone Streaming services…You always have to keep it plugged in… It doesn’t hold a charge…Difficult to make it stream… Especially from Apple Music…I already have this great Bluetooth wireless speaker… Cost more… but You get what you pay for…My recommendation… Ultimate Ears MEGABOOM 3 Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker … once it’s charged up it holds a charge and you can bring it any place in the house… It’s wireless great sound always working… Waterproof you can take it in the shower with you… If you enjoy quality music buy something like that… If you’d like a toy that you can talk to with a weird voice responding to you… That most of the time doesn’t know what you are saying… Get Alexa… I was given this as a Xmas present… Now I have to figure out what to do with it… It’s inferior to my current Bluetooth speaker in quality…	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound quality! However, Iv been having so much trouble with the voice recognition! The echo dot, 2 rooms away, picks up what I say and not the brand new 4th Gen Echo I’m in the same room as doesn’t. Talked to tech support a few times I lost contact with them once, we’ve updated it manually, unplugged it. I don’t know what else they can do for me.. I want to say mines just defective?	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Sound quality is decent.....When it works. Got this on 01/04. Right from jump I would have to call ""Alexa"" 2 or more times to wake it up. Then it kept losing the wifi. Sent it back for what I thought was a replacement, and am now apparently waiting for it to be repaired. Why do I have to wait for a repair when I was sent a faulty unit to start with? I signed up for Prime to get the music & also another $4 or$5 a month to get unlimited music. Right now, I've paid out all this money and have NOTHING! What happened to ""You return the faulty product, and we will send you a new one right away""? I feel Amazon is ripping me off. I'm paying for services that I'm not able to use because of the faulty junk they sold me..Update 1/28/22: I received a new 1 today. Everything seems to be working fine. So far, I'm very happy with this new Echo."	1	January 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We bought this to replace another Echo device, and I have to say I'm overall a bit disappointed. The sound is nice, and while the look is great the 'footprint' of the device is MUCH larger now. The microphones don't always catch us talking to Alexa, and it's frustrating to have to almost yell sometimes to get her to hear us from as close as 8 feet away.	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	When I say alexa, it doesn’t respond. I have to keep turning it on and off.	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased two of these to replace two older generation echo dots. However, as I've used these echos more and more I've noticed that the microphones are much worse than the echo dots they replaced. I can be two feet away from one of the echos and she won't hear me say 'Alexa' or she won't understand what I'm saying. On the flip side, I can be 5ft-10ft away from the old echo dots I have and she will both hear me say 'Alexa' and also understand the command I gave her.  Now the older dots aren't perfect and will miss hear me from time to time but I expect that with them being the older technology. HOWEVER, it's not acceptable for the newer echo and also the more expensive echo to not be able to function the exact same way. Very Disappointed.	2	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I followed the instructions, but it only works when my cell phone has the app open. It basically acts as a speaker from my phone. Guess I need to be more of a teckky.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition on this Echo is awful. I have to yell at it constantly as it doesn’t hear me and it misunderstands me in many cases. It’s driving me absolutely crazy. I upgraded from a 2nd Gen Echo which didn’t have this issue. I also have an Echo Dot 3rd gen in another room, which understands me and hears me without issue. It’s definitely an issue with the 4th Gen Echo. I already contacted Amazon and they replaced the device and the issue still continues. They are supposedly working on a software update to correct this issue.Other than that, the sound quality of music is great and the device is loud. The round design is different but I like it. Unfortunately, until Amazon fixes the voice recognition issues, I wouldn’t recommend this product.I will update my review if the software update fixes the issue, whenever it comes.	2	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like the sound but I was looking forward to the smart home hub. Sadly, I was unable to pair my ZigBee switches reliably and Alexa was not at all helpful with troubleshooting. Update: after spending two hour chatting with tech support I've concluded that Alexa is the problem and Amazon tech support does not know what do about it. If you're looking for a ZigBee hub, I'd look elsewhere	2	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded from an echo dot second gen for next to the bed. The audio quality is amazing but the voice recognition is honestly worse than my dot. It rarely picks up my voice when in the room playing music on low volume. Have to repeat myself multiple times. The follow up mode also never works correctly. Extremely disappointed for the price.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Please for the love of god buy any other smart device. I have several and I regret each and every dollar I spent on them. Doing something as simple as playing music is impossible. It plays on the wrong speaker, randomly stops, randomly changes song, cannot function.Connecting to your phone to use as a Bluetooth speaker is no better as it has horrendous connection and randomly disconnects entirely even if I leave my phone right next to itOne of them stopped working entirely after a week or two and just spins a blue circle endlessly without any response to voice. Factory reset it multiple times just to do the same thing after an hour.Complete waste of money, barely works, and has horrible connection capability for Wi-Fi or Bluetooth. Complete waste of money	1	April 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have been using Echo devices for a while now and I always have liked how reliable they are when identifying the wake word. This device however, struggles to achieve that same thing. I can be standing next to it, say Alexa, and it will not pick it up. Funny thing, my Echo Plus 2nd gen on another room will respond to my call.I don't know if this is hardware or software related, but it is bugging me.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Most people hear me correctly, Google devices hear me correctly, but Alexa doesn't. Her responses are underwhelming and she integrates poorly when you have multiple echo devices in each room. She forgets context of which ""lights"" I'm talking about, asks for clarification, and later forgets the clarification. Just use a light switch."	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I already had a third Gen echo and I liked it a lot so decided to get a second one and went with the new one. It doesn’t work as good as the old one does. I don’t understand how I’ll be standing right next to the 4th gen one and say echo and it doesn’t hear me but the old one in the next room picks it up instead.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have many 3rd generation Echos, and 10 inch, 8 inch and 5 inch Shows. I do not find the sound quality of the 4G Echo any better than prior generations. In fact, my 10 inch Show seems to sound better.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Pros: Sound is goodCons: Shape is rather clunky looking, not modern like the original Echo / Biggie - No remote! / Speech recognition is like starting over.I have used it for about 1 1/2 weeks, but I have decided to return. I will wait some time & hope Amazon will take another look at this & rethink design/remote options. Back to my 2nd Gen. Newer is not always better. :(	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa Alexa....alex.....Alexa. Terrible voice recognition.  Beware.I am upgrading from an echo dot 3 Gen in my bedroom. First I am worried about the size. But actually it comes in good size. It's just tinny bigger than echo dot 4th gen which is the same size as amazon glow. Sounds good with the price point.But still........the voice recognition. Every night I ask echo to true off my bedroom lights ,  I can't go sleeping anymore	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought these for a home theater and they constantly are having issues. I tried calling customer service multiple times and they weren’t able to help. I give up. Returning my two echos and echo subUpdate- amazon rep called me back and we’re working through issues. Might be due to having a mesh Wi-Fi router and the devices jumping on and off 2.4 and 5. I’ll update this review if we get it figured out. Still wouldn’t recommend this if you’re trying to set up a home theater system.	1	July 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	na	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	… and Echo Dot. Device does not understand, freezes often and needs to be reset a lot. I’ll stick with the smaller Echo Dots.	2	May 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as impressed as I thought I would be with the new version. I have the 2nd gen and feel this is not a sound upgrade from that one.. I paid for the premium and was underwhelmed.. sounds good for the size but not as good or improved as I was hoping for	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I'm at the point where I have an echo of one form of another in every room of my house.  Picked up this new rev to replace a couple dots in places were I wanted better sound quality.  honestly I've had to repeat the activation word and command more times than I've had it work on the first try.  When using it for a drop in to another echo you can barely hear the person in the room with this new echo.  Hopefully there will eventually be a firmware upgrade to fix.  I picked up a blue and black version and both have the problem so it's not a matter of getting a lemon.As for sound output, it's great.  Probably better than last generations echo.  It's  shame I have to scream at the thing to get it to play the music I want...	2	December 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Getting started was great, but because there are minimal instructions with it, I am sure that there is more that Alexa  and the Dot can do for me....There should be a link provided to show what all the product can do and how to get it set up.  I did purchase a smart plug at a great sale price ($.99) but it will not stay connected, so it is virtually useless......	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was hoping for better sound quality specially after going through the reviews. But I find it to be the same as echo 1st Gen.	3	August 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We've had to reset the unit 4 times already due to it being unresponsive. It doesn't pick up voice commands as well as 1st Gen. More issues in 3 weeks than we had in 5 years with the 1st Gen. After replacing the 4th Gen with another unit, we had the same issues (constantly going offline). Relocated the cordless phone and charger that were next to it and now it works fine.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It some ways this product seems to be worse than the 2nd Gen that I traded for it. I feel like the product should be superior in every way, but it isn’t. Certain commands don’t garner the same responses that it once did. Also it does not always pick up my voice and that is slightly upsetting especially when you’re in a quiet room.	3	April 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought four and tried setting them up as a super surround sound system in my bedroom streaming podcasts and music from the personal library on my phone via bluetooth. I envisioned being enveloped in a wall of sound. What I ended up with was only one speaker playing and the other three unable to connect to bluetooth. Setting up one was a piece of cake but syncing four impossible. Have to go back to my two JBL Xtremes which are getting long in the tooth. Pretty disappointed.	1	July 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased this primarily to manage Amazon playlists but you can only ADD to a playlist, you cannot delete.  The easy way to make a playlist is to copy albums onto a new playlist and then delete what you don't want while listening to it, which makes this stupid machine totally worthless for my purpose.  This glaring oversight is so inexcusable I feel like canceling Prime over it!	2	December 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Amazon has really went down hill in both overall service and quality of their Alex products. Their 1st and 2nd gen items were SO good but these 4th gen ones are absolute GARBAGE.Delayed response times, don't recognize you calling them, always randomly blurt out ""Connected to your iPhone"" (like thanks I don't need to be updated of this every hour), and above all else, these things just stop working have to be unplugged to be reset all the time after a couple of months.Absolute trash of a product and I even work for Amazon. They need to do better."	1	June 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor audio quality.	2	July 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to agree with everyone else regarding the poor microphone pick up, this new echo fourth generation never seems to hear me, my old echo could hear me just fine… Not only that, my Echo Dot which is 20 feet away usually picks up my voice before this one does, even if I am sitting right next to it. I also agree that the light ring on the bottom was not a good design choice, you really have to hunt for the light if it’s not on a perfectly flat, rimless surface. As far as music playback, the bass is stronger than the old echo, but it is unbalanced, all I can hear is bass sometimes if I don’t turn up the volume, then it is too loud overall and I worry that it will bother my neighbors.	2	April 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Seems like I have to scream to get alexa to respond.  The older gen's were way more responsive	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great. Good deep bass, nice crisp highs. The voice recognition on this unit seems worse than previous generations and for some reason this one lags horribly and stops playing in the middle of songs for no reason. I would chalk up to wifi, but I do not have this problem with any of the other Echo's throughout my home on the same network.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa seems less quick to respond than my old generation one.	3	October 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Based on the description I expected better sound quality. My Echo Show sounds much better.	3	September 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I thought this new product (replacing the previous generation Alexa) would be better but it still stops playing music randomly for no reason. When I ask her what happened she doesn’t know. When I ask her to play the previous station she will play a station from two times ago or the previous day. Mainly I use this as a music player so this is frustrating to me. The sound is pretty good though.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have the Echo Gen 1. Actually I love it but saw this new product with a trade-in. Received it and WoW, very disappointed in the setup and everything about it. Would not connect to a Bluetooth speaker, I have two brand new Amazon $40.00 smart plugs. Fresh out the box, would not find, connect or anything. Sound quality was poor at best compared to Gen 1. Actually this new device was terrible at cutting in and out on speech. It took me less than sn hour to know this is worthless and sent it back same day. I could not get it to UPS fast enough. Would never recommend!	1	May 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I was so excited to get this. I had plans to turn my house into a smart house. And it really is a cool product. But the voice recognition fails 10% of the time, devices randomly disconnect or reconnect, and all of the add-on skills are like ""Alexa tells jokes"" or ""Morgan Freemon wakes you up!"" I think Amazon has just stopped improving this product. If you want something that plays music on command (sometimes), then go ahead and buy it, otherwise I'd avoid."	2	November 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition on this is horrible. The audio is okay. But it is also supposed to have zigbee to where I could get rid of some of my hubs for other products. Nope doesn’t work at all.	2	March 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is a disappointment, specifically ordered the Charcoal Echo and got a bright, white cord - Come on, really?Other than that not sure why the formfactor change, it takes a lot more space vs prior generations so cannot be placed where our first generation was.Also, not really seeing any significant improvements over gen 1.P.S. I could have reused the original black cord, but they changed the plug!	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	A lot of times she will not understand me at all, and I’m standing right next to her. And no, I don’t have any type of accent or anything	2	April 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Honestly, I don't really think the sound is any better than on the previous versions. Sometimes it's downright muffled, a problem that comes and goes. I actually prefer the sound on my 1st generation Echo, which I now wish I hadn't given away. I also prefer the cylindrical shape of the earlier versions. The round shape with the light that swings from left to light looks like something out of a low budget 1960s science fiction movie.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Twice so far it has stopped working and had to unplug it and plug it back in.  We shouldn’t have to do this with it being new. No problems with the two echo dots yet	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Too big, sound could be clearer, integrated into all my devices. Not sure if I like this.	2	June 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	the item was really easy to set up, worked without any issues for about 1-week. Now when I try to ask for music or even the time, Alexia doesn't respond. I've unplugged and tried to reset, but still not working. I tried to call for tech support, and I get a recording that no one is available to call back later.I'm debating whether to keep trying the tech support or just return for another devise.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is terrible, it was supposed to replace an old cylindrical Alexa that was getting slow due to age but this is far more frustrating as it is brand new. This is our bedroom echo that we use for sleep sounds and alarms, but it defeats the purpose if you're yelling at it in the middle of the night or early morning and not wanting to wake your partner	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Although I read many reviews and did some comparing and contrast. Not exactly what was advertised or “same experience with others. Some how she disconnects from my phone and wifi without being asked. The “max”volume isn’t loud at all. When she do find a wifi network to connect to she still forgot my profile. Should’ve went for the Google.	3	May 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I say it big to lose because it replaced a DOT witch disappeared into the trans can in the kitchen.  It doesn't function differently.  However it does not hear instructions as well as the DOT.  It is too large taking up space that is 8 inches in diameter.  It is too easy to knock off the shelf because it has the unattached base.	2	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon - can you please tell me why a black Echo is shipped with a white power adapter and cord?  And the cord is over a foot shorter than the previous generation Echo's cord.  I just paid another $20 to order a new power adapter for my brand new Echo because the cord isn't long enough to reach the top of my dresser.  Basically wiped out the savings of the Black Friday sale.	3	November 26, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Our family recently took the plunge into the world of ""smart"" devices and selected Alexa. We now have the Echo, Studio, and this one. Alexa is frustrating as...well, an incompetent personal assistant. There is very little, perhaps nothing, that is ""smart"" about Alexa. The integration with house locks is a joke. In fact, the integration with just about anything in our house that has Alexa features is a joke. If I'd known that failures would outnumber successes I probably would have bought these damn nuisances. Thus far Alexa is mainly an extraordinarily expensive kitchen timer and reminder, both of which worked at least as good using my Apple devices. I'm actually still not sold on this device and considering returning it and trying the Apple HomePod. Amazon, you owe your customers a great deal of improvement and a major apology."	2	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought it, not even a month and it stopped working. I contacted Amazon and they helped me by showing me how to reset it, two weeks after it stopped working. I returned	2	April 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update: I ended up returning it. I wish I could have gotten my 2nd gen Echo back. This new one would never respond to my voice, other Echos in the house further away could hear me! Then it would randomly just stop, while other echoes kept going. I grew to hate it. My first really bad experience with Amazon.Overall I love the sound quality. But it has difficulty recognizing my voice. More so than the last generation. Sometimes I have to shout.Also, when I’m playing music, it will just stop playing the music after a while, but the other Echoes will continue to play in other rooms.I called customer support three separate times, and they had me change the Wi-Fi band, doing a complete reset, and other “fixes”, I eventually exchanged it for a different one, but it’s still having the same issues.	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is a decent speaker for the price, especially if you get the additional discount from sending in an old echo product.  However, the sound quality is just average.  It is a great background speaker for the office or other similar use.  It is not the quality of our Denon speaker, but then again, it is less than half the price.	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I own 2 of the generation 4 units of which one does not understand commands, often missing in a big way. I can ask for a light to be turned on and she will play music. I can ask for one of my playlist and I get something she thinks I might like, etc. I seldom have these problems with any of my other echo devices, and I have them all,  6 echos, 8 dots, 2 flex, 2 imputs. I bought the first one the beginning of 2015 when they were first offered, so I know my way around them. I also know how to set up groups and routines, which is why when I call about one not understanding my commands, I don't need to be trained on how to do these things, I need a bad unit replaced.	2	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa used primarily for music selections and travel info.  Right now not happy with current Equipment.  Sound raises and lowers on own during song, transmission	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have several early generation echos. I placed  the 4th generation in my living room.  My older models that are located in other rooms are consistently responding to to my requests. I had an older model in the same location and had no issues before.  I got frustrated and put my old echo back in that spot and paired this with another new one in my bedroom as a stereo pair.	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Our Alexa was purchased to be used at an event center, using the center's speaker system.  I should be able to plug my aux cord in to the Alexa and it should work fine - AND DOESN'T.  No explanation and the person I talked to had no explanation which leaves us with no solution.  Very frustrating!	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Alexa is amazing, but it is not worth the extra 60 bucks for the premium sound. Also, this edition has a much harder time understanding what i am trying to say compared to the regular echo dot (the puck looking one)Sounds pop and crackle like i am listening music using a tin can.Even Alexas voice have some drone to it compared to the small echo dots.I am not sure if mine is broken or if it just how it is.however it does not ""sound"" broken, it just sounds awful.If you have ever listened to music using decent speakers/headphones, you will not like how these speakers sound.Do not buy this product if you are expecting a good music listening experience."	2	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s OK not quite as useful as I thought it might be and being that my home has an open concept one of the other answers not both that I have I tried to group them together but just kind of a pain in the butt	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"If I unplug Alexa it messes it up and I need my cell to get it off of setup mode. Pain in the you know what. I want to purchase two more but if this is how they are I might as well not. I had the original on that was about 11"" tall and never had this problem. Moved it all over the house no issues."	2	December 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have the first generation echo and it actually sounds better than this one. On bassy songs the speakers rattle and the bass isn't even turned up all of the way. Almost like the speakers have been blown. Not impressed at all and this was a Christmas present. Now I have to ask the purchaser to return it. What a hassle	2	December 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	was given this as a christmas gift...no idea what its supposed to do other than drain electricity	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This really the worst echo I've ever had. I constantly need to plug it in/out in order to reset it. The volume isn't that great. I have to repeat myself multiple times. My other echos don't have this problem so it's really frustrating.	2	March 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I really enjoy the upgraded sound when listening to music but it doesn't seem to hear my voice as well as older generation ones. I have to really yell Alexa even with the volume low	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new Echo does not hear as well as my first gen did.  I have to yell to get a response. Typically my other echo devices in other rooms hear me first.	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	After just 2 months of having this echo it stopped working. It won’t recognize our voices and responds incorrectly. I’ll tell it to stop a timer it will say it can’t find what I’m looking for and keep the timer going. We usually have to just unplug it. Very disappointed.UPDATE- within a half an hour of submitting this review a very nice lady from Amazon called me to get more details. They sent me information on how to potentially fix this issue - I will update again after I do that! Great customer service!	2	October 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don’t really use it. I mean it’s ok to check the weather or play some music but other than that I don’t really have use for it. Kind of a waste of money. I have my whole house setup with the hue lights but u have to be very clear on each room and stuff when using Alexa to assist you so I just still use my phone.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Love the look of it and overall I am glad I purchased it. I feel that I have to yell to get it to respond though. My other Echo 1st generation was much more responsive. The sound is great. But my big question is WHY DOES A BLACK SLEEK ROUND ECHO HAVE A WHITE POWER CORD? It definitely stands out.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I actually like the sound of the Echo Dot better than the Echo.And why a white cord with a black Echo?	2	May 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the first echo I’m not impressed with. I played music and it sounded muffled and not nearly crisp out loud enough. So, I set it up in my bedroom. I see it as my alarm and thankfully, didn’t sleep well that night. I was awake when I first heard my living room echo then realized the one right beside my bed was barely audible. I tried to adjust the volume both on the device and through the app and it’s just too quiet so I’m returning it.	2	October 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have and Echo Dot 2nd gen. I bought this thinking it would have a lot more features and I could integrate it with some of my home theater smart devices. So far it has not overly impressed me and I am unsure if it's worth the money to upgrade from my Dot.	2	January 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Well, this speaker does sound better than previous Echo's.  This is my first review of an echo and I have many.  However 2 weeks ago, this echo stopped working and will not reconnect.  I just get a spinning blue light at the bottom.  Tried to troubleshoot for the past 2 weeks.  I have 8 other echo's and 2 dots that all work fine.  Prob. won't buy another one in the future.	2	November 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My 1st generation echo that I absolutely loved. I also have two 2 2nd gen echo dots all 3 have excellent sound with great bass, flow and don’t have turn it up really loud to actually hear it. But my 1st gen bit the dust so decided to treat myself as I am huge music lover to buy the bundle of 2 4th gen echoes with the premium sound Alexa home set up and the Alexa sub. I just got them last night. The set up was easy,  BUT IMMEDIATELY I could tell A MASSIVE DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY OF THE SOUND. It completely one dimensional. I even went into the Alexa app to each device and adjusted the sound it made very little difference AT ALL! The older ones were SO RICH AND FULL WITH BEAUTIFUL BASS. And I will have to make my review on the sub,  or maybe I got a bad one. Not pressed at all!!	1	January 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Works like any Echo but voice recognition (in other words actually hearing or understanding what you say) is seriously lacking. I've had this now for several months and I cannot say it's performance has improved at all. I have a couple of older echoes that work just fine but the new generation is just awful. If I could send back these two new ones and by the older model I would in a heartbeat but it's too late to return now. Amazon has missed all the bases on this one. It is frustrating to use and irritating overall. My recommendation would be to avoid this product at all costs unless or until improvements are made.	2	August 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Gen 4 does not appear to be worth the upgrade.  I have been using this V4 echo for a month.  Sound has more base, but quality was better in the previous version, to me (subjective, of course).  The worst part is that it takes 2 times (at least) before Alexa wakes up/recognizes the wake up word.  All in all, this upgrade is BLAH!  Don't bother.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought 2 Echo (4th gen) speakers for the purpose of setting up Home theater system with my 2 yr old Samsung TV & FireTV 4K stick. Setup involved connecting both Echo's to my home wifi (xfinity) and adding them to Home Theater along with FireTV stick. First issue is the sound is not very loud, even when telling Echo to increase volume to 10. Second issue is the Echo's speakers stop producing sound about 3/4 through movies I've watched so far. I tried to follow troubleshooting documentation: unpair, then pair again. Press & hold setup button on Echo's to re-setup. Checked software & it's all up-to-date. Unplug Echo power & plug back in after a minute, then re-setup devices, pair, add to home theater, etc, etc. Seems to work for a little while and then, 3/4 through the next 2 hour movie; sound stops coming out of Echo speakers!! Very frustrating. I even tried switching wifi connectivity from 5Ghz to 2.4Ghz band & then back again on my wifi connections, thinking maybe there were network issues contributing to problem. No difference. I'm fairly technical, so I could try all these troubleshooting steps, but I need something dead-simple for my less technical family members to use (set it and forget it) and this isn't cutting it. These are going back to Amazon.	1	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition needs some work, often have to repeat commands.Sounds good for the size, though, & be able to just request specific music instead of searching through my cd collection & using the stereo is nice & convenient.	3	June 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I love my echo dot 3 so when I wanted to add another speaker echo device, I thought this one would be as good if not better than my echo dot 3.  However, I constantly have to repeat myself and it often mismanages my devices.  I never have a problem with my echo dot 3.  So disappointing, especially for being more expensive.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought 3 of these, mainly for music. It changes the songs randomly ALL the time.. in the middle of a song. It’s incredibly frustrating!	2	May 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not happy with the power cord. Why would you send a white power cord with a Black Echo device??? I called customer service to ask them why and they said they are doing this for all the new ones. I have all black furniture and now a white cord on all black furniture is going to stick out like a sore thumb. Why would you change this up is crazy! I have black echo dots and they all have black cords now I have a black echo device with white cord it looks totally stupid on my black furniture. I will now have to spend extra money to buy a black cord just so it looks right. I have not even gotten the chance to test the rest of it out yet so the rest of the review will have to wait. I will update the rest later.	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I thought this was to be an upgrade. My dots perform better. I plugged it in, and it it installed itself, and proceeded to wreak havoc on my hue lights. They quit responding. I spent 2 hours getting them to work again. I had to rename some groups to get them working. I was not that impressed with the sound. My old echo sounded just as good. The worst thing was its responses. Many times I had to scream at it to get it to hear me. I would ask it to turn on a light and echo's in other rooms  would respond. I was in the same room with it and it couldn't hear me. Did not care for the ring on the bottom. The inside temp was a nice touch but not enough of a benefit to keep it. Sending it back today.	2	November 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	First dislike.  Price dropped 30% before billing & before shipping on exact item.  Was still charged original price.I could have returned and reordered at lower price, but decided to let it go because it was a gift.  I tried appealing to customer service, with no luck.  Second dislike, Alexa's speaking voice is muffled, fuzzy sounding with too much bass.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"After 5+ months it doesn't work as well as my older model, which I'm glad I didn't trade in. The round shape makes it harder to fit in small spaces.  Not easy to set up. The ""quick start guide"" had little information. It mostly refers you to the Alexa app. The app's help instructions didn't match. Extremely frustrating."	2	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just ok sound. Better than the dot, but nothing close to a HomePod. Wish I could integrate my echo speakers with my HomePod speakers... Someone needs to develop an integration solution	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Everything is pretty great on this thing EXCEPT it keeps having connection issues. Oh….and sometimes Miss AlexAAAA got toooo muchhh to sayyy! Haha. Buy it yall you’ll like it.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It seems that the microphones capability is inversely proportional to the improvements of the speakers/output.	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition is helpful but there are definitely privacy concerns to be considerate of.  The sound quality is good but there are other speakers on the market with comparable or better sound at about the same price.  While I'm generally pleased with the speakers, I don't appreciate having to be concerned about everything I say when I'm around it.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The sound is great for the size of it. However, this big round ball is difficult to put somewhere. If you don't want it sitting on a shelf, you're pretty much stuck with mounting it on the wall. It sticks out about 10"" from the wall. We're not super happy with it, but our old Echo died."	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I've owned Echos of every generation, and this one may be my least favorite.  It often doesn't hear the wake word, and when it does it gets things wrong.  Very often.  Sort of defeats the purpose of voice ""control.""  The sound is also a disappointment.  My previous generation Echo has a clearer, more defined sound.  The 4th generation Echo seems oriented toward unsophisticated listeners who equate more bass with higher quality.  Maybe some of this will be improved with software updates, but software updates can't add more, or better, microphones.EDIT - I'm about ready to give up.  Microphones must be awful  They either don't hear me at all, and my Echo two rooms away responds, or they hear things that only faintly resemble what I've said.EDIT 2 - just initiated a return."	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I've had Amazon devices for a while, and had been happy enough with them that over time I've ordered three.  Lately however, the Amazon devices are constantly pushing additional things.  After asking a question you'll way too frequently get a follow-up ""by the way, you can...."".  Then it will push new features or remind you of things you can order.  It does this so frequently now that I even hesitate to ask it questions because I don't want to listen to Alexa drone on after the quick answer.  And it's impossible to disable this feature completely.Given a chance to do it again, I absolutely wouldn't buy an Alexa device."	2	August 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	All is good for about 2 weeks then the echo seems to lose some attention span and the sound quality takes a dive.  Mine sounded like the premium speakers were crackling and  above Sound Level 5 the distortions and crackle were enuff for me to ask about a refund or replacement.As good as Amazon is and their reputation has proven, I was sent another Echo immediately.  Rec’d and installed.  She integrates great and was up and running in less than 4 min. Much as I hate to say ... the new one sounded worse.I want to ask for the refund but over the the years with Alexa I just can’t go w/out her. Lol. That being  said I’ll prolly order the Echo Studio and keep both.	2	April 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This little device has a very rich full sound was very impressed with the sound quality. Used it in my master bedroom mostly for music.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"So I bought the latest Echo to replace my first gen Dot.I saw this cool contemporary black/charcoal round shape and wanted one.I received it today and was HUGELY disappointed that the power cord and Transformer is ""WHITE""!!!Seriously AMAZON? You cant package a ""BLACK"" cable with the ""BLACK"" Echo???"	3	April 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I don't quite get what's an advantage of having Alexa.  It's ok but many times I ask to to play something (a song or a show) and it directs me to some Amazon play for pay option.  So I just go to Google or a certain website and listen to it for free.	2	January 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No me agradó porque no tiene reloj. Pará el tamaño que tiene debería venir con reloj	1	November 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My smaller echos sound better	3	October 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Little to no improvement with sound quality over previous generation. The issue I am finding is the Alexa does not respond very well, almost like the microphone is not as sensitive.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We have owned this unit a little over 2 years and it has developed a static or short in the speakers if it is played continuously for approximately 30 minutes. Has to be stopped and restarted.	2	March 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This device is great for many mundane things Iike shopping lists and controlling lights. Questionable as a music streaming device as it will frequently drop connection with streaming service (even Amazon Music), even while wi-fi connection remains in place. Good but not ready for prime time yet.	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Si vas a usar Spotify ni lo compres, siempre tiene problemas como por ejemplo: no reconoce los comandos que le das, pone cualquier grupo menos el que pediste, y siempre te manda a radio, no a lista de reproducción del grupo que pediste. Mi echo dot funciona mil veces mejor.	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I I had a choice between this 4th gen Echo and my 1st gen echo on my first floor, I would hands down go for the 1st gen! Save some money and buy a refurbished 1st gen. Heck, even my echo dot worked better then this one as far as voice recognition and picking up my voice.	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Decided to upgrade from dot to echo (4th Gen). All setup worked well. Bass sound is much better. The white cord on a black device is a big negative for me. Looks like I bought used parts and stuck them together. I almost sent it back. Still might.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s awesome when it works. Alexa understands us about 75% of the time.Sound quality is good for a speaker that sits on the counter.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa’s voice was largely unintelligible - booming bass and no treble. She sounded like she was talking from the bottom of a well, through a thick COVID mask.  The problem was not low volume.  Yes, I had my hearing aids on and I don’t have problems understanding TV.  There is no way to change the tone.  Music was obscure as well.She understood my voice well. I enjoyed the functionality when I could “catch her drift.”I spent several hours, without success, trying to get her to print to my WiFi HP laser jet printer. She found the printer and sent stuff to it, but nothing ever printed.I returned it after about a week. If Amazon ever fixes the voice clarity issue, I’ll order another Echo and keep it, even without the printing function working.	2	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I think the 3rd generation is better.  I have every generation of it and this 4th  is not as good as the 3rd.  The 4th has a more hollow sound, the sound is more to the front than all around and it is so big and round that it takes up more room.  I miss the blue light on the top as well.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I can stand within 3 feet and it does not hear me. The devices in other rooms 30 feet away hear me. Wish I could return to version that has lesser sound due to the frustrations with the microphone.	2	March 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Incredible....Amazon orders from its manufacturers a unit [ it appears to be mostly from China with assembly (?) in Thailand] and delivers a WHITE power cord for a BLACK unit.= = =Amazon = thinking ain't us.	2	March 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought a black one and it came with a white cord. Not cool! It sits on a shelf of a mahogany book shelf and that cord is just plain UGLY! Haven't really had a chance to really check out features of this thing but I'll write more when I do. Can a black cable be purchased for this nasty looking thing?	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Do not buy these speakers expecting them to be like a good sound bar. Sound quality is Mediocre at best. They constantly cause an issue with my fire TV from the close captioning to coming on by itself sound level not being there and every time somebody says Alexa on the TV the speakers turn on so sorry about these I threw them in the trash	2	December 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We picked up a 4th Gen Echo for our kitchen, and moved our existing 3rd Gen Echo to another room.  The sound quality improved, as has the volume.  We find the profile more attractive.But, as noted in other reviews, it seems less sensitive to verbal commands, so we need to talk louder, even if it is playing at relatively low volume.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded to this Echo after having the original model from 2014.Alexa barely hears me now and when she does hear me it’s always wrong (“Alexa, remind me to preshape my dough” becomes “I’m reminding you to poopy shake your death” or “I’m reminding you to preciate your dove”).The music quality is really rich and delightful.The light being on the bottom of the device is not an upgrade. I can never see the device light unless I’m basically right next to the device. If they updated the light in the next iteration I would definitely trade this one in for it.Last but not least - Alexa is always reminding me at the most inopportune times about things she can do, but she can’t master the basics (timers, reminders, weather). I wish I could turn these alerts off.	2	November 6, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"like the easy hook up to Wi-Fi and device are fast. sound is good too. but i have to talk loud for Alexa to hear me and if the music is going I have to YELL ""Alexa"" for it to hear me, very bad. the other ones in my bedroom down the hall can hear me before the NEW one can 10ft from me."	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The spherical shape takes up a lot of space; the buttons are hard to see and moving the lights to the bottom makes it hard to tell when it has heard me.Sound quality is worse than the Gen 3. The Gen 4 not only has a hard time hearing me, but because the input mic seems to be worse than the Gen 3, this new Gen 4 seems to have a harder time understanding me. Result is that almost every verbal request to the Gen 4 results in the Gen 4 answering the wrong question or taking the wrong action. I won't purchase another one, which means I need to find an alternate solution to replace my other 5 Echos as they age out. This 4th gen object is a step backwards and I'm extremely surprised to see that the Amazon product team only spoke to 100 customers as they redesigned this piece of garbage.Update. September 2022.Having no options for alternatives, kept trying to use it. Asked 3 times for it to play the News. It kept thinking I was requesting a Mix playlist. Threw it in the trash.	1	July 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Same as most reviews. Has issues understanding me sometimes. One thing I like, though is that it speaks German (I am a native of that country). On the other hand I never tried it with my dot I had before, so who knows.	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not pick up my voice very well at all. My free google home mini hears me better. It also Does not let me control the volume from my Home Screen. I have to go into the app. Makes no sense. Also I can’t ask for it to play a specific playlist of my own. Like the google home mini can.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It works and sounds ok but I expected better sound. I have a Oontz Ultra that in my opinion sounds better. This one is kinda muffled .	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Some cheap speakers will sound better than this orb. It's also pretty big and takes up lots of desk space.	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted this to replace a radio in my kitchen. It has good sound and volume. I love the voice command and it's fun to add light to the alexa app.	2	April 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The shape is an improvement, but the sound is far from ""premium."" In fact, in my opinion the sound from my Amazon Tap is much better, particularly in the higher frequencies.  The light in the base is distracting and should be able to be turned off."	3	May 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I love Alexa. I love my Echos. I have all the versions, all the gens, in almost every room, including bathrooms and the laundry room. But this one is my least favorite. For whatever reason, this one doesn’t activate as easily as the others, and the light ring is harder to see (because it’s on the bottom). The sound quality is good.I still love Alexa and my (other) echos. But I’m editing my review to add that I hate the shape. I thought I’d get used to it. And I know it’s a personal thing, but I find it ugly. And it takes up a lot more room than the previous tower shape.The fabric covering also holds dust. I’m finding this one harder to keep clean than the ones that don’t have a fabric covering.	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Great sound quality over all, but it has some trouble recognizing the wake up word in comparison to other echo devices.I find myself having to repeat ""Alexa"" two or three times before it recognizes and starts listening for a command. I never had this problem with my other echo devices (echo dot gen 3 and gen 4)"	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have the 3rd generation Echo Dot already and wanted to add another echo to my home. I decided on the 4th generation. It will not play my Sirius XM radio, and I wanted it playing throughout my whole house. I will be buying another 3rd gen dot sooner rather than later.	2	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is improved over generation 3.	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Let me first say that I should have returned this echo immediately. That’s on me. That said, I own 5 echo devices and all of them are fantastic except this device. This particular model is absolute trash. ABSOLUTE TRASH! The speakers are atrocious and the voice recognition is pathetic. Just a horrible version of the eco devices. I’m taking it offline today and tossing it in the trash where it belongs. I’m actually serious about that. It’s worthless.	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The low end on this unit is wonderful.  The mids and highs don't quite make the mark.  I could not care less about the form factor.  I find the voice recognition to be the worst of the many echo devices by far.  This is truly frustrating.  To be the best sounding is great....just wish it was not deaf.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The device works fine, I just bought 3 of them in Charcoal.Imagine my surprise when I opened these dark colored orbs only to find a WHITE power cord. Not only that, but the cord is shorter than the previous ones included with the previous versions Gen 1-3.I even contacted customer support to see if they would take care of me, to no avail. I was provided a link to purchase additional black power cords. Which I could gladly purchase with a promise of a full refund once I have received them and then open a new ticket. Will update to 3 stars if that actually all works, but not thrilled about paying to be refunded? Clunky.I honestly feel this is deceiving. If you look VERY closely at the product picture you can barely make out a white cord, if you know that's what youre looking for.The correct solution was to send me black power cords and to correct the ad to accurately reflect the product. So far, 0/2. Let's see if Amazon reads their own reviews and corrects this. If they do that, I'll give it a 4 upgrade.	1	May 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very average speaker quality and poor voice recognition.  I wasn't willing to pay more for a bathroom bluetooth speaker, so it looks like I got what I paid for.  Disappointing sound quality, but functional and is able to do what I need it to do - it does stream a number of internet channels with average sound quality.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you like bass, you may like this echo better than others…however if you listen to jazz, vocalists, or classical like me you may find the bass heavy sound to be a big disappointment.I won’t be buying another of this spherical subwoofers. I’ll stick to the more balanced sound of the previous generation echos. Even the 2 gen 1 devices I own do a better job of faithfully reproducing the type of music that I like to listen to.I realize that others may gravitate toward other types of music that this unit may be better suited for…I’m not saying this unit is bad, it’s just not for me.	2	July 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Setup is getting quicker sounds great still etc but the day after I put it in, something has happened and any hole in the actual plastic has discolored the cloth. I don't see anything that caused it. The rest of the fabric around the openings is still clean. But it's now pretty ugly.	2	January 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s large and basically isJust a large Dot. Integration is somewhat problematic. Seniors may have issues with the unit.	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is much better than 2nd gen echo it replaced . One thing I really really dislike is that the blue circle or recognition light is at the bottom and if you have it sitting on a shelve or mantel like I do and your sitting you can't see it. Much prefer the light near the top like on all other models of the echo.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I cannot believe in this age and with all of Amazon's money their Echo is so lame.  The app is as sorry as the device.  I listen to Symphony Hall often but Alexa does not know that somehow.  When I try to use my Everywhere Group often the sounds are not synced between my 3 Echoes.  Sometimes the app shows at the bottom what I'm listening to in case I want to change the volume and sometimes it does not.  Even though I listen to the same station every morning it is inexplicably almost never at the front the of the ""Recently Played"" spot.  I am very disappointed in the ability of these devices."	1	April 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I dislike the fact that I can't treat the echo like a true bluetooth rechargeable speaker.  It has to be plugged in at all times.	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I returned my echo studio, this echo is half the price with the studio quality. Only complaint is why provide a white power cord on a black speaker.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Seems a little stupid compared to the others in the house.  It’s responses are different and a little off the mark.  I can go into the kitchen and ask the echo show something and then go into the TV room and ask the same question of this device and get an idiotic response..	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is phenomenal.  Having said that, it will not sync with the Echo I already have, and it does not respond to Alexa, Stop!  I can only get it to stop by unplugging it!	2	March 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have gone through the startup protocol many times, spent hours working with the phone/chat support people, even bought a new internet mesh for the house (not that it should have made a difference four feet from the modem). Same result every time: wireless connection dropped. It is infuriating that the Amazon phone/chat help would rather repeat themselves over and over rather than admit I received a defective unit. I took too long messing around with the thlng and passed the return window, which I guess was the point. My advice: if the thing doesn't work right away, just return it asap. Don't waste time and effort trying to get help. And if you think you will need any tech support, buy something else.	1	March 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not interact with my TAP.	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I really was expecting better voice recognition.  I have to say Alexa usually twice to wake her up.	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought a second echo device to use the multi-room music feature in a big room. It worked until about Jan 2022 when Amazon did a software upgrade and now my multi-room music only works for a very small set of songs. After hours of trouble shooting with Amazon technical staff, I was told I needed to pay for amazon music streaming service in order for the multi-room music function to work. I'm retired and do not want additional bills so I wouldn't have bought the second echo if I knew an additional monthly payment was needed.  Amazon opened a trouble ticket several months ago, but I haven't heard anything from them. Very disappointing!!	1	April 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you set the volume on voice you can't hear the music.  Set it with music the voice is to loud.	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound does not seem any better than the echo dot. Mainly bought for the zigbee integration with my phillips hue but have not found out how to use it. It still connecting via Bluetooth. All settings in amazon are lost if power goes out or the physical light switch is used.	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa won’t connect with the other units in an “everywhere” group and the command recognition isn’t very good.  It’s needs to be “reset”/ unplugged frequently to get back on line.  The music sounds great but overall  it is Disappointing.	2	February 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Despite being 7 feet away and clear of objects Alexa has an even worse time recognizing our voices and commands than the last generation model. This is a source of incredible frustration. The audio sounds like it has too much bass to the point voices hard hard to understand for podcasts/audiobooks. Our last generation Alexa stopped working or we would not have kept this	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this to use in my kitchen/living room because the sound quality was supposedly better, but it works only 10% of the time. When it's not skipping songs (sometimes even playing each song in a playlist for 10s each in a roulette), it's not understanding me or flat out ignoring me. I don't have the original packaging anymore, because I just moved into my new apartment and trusted that Amazon's Echo line would work — so I'm screwed because I chose tidiness over clutter. I'm constantly unplugging this device to reboot it, or having to redo the installation process.The bass quality is amazing, but it does NOT play music smoothly or understand me well enough. My mauve echo dot picks up on even a whisper, and it's smaller than this big thing! Why can't this thing hear me as well as it's predecessor when it's more than double the size?	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Excellent integration but lacks the sound quality of similar  priced speakers	3	September 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great, the only issue I have with it so far, the white circular light doesn't go off whenever I use the home guard feature. I have to unplug the device every time to get rid of the light.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"These speakers crackle, and will often drop audio of videos so you have to back out, open another video, then go back to the one you wanted to open. Hours on the phone going round in circles, and this is Amazon's cornerstone product. After hours on the phone with customer service reps who don't know what to do, because. Amazon threw them under the bus. FINALLY, they admitted that it was a problem, and they're ""working on it"". Amazon made a ton of money off covid, so Bezos flew to space while his company ran into the ground. Do NOT waste your money on this junk!"	1	May 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"In under a year, both units have failed. They are both now constantly beeping. We figured out that they are self adjusting the volume from 0% to 60%. Contacted Amazon and the want us to send them in for ""repair or replacement."" Was told the process could take up to ten day after they received them. These aren't even a year old. I shouldn't be sending them out for service not should we have to wait weeks for them to be replaced. You got our money, stand behind your product better.  We put them back in the original box and now no longer use Alexa products."	1	April 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I own most models of the Echos.  I’ve slowly added them to various rooms or bought them as gifts for others. This one has the worst microphone yet. It doesn’t hear the wake word as well and it often repeats things that sound nothing like what I said. I also don’t care for the new look. I’d much rather have the last generation.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	How did this make it through Amazon quality control?  The new generation of Echo devices is terrible in responding to the wake word and even understanding commands compared to previous gens.Many times I have to literally yell the wake up word within a couple feet of the device for it to respond.  It is really frustrating.Half the time, a previous gen Echo Dot located in another room picks up my request even when I am sitting directly in front of these new gen devices.I have both big Echo and Echo Dots of the new gen, and they ALL behave like this.  I also have a number of previous gen Echo and Echo Dots, and NONE of them behave like this.Very frustrating - and very disappointing that Amazon has let this product go out the door in its current state.  I really hope Amazon is able to address via a software update so I don't have to send these things back.btw - sound quality if much improved, but a useless point if the voice recognition continues to be this bad.	1	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"So I ordered a pair of these and the Echo sub thinking it would be the easiest way to add some reasonable sound to my home office.  It basically works as expected, except of the stupid ""Now playing from ..."" that gets announced periodically.  So far I've found no way to turn this off.  I don't Alexa to tell me what it's playing, and I certainly don't need that while I'm in the middle of a conference call or creating a webcast, or any number of other activities.  It's tempting to return the whole pile of stuff and just use a normal receiver with wired speakers and a wired powered sub."	2	June 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Slower than last generation. Looks nice	3	October 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This has way too much bass. Is there no way to attenuate the bass and leave the treble?	3	August 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Has good sound quality but it seems to have a hard time recognizing when you say ‘Alexa’. Sometimes an older Alexa in another room will respond before this one realizes we said it’s name?	2	March 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The quality of the Echo 4th gen is terrible.  I had my original one fail within days of arrival.  The replacement did a little better, it lasted 9 months.  It decided to croak today.  Of course the warranty is only 90 days.  I'm not impressed.As for the device itself, I see no improvement over our original 1st gen Echo.  I prefer the original as I can see that it's heard me as the blue ring is at the top of the device, not at the bottom.  I can't tell if Alexa has heard me if there is anything on the table between me and it, it was clear on the original.  Even my Echo Dot has a clearly viewable ring. I see no difference in functions from our original Echo either.  Turns out there really wasn't a reason to ""upgrade"".I took our 1st gen device from the family room and brought it back upstairs.  It works,  the 4th gen one does not."	1	September 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa seems to be hard of hearing these days. Also doesn't always do what she is told to do. I have also had problems with my lights being turned on during the night when I am asleep, and I mean every light I have hooked up to her, three different brands of bulbs.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Echo+ and echo dot 3rd gen user here.The mic in this thing is really bad, the sound is really great.	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I watched the you tube on how to set everything up. I am technically above the average, have designed systems, written programs, had my own website, built desktops. So, I am capable of going into the Alexa app and checking the settings for every device to make sure my address is correct. I am capable of checking my address on the website. I still get the weather report for a different city in a different state., and all customer service can tell me to do is go in and ""set up"" the address that is already set up. Now with 5G the smart plugs will not work. This is not worth the hassle when I want to just pull my hair out."	1	March 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My Echo 2 had much better sound distribution than this new Echo. I like the bass on it but that is about it. Alexia is not as responsive as well.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	So I thought I was upgrading from my 1st generation, but I was wrong about that.  I like the new shape, but the likes stop there.  I would have too repeat my command all the time with the new 4th generation.  So I will be returning this one and continue to enjoy my 1st generation.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Like the ability to integrate so many things. But the accompanying Alexa app, specifically the ""skills"" is not intuitive or eaasy to ""program""."	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition is not good at all. I have to constantly repeat myself for it to do what i say. I shouldn't have to raise my voice for it to hear me. The Echo Plus (2nd generation) is way more better than this and i'm glad i kept it.	3	March 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased it so sync with my existing echo dot 4th gen and the integration is not great.	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Unfortunately Im not impressed with the new echo.. I had a Echo plus and I loved it. Traded it in on a new one and half the time it doesn't respond, the sound quality is not even half as good as my plus! If i had the chance id get mine back...	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	As others have said in various reviews, the echo mic is terrible in this 4th generation version. I'm literally standing right next to the thing and it doesn't freaking hear anything I say. I thought 4th gen would be better than my 3rd gen echos. I've noticed a big decline in quality over the years, with each year that passes Echo becomes worse, not better, at understanding anything I say. There has been a negative amount of improvement. Normally with most technology, things improve with each generation, bugs are fixed and problems are resolved. This is not the case with Amazon products. They get worse with each generation and if I were not living outside the U.S. I would return it immediately and consider using Siri on my iPhone instead.	1	March 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It does pretty much what the last version did. I don't think the sound is any better, if anything it is not as full.	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Originally thought it was hard to set up.  Received tech support so I'm waiting to see if it continues to work.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Unfortunately my alexa is Not working properly, It doesn't always hear its name, So it doesn't actually respond to you and when it comes to using the word NEXT  it does not seem to know that word anymore, so when you're listening to your Amazon Music, You cannot just say alexa next it will not change the song you will literally have to tell it to change the song. Also when  Setting a timer it acknowledges you but no timer ever goes off. I think the older alexas are better"	1	August 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"UPDATE: 10/27/21: It's even stupider than ever. You ask it to stop playing music, and it ignores you. You ask again, it starts explaining the meaning of the word ""Ratis"". I would trade it in, but Amazon isn't accepting these door jams for trade in, obviously they know HOW BAD THEY ARE!This is our third echo and I was very excited by the new spherical design, it looks so cool and modern! I was immediately impressed by it's initial responsiveness, and the improved sound acoustics were really knocking my socks off!  Until I wanted to skip a song.  ""Alexa""... nothing. ""Alexa!!"" Nothing. I walk right up to Echo ""ALEXAAAA!!!"" She's finally listening, I'm so surprised she's finally listening that I hesitate... ""uh""  ""Um, skip a..."" the music resumes.  ""ALEXA!!!""  and so on and so forth.I had to change the activate word for this device to ""echo"" because you have to say the activate word so LOUDLY that every other echo in the house speaks up first.  After owning this Amazon design fail for about two months now, I am at the point where wish I could have my old 3rd gen back."	1	March 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Well I had hoped for more by purchasing the premium sound version.  Sound is only slightly better than the original I have. Kind of depressing to me. And it is not very sensitive to voice commands. I find myself yelling at it. I almost gave it one star.Note. Amazon called and wanted to discuss my review. I missed the call being at an appointment. They said please follow-up with an email and someone will get back to me. So I did thst evening.  Never heard back from them. Really poor service in my opinion.  Crappy product and poor service. Exactly what I hate most.	2	July 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nobody in the family could get this stupid thing to recognize commands. We stuck with it for a week but it didn't get any better. We plugged back in our old Alexa and this one is now gathering dust. It sounded slightly better, but not worth the lousy listening skills/microphone that comes with this unit.	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I would have liked to post a review of the actual product but for the life of me, I cannot understand why Amazon forces you to own a smart phone for the app. Not everyone owns a smart phone (and I realize we are in the minority) but how hard could it be to make an app that runs on a computer? I'm right on the edge of cramming this thing back into the box and returning it.	1	July 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have many throughout our home and went to order another and this was our only choice now. Ordered charcoal and it came with a WHITE cord. 😳 sounds frivolous but it’s awfully tacky looking. Placing this one upstairs in the movie room so hopefully can hide the ugly cord.	3	April 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I upgraded from the 3rd gen dot to the 4th gen echo. It does not pick up the command word nearly as well as the old ones. There is also a delay between when I say ""echo"" and when it starts listening so I have to pause before I can continue the command."	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	“Premium sound”…?I can’t tell a difference from the 4th generation echo and the 3rd.. or in fact, the 3rd may sound better overall.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I waited to buy the new version only to realize this one is directional, meaning you don’t have the 360 degree sound and responsiveness of previous models. Now I wish I had bought two of the previous generation. Sent it back and waiting to see if this is corrected in the next generation before I replace my very old Gen 1 Echo.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Like most my Amazon products they have to be reconnected to my wifi every so often.  Google home I didn’t have it elevate my voice for it to respond to me like this Echo.  Sound is noticeably better than Google home.  It does operate my Wyze products like I want it to so it is better than my google home.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	We have multiple 3rd gen echo and decided to try the 4th for the added sound.  We are very disappointed in the sound quality; while it does support more bass, the rest of the sound suffers.  The 4th Gen Alexa sounds muffled like in a trash can and often does not respond to commands or recognize voice.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"It may be a small complaint but why would Amazon pair my beautiful new ""black"" echo device with a white cord and power supply? I can be somewhat simple at times but this makes no sense to me. There must have been a cost savings in there for them somewhere."	3	March 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Getting right to the point, I don't understand why some think this device sounds good. I bought this apparent quality device and a 4th Gen echo dot. Not sure why now. They do not look good and they do not sound good. My old 1st gen devices sounded better, but unfortunately I traded them for a downgrade.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not support stereo sound when paired with another same model if streaming directly to device. You MUST use the Alexa or Amazon music app. This is a huge show stopper for me, and the main reason why I bought a second one. Amazon needs to put up a disclaimer before others buy it for the same reason.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Initial take in the audio was it is really distorted when the bass is turned up. Also, more problematic, is it seem to have a hard time picking up my voice compared to previous generations. The alexa voice pickup worked well initially, but then stopped altogether after just a few minutes. I had to unplug and restart the Echo to get it to work again.	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not sound any better than the Echo it's replacing. Two things I really do not like 1: The white power lead with the black Echo (looks cheap) and 2: The LED lights are useless at the bottom, can not see them from most positions unless the room is dark! Hard to know if Alexa is listening when it should not be!	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Yes, the functionality of the new 4th generation Echo is great.  I am NOT a fan of the new round design. I feel like I have a bowling ball on my desk.  I much more preferred the tall thin design of my previous 2nd generation Echo.	3	April 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great, but the size of the ball is huge! My other Echo Dot was the perfect size. I left it at a cabin and it wasn’t found???? I loved the other one. I have bought 6 of them and given 3 away as gifts. Everyone has loved them. I use one in my classroom, also.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have to talk louder to get Echo to respond to wake word.  Voice recognition is not as accurate on a % basis.  I am glad I did not trade in my 3rd generation Echo.  Also a white power cord?	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I got this 4th gen echo ball and the echo show 8 at the same time.  The ball seems buggy. I'm still thinking of returning it.  It seems to have connectivity issues especially on the 2.4ghz. The echo show works great.  When they do play in ""everywhere"" mode it's great. The kids love it."	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Make your wakeword Echo. Just seems better when you have to repeat it many times to get a response	1	October 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Why you ask?  I like having the lights on the top where they are easy to see the notification indication as well as if Alexa is really listening.  This Echo is not as responsive and I find I have to repeat commands several times to get the needed result - this is happening often enough that I've gone to my Google device for my home automation commands.Update:  I fixed the volume problem - don't know how, but it was after several factory resets and setting the device to default settings.I wish I had stayed with my original cylinder Echo.  I've reset, followed the directions for setting the volume, and manually reset the volume on the app and on the device and I'm tired of being shouted at by the 4th gen Echo.  It starts out ok, but then with a follow-on command or question the volume doubles to an uncomfortable level.  Not worth the fun of the new voice.	1	November 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound does not sound premium, in fact it was hard to listen to, but I need it for the bridge? (Do I?) so I’m keeping it?	2	April 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was hoping that the new device by Echo with SMART HOME will support the smart devices THEY DO NOT!!!!!Most of the devices (Even the ones listed on the app provided by Amazon) require an additional Switch/Repeater or Hub and if that is the case WHY DO I NEED ANOTHER ECHO DEVICE WHEN I ALREADY HAVE MULTIPLE ONES AT HOMEIt may be a nice device and new generation but when it comes to Smart Home control FORGET ITThe device fails big timeEven the support team in the Echo group is not able to clearly communicate as they seem to know less than me regarding Smart homeI suggest1. Get your support people better educated2. Fix your device so it supports most of the smart home devices WITHOUT THE NEED ON ANOTHER HUB	2	November 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought 4 of these and they all stop music abruptly and make a “clicking” noise. Nothing has fixed this but my older gens work great as long as the 4th gens are not online.Fix this or refund my money!*Update* - I was contacted a couple of hours after I posted this review.  He was really wanting to help and we walked through the troubleshooting steps that I had performed and some he suggested.  None of them worked.  I called back, was given a different rep and a case was opened.  I was told I would hear back within 3 days but that was 13 days ago and no response to my emails.  The issue is still not resolved and I have done everything from rebooting to reconfiguring my entire network.  The biggest issue is the music just stops, but that is compounded by the fact that the ""whole house music"" is very broken.  I had none of these issues with the previous gen and they worked perfectly.I guess it is time to return these and start looking into a new way to get whole home music since it is obvious they took several steps back with gen 4."	1	December 4, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I miss my old Alexa. It was so easy to use and it responded well. I loved streaming my music. This new style is giving me trouble. When given a direction it starts out and  immediately the volume Fades out and the ring turns White. I keep resetting, and linking it to different Wi-Fi connections. Still nothing. Its very inconsistent with responding. I may have to just invest in a Google Nest Audio. This Echo 4th Gen. Is too much trouble. I even tried using it with the ph. App. It still fades out or doesn't respond at all. I am unable to stream music. Its too complicated. It now sits in my closet unused.	2	May 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mi opinión se basa comparando el echo de 4ta generación, con otro que tengo de 3ra generación.1. Sonido: no me saco el “guau”, no hay mucha diferencia.2. Reconocimiento de voz, es PÉSIMO. No se compara con el anterior.Consejo: si tiene uno de 3ra generación, no vale la pena el cambio.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This echo is spotty. It shuts off and gets staticky so I barely end up using it. Works very poorly.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	What good is Alexa if the microphone is iffy? Very frustrating. I have two of original Echo's - the tall cylindrical ones either 1st or 2nd generation - and so was excited to try this new Echo but what a huge disappointment. The new Echo would not even respond despite my repeated request to set a timer. What really took the cake was when the old  Alexa which was rooms away in the living room  actually responded and set the timer.  I then put both of my Echoes side by side and one in the same spot on a higher shelf and no matter what configuration the old Echo consistently did better particularly if you are not right in front of it. I bought the new echo to place in the corner of my kitchen when cooking to play music and when setting timers but that will not work unless I am right in front of it.I've already thrown out the box plus I don't think they sell the old ones anymore but I would 100% return this and buy the original ones. The 4th generation has less microphones and only front firing speakers. Faux upgrade.	1	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This Echo is the absolute worst piece of ""smart"" hardware I've purchased, even compared to the basic Dot. This ""premium"" version does not understand voices or perform the correct actions, ignores commands, blares static at high volume randomly, drops out Spotify while the paired subwoofer remains functioning briefly, and will occasionally just simply stop working entirely regardless of buttons pushed, voice commands, or phone app use. Amazon has been very resistant to a replacement and their scripted customer support is absolutely awful. I've given up with this device and getting a working replacement this point. I'm going to have to transfer my entire system to a new platform because clearly Amazon doesn't stand behind their own product and technology."	1	March 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love the surround sound but it takes a little time  to get the sound I am looking for.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	For some reason the Echo disabled with my neighbor's garage doors and he spent a couple days trying to figure out what was going on before calling me and asking if I had recently hooked up any new devices. Once I unplugged the Echo his doors started working.	2	January 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not like the shape I place the battery on it and you cannot carry it around easily	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This applies to the fourth-generation Echo that I have just used for the last week.Really awful microphone pickup, must repeat yourself several times, when picked up – often incorrect recognition.When volume set at three Or below, voice quality is muffled.On the positive side, music plays very well.Some background information: I am disabled, and require hands-free tools. I have a first generation and a second-generation Echo, they have been superb. I also have first, second, and third generation Dots. I picked up an additional third-generation Dot to replace this fourth-generation Echo. I am so glad that I did that. Everything is working well again by getting rid of this fourth-generation Echo. The difference is night and day. The third-generation Dot just works exactly as you would want. Very little repeating myself, and it actually works MUCH faster when interfacing with my Caavo device for controlling the TV. Much faster than either of the Echo' s that I have used in the past. Of course, I've lost the great sound quality for music that the echo provides, but the voice control of devices was much more important for me.	1	May 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is horrible. I also have a Siri Home pod and Google’s smart speaker, hub and nest. Alexa is easily the worst sound of the all. It sounds like Alexa is underwater. Also the Amazon notifications are relentless and overkill. Would recommend Google products out of these 3 for music sound and link to XMRadio or Spotify.	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this so I would not have to send audio to another device to listen to music. For the price I was expecting much more. There is almost no difference from the previous version of the echo dot! This thing is three times the size and costs over four times as much and the sound quality and volume are terrible. You can buy a bluetooth speaker with much better sound for under $20. You can send audio from an echo dot to it to get much more bass and volume with giant gains in fedelity compared to this thing. It also has a very short ugly white cord that makes it nearly impossible to hide or set up somewhere convenient. I tried to put it on an end table but the outlet is just behind the arm of the couch. I have to put the echo on the very edge of the coffee table twards the wall. The cord barely reaches and is highly visible. It looks about 3feet long. I have never had problems with voice recognition. I have always had problems with Amazon tech and customer support. Amazon has the worst customer support but thankfully decent return policies. This one is going back, definitely not worth the money.	1	December 4, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not always here what you want it to	2	June 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's a pretty good speaker for the kitchen while doing dishes or cooking but the device disconnects itself from the wifi two to three times per day. States the internet is not available right now. But every other wifi enabled device such as my xbox, tv, and phone have no issues.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	After about a year, this device has started making crackling noises. It appears to be unusable. Very disappointed.	2	April 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	You would think that after all this time the 4th gen would really be something over a 1st gen. The audio is better, for sure, if you like to use these for music. The voice control sensitivity is slightly better than the original, like I said no quantum leap over the original. I expected more.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The Alexia I have now is not as smart as my previous one. It can't even answer simple questions. Also I mostly have Alexia for music listening. I can't even listen to music for a month because of the program I'm on with Amazon for $4.99 a month .	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have had your products since the 1st generation and thought that this was going to be better.  You have to scream at this thing for the hear you versus even my 1st generation echo. I barely had to raise my voice.  Beginning to wish I hadn't purchased this.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This doesn't seem to hear as well as the first generation one and I don't see any reall difference in sound quality.  As I have this in our kitchen, I also preferred the old one in that you could wipe it down to clean it...the new one is cloth and can't be cleaned.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I traded my old Echo in on the discounted price of a newer Echo. I wish I hadn’t. I can be standing right here in my bedroom, right next to it and it will not answer. But the Dot in my kitchen will. Voice Recognition on the new Echo is horrible.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Had a 1st gen echo in bedroom on same dresser approx. 7ft from bed. Replaced w this echo device and I have to project my voice much more or sometimes almost yell now to get responses to commands.  Microphones are perhaps not as good in this new model?	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I love Alexa, but tonight she started sizzling and crackling and that was it. No more lights, no more voice recognition, she's dead. It should've lasted longer than this!	2	March 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had an echo dot 2nd generation adn figured I'd upgrade for better sound. It doens't pick up my voice as much and I constantly repeat myself. The front facing speaker sounds good in one direction but when you're off center it sounds bad. I might return this for a gen 3.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I upgraded to this new Echo for the better sound quality, but unfortunately this Alexa won't really do anything. You give her commands, nothing. You ask her a question, silence. Sometimes if you're lucky you will get a response that takes at least a minute. Right now the only thing I can use it for is to play music but I have to go into my Spotify account and hope it will ""Recognize"" this new Echo - it's rare. When it works, the sound is definitely better. But I'm very disappointed!"	2	September 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker on this product is very good, voice recognition was so so but stopped working altogether after 2 weeks, had to return it.you have to purchase other subscriptions and items to get full use of echo. Would not sync with my 2 year old smart TV. Just a very expensive toy !	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Will probably return/ exchange. This unit is in french and no matter what we tried to do - nothing works. Would be nice if the sellers contacted me to help  figure it out...Very frustrating.  unit itself and quality of the sound are excellent, but I need it to be in English.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Power block broke quickly. One of the prongs just fell off.  Easy to replace for $15. But should have fell off and need replacement.	1	October 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My first Echo and I’m not that impressed. Wouldn’t say it has Premium Sound but sound is better than Echo Dot. Voice recognition not great either. Responds better to male voice.	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Everything is as expected but the sound is awful. It sounds like the echo is in a box. Everything is muffled. I'm hoping it's just a defective model because the 4th Gen dot sounds great.I ordered another one so I'll update the review if the new one is better.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased the 4th Generation Echo because I had a lag in response with my smart home items on the other end of my house.  So, I purchased this Echo with a hub built-in.  The dang thing has to be the worst Alexa device I own.  It plays music just fine... When it's given the command to play music everywhere.  However, it's in my Office group and before I purchased this I would walk into my office and say Alexa turn on the office, and the lights would come on.  Now, I do the same command and receive Alexa doesn't support that and it turns off.  I have to say, ""Alexa, turn on the lights"" and the office lights come on and random other lights come on too, not in the group at all. Lights on the other side of the house come on or turn off... my wife hates that!What is the fix? Or do I play baseball with it?  This thing is driving me crazy.  My next step is to turn everything off and starting from scratch (names, groups, and hub connections).  My wife will really appreciate Amazon smart home items after that...NOT!"	1	January 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	El cable es blanco y el echo es negro . No es compatible con generaciones anteriores para escucharse en estereo. El sonido es bueno	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	From the cylinder to the ball, didn`t work. Wish I hadn`t waited thirty days or I would return it. Everything else is a positive, but when you talk to her quite a bit a she and does not even hear you from about 3 feet away, does not work.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I had an echo 2, it's been awhile so I decided to upgrade. I wish I hadn't. I'm sure the sound is better, but I'm not an audiophile. There are better controls for bass/treble etc. However the sensitivity to voice commands is immeasurable worse, I use fans that are not especially loud, but the white noise interferes with the pickup so much that every other command is missed or miss heard. I'm tired of yelling at my echo 4.I am adding to a previous 2 star review to make it a 1 star review. The new added factor is that I have been trying to use the echo 4th gen. without the masking white noise of the fans, and have now noticed that the voice discrimination is also very poor. I could stand only a couple of feet away and have the device not be able to understand me or give a response to the question I asked because it could not understand the difference between the words 3rd and 6th. This added factor is leading me to box it up to put in my closet. Oh well, live and learn.	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Cool looking device. Easy set up.But “Alexa” announcing that the echo is connected to my phone every time is not necessary and annoying and according to Amazon it cannot be disabled. UghhI hope they will remove it in a future update.	3	April 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I play music primarily through the Echo next to my recliner.  As I said, I can't tell much difference in the sound quality compared to the original less expensive Echo especially since it is supposed to have an improved speaker (woofers and tweeters).  I guess I am somewhat disappointed.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Real mente es un altavoz de buena calidad pero podria ser aún mejor ya que es algo que se mantiene conectado de forma permanente a la energía eléctrica debería de ser por lo menos un poco más potente y que permita conectarse por audio 3.5 a cualquier TV como un altavoz  que es.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I picked charcoal because i didn't want something white on a dark piece of wood. a black cable would be less obvious coming out the back (it's in the middle of an oval table). but white? white looks like crap. this seems like the kind of mistake a cheap knockoff would make. amazon can do better.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	So, this is supposed to be a better music producing, sounding and all around more responsive Alexa. Don’t be fooled, it’s not. It misses what I’m saying 50 percent if the time and the round quality is no better than my echo plus. Wish I had returned this but at least I can warn others.	2	December 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is great when it works. I have several echoes throughout my house and usually the one I’m not talking to answers. I have to give it several commands before it responds. Great sound	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound Quality was good not happy that they took off the USB port in the back so no way to charge any of your devices.	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The charcoal 4th generation echo came with a WHITE CORD!  I own several echo and echo show devices.  This is the first time that I received a white cord and white power outlet with all my charcoal devices.  This is totally unacceptable!	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is not as good as gen 1 Echo; I would not say that it is ‘premium’ and certainly not audiophile quality. Technically, it is very capable for smart devices and the design is more aesthetically pleasing. Has all of the normally expected Alexa capabilities. No problems with voice recognition/voice commands.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's 12:30 a.m. and I tried to hook up the speaker at 7 p.m. I have had to change my internet service and passwords. Still don't know if I am in the clear. I am a wreck and now Amazon wants $7.99 to return the source of all this grief. Free returns my ass.	1	August 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The plug in cord is white when the rest of the body is charcoal.  This does not make for a cohesive look.  The voice recognition is sub par as you have to tell at times for it to hear you.  My older echos are a better choice to have.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased two of these, along with the Echo-Subwoofer. Often, connectivity between the three devices is very poor, causing songs to have periodic distortion. This occurs even with a perfect WiFi strength and internet download speeds far exceeding what’s needed to operate any other streaming audio and video device I own. I feel this is only an Amazon Echo issue when two or more Echo devices are paired. I would recommend going in another direction if you are looking for a stereo speaker and subwoofer setup... especially for the amount of money I spent on the three Amazon devices. Great idea, poor execution.	2	July 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	She’s deaf. Alexa works properly sometimes but other times I say “Alexa” followed by a command; I see the blue ring show up but she shuts off right after and this has happened on quite a few occasions. I wasn’t going to write a review until I encountered this, it is pretty annoying because Alexa was created to work as such and for me to have to give the command 2-3 times or change my wording when it’s already as simplistic as can be just for Alexa to comprehend… well that’s bs. Everything else seems to work as intended though that is still unacceptable.	2	July 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	You changed to the Apple round style but your quality it not even in the same city. I think that your older versions were better. Maybe upgrades will help. Not bad for the price though.	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I traded in my 1st generation echo for this one. I like the design and look of this but I do think the sound quality is worse which is surprising. It is also not as responsive to my voice. I would skip this generation if you are looking to upgrade.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Good pointsThe design is very sleek and doesn't disappoint. I immediately pre-ordered it when I saw it advertised.Bad PointsUnfortunately I am going to be returning this after about a week because Alexa does not hear me when I address her. I have a 3rd Gen that hears me if I whisper Alexa from 10ft away. This new 4th gen won't hear me half the time if I say 'Alexa' from 3-5 ft - not whispering but speaking normally.If there is sound in the background you can forget about it.I am having to project for Alexa to hear me which I am sure makes me sound like I am getting angry at it to the other relatives living in mu house.The speakers are fine. No complaints.	2	October 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Getting tired of these speakers having low volume when connected to tv. The first echo plus was more responsive in my mind but these sound quality is better. I’m going to go soundbars and put these speakers in the corners of my room for my smart home	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The only improvement here is the bass. At times I have to unplug it because the sound gets muffled. The round shape has its moments, but the cylinder shape of the 3rd fits best everywhere. Skip it and wait for the 5th or try for a 3rd generation.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I am having a hard time getting this to respond to me.  I will give a request and get no response.  It totally ignores me until I unplug and restart.  I'm not sure if it is the item itself, or if it is a problem with the manufacturing.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's just too big and gets in the way.  I liked the shape of the other version, because it sat perfectly on my little shelf.  Sound was nothing to write home about. I got it when it was on sale, so it wasn't a total loss.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker sounds like it’s getting blown.  Only lasted a year.  Alexa only listens half the time as well.	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Premium sound? Not even close. All they did with this product was to play louder, not better.	2	April 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I play games like knight manager, or sleep skills, and when i wake up, the device requires to be unplugged and replugged back in. When playing games like knight manager again, the echo cant even hear my request half of the time, when my other 6 devices including an echo dot, can hear me just fine. Even the wake word isn't herd most of the time. I am not sure why, cause when i drop in it sounds just fine. sound is amazing but other than that, the device is useless. it oddly does understand the time command, but if i just wanted a talking clock, i'd get a $10 one from the local walmart	1	March 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	As a preface, I use my dots quite often for music and all others are connected to audio receivers and quality stereo speakers.  Moreover, my expectations are high.  I was hoping this could work as an alternative for a bedroom.  Unfortunately, the audio quality leaves a lot to be desired.  They managed to increase bass, but it is awfully boomy and drowns the vocals.  I attempted to adjust the EQ in the app, but still falls way short.  I am returning and going a different way.  Honestly, the standard 4th gen dot is cheaper, smaller, and, in my opinion, sounds as good if not better.	2	April 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Has trouble hearing commands.  Significantly less responsive than previous generation.  3rd generation is the best.  Waiting until 5th generation to buy anymore.	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Continuously kicks other devices offline. My children have refurbished echo dots and they work great. This is the second 4th Gen Echo as I had to return the first. I’m not impressed really. Not excited for the amount of money you spend for it that it works so poorly.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The echo constantly  gets things wrong , I speak clearly and have to repeat commands every day , the last echo I had was flawless.  This one doesn’t play playlists from the Amazon music subscription for more than a few songs then stops, not impressed	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound a bit muffled, not better than the Echo I bought 3 and a half years ago. Also, this new one takes up a lot of room vs the column 3 years old one. Nothing better than the older one, not faster or any other improvement.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Quality of sound is better, however the response time is slower the 3rd generation echo you called out  Alexa and she responded very quick. 4th generation Alexa seems to be on a delay and sometimes you have to call her name 2 and 3 times before she responds :(	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Was disappointed in sound quality. Billed as a superior unit but not much better than my gen 2 dot.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s a cute ball, but sometimes I have to yell at it to work. My second generation seems to sound a little bit better but it’s not terrible either. I use it as my sound bar for my television so I don’t have to use remote	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	the 4 th gen echo sounds great and operates like previous geneation but with one exception. The software does not have remote pairing. all my previous echo devices have pairing in the software. Amazon needs to add this. why is it missing only on the 4 th gen?	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the new design, is elegant and refined, sound quality is pretty good, I like the bass sound but voice recognition is bad, it does not hear you even when is not playing music, is disappointing, is a good device but i hope that voice recognition, get better with softwate update.	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Literally, the old echo in another room can often times understand me when this one can't from just a few feet away. I did the trade in deal, but I wish I could have my old one back. I fell for the hype, new design, AI and all. Those new features may be the bomb, but worthless if she can't pick up your voice. I've tried moving her around the room. I have even tried her like just a couple of feet away beside my bed and she still often can't pick up my voice. I end up having to uncomfortably raise my voice and repeat repeat repeat. What's worse is the erroneous commands that the executes because she misunderstands me and turns on or off the wrong thing, like turning on my mom's light in the middle of the night, or turning off a heater in someone else's room when it's freezing. She just says ""ok"" nothing happens, but I know she did something. The next day I find out that she misunderstood what I said and changed someone else's appliance. It's really a pain."	1	May 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered a white 4th gen Echo because I liked my black model so much.  It must be because of the speaker holes in the housing, but it appears more gray than white.  So if color appearance is important to you, be aware.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa is absolutely WONDERFUL. WHEN SHE HEARS YOU. I have an Alexa within 10 feet of almost everywhere in my house and for some reason she doesn’t respond 50 percent of the time. And my home is about 67 percent integrated with Alexa	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I just bought a pair of these new Echo speakers and the sound quality is better than the 3rd gens.  However since Mid-December there seems to be an issue when you tell Alexa to shuffle all songs by an artist from your playlist.  It plays 1 song then shuts off.  When you tell it the same command it will play maybe up to 5 songs then shut off again.  It's not my router because I have the latest wi-fi gig one.  I've been going back and forth with customer service to get the technical developers to research this.  It still is happening.  Some of my friends are noticing the same issue.  If you are having this issue report it.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This device is marketed as containing a SMART HOME HUB...and it may indeed have one...but beware, it doesn't talk to all kinds of smart home devices.  I bought this as a replacement for my WINK HUB 2, which, after much forgiveness for outages, etc., I finally unplugged and cancelled.  I was pleased to see that the, ""All New 4th Generation Echo...including SMART HOME HUB..."" would be my new solution.  But, read the fine print.  It doesn't connect to Z-Wave devices, like my Schlage Smart Door Lock, (which I purchased from Amazon a while back).  So...while this device might be a hub for SOME things, it isn't a universal hub replacement.  Caveat Emptor..."	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	After 2 months of having it, it no longer responds well, it keeps thinking and when I want to connect it with another device via bluetooth, it does not respond, the speaker keeps thinking or the blue circle waiting, I keep the response of the device but it does not respond, product It's good and nice, maybe the batch that I got has some factory problem, I would like the replacement of the product,	1	June 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m not happy with the way Alexa responds to questions as it is not user friendly like my old Tap used to be. I’m hoping they correct the issues as I would not recommend this or purchase it as a gift any longer	2	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can't adjust the bass or the treble on percussions. The base shakes the Echo and the sound becomes distorted. I replaced my other echo because it was doing the same thing. But the new one is doing the same thing.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is ok, I will give it a 7 out of 10 (I am being generous).. The alexa app is very buggy, almost a pain to use. Amazon keeps trying to sell their monthly music subscription which can be annoying at times.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"We have three ECHO devices now.  This Echo 4 is our first one, bought about 16 months ago.  Worked pretty well, simple setup, etc.  Until last month.  Then it just stopped recognizing the ""Alexa"" wake word.  Now, every time I want to use it, I must press the ""Action"" button to start it-- then it's OK for one session.  I've tried the tech support tips, restarting, disassociating from the app, etc-  no luck.-- When it did work, the sound and functionality were great."	1	April 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s just OK, compared to my 2nd gen echo the voice trigger response is less reliable and the overall sound quality is worse.  If all you care about is bass, fine, it’s got more bass response but transients are muffled directionality makes it inferior at filling the room.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new generation device really let us down.  The speaker is great, but now it doesn't have the 360 degree sound the last generation had.  Also, it seems to not have as good voice recognition.  No wonder they dropped the price.	2	January 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The big round shape is hard to handle. Not a good design.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"My biggest complaint is that it is slow to respond to requests and often cannot provide assistance.  ""Hum, I don't know about that"".  My echo dot is faster and more accurate in responses.  So while it looks nice sitting on the table it is basically an expensive music player."	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	How come you sell a black speaker with a white electric cord. It does not look good. How could I claim about that?	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Besides the new shape, I don't notice anything significantly better with this echo.On the downside, cannot get it to sync audio with the FireTV. It starts out ok, but then a few seconds later it's 15+ seconds off. For some reason neither devices are able to be part of the home theater. Have tried all of the unpairing, restarting, messing with audio delay, turning off dolby, etc. No change.Also problematic is the voice recognition. I have to lower my voice for it to recognize and then often it just sits there, light on as if it's doing something but with no reply.Giving it another couple of days, but will likely return if there is no improvement.	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	i ordered this product in charcoal (black) and was surprised it came with a white power cord. i think most people want the power cord to kind of disappear, but making it white makes the cord stand out. bad design decision.  i returned it.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The echo's speaker is nice, also the integration with alexa and its capabilities to control other smart devices. However, it fails to hear my commands quite often unless I am very close to it or shouting. It is so bad that the echo flex I have in the bathroom (~7 m away from the Echo) often picks up my commands instead!Edit: I was contacted by Amazon and they suggested changing the activation phrase to ""Echo"" to avoid possible conflicts between my devices. That did improve things a little but overall, it is still quite bad. It is a nice speaker but not a good Alexa device."	2	April 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We love our DOT, upgraded to Echo, but must have gotten a refurbished one, because it is down a lot, our dot we moved upstairs can hear and react better than the Echo	2	February 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Basic Echo simple to set up but the unlimited music package was included and, although we received the relevant email, we were never able to load it.  Couldn't find any tech support.Otherwise, the Echo is wonderful.  We just will not renew the unworkable subscription.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone in the new echo is sub par compared to the echo dot (previous gen). I bought this for the improved sound quality but I’m constantly frustrated that it doesn’t catch when I say “Alexa.” I never had an issue with voice recognition before this model. Disappointed.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the speaker part but don't need it as I have 4th generation Dots stereo and sub. I also have cube. I actually have 10 devices and the 4th generation echo is my least liked. I'm planning to downgrade to my earlier model.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought an echo and 2 echo dots hoping to use them as extra tv speakers. Apperantly you can't use them this way. 1st, the dots work independently of the echo . Seems they don't pair to each other so you can only use one at a time. After pairing the echo to my tv , It's software turns off your tv speakers and won't let you turn them back on til you unplug and unpair it. The echo itself changed volume of every different tv station , some real high, some real low. And get this, to change the volume up or down ,you have to do it on your phone app. So that means leaving your phone on ALL the time. I tried at least an hour for over a week now to get these things paired together and workable. Until this morning when i gave up and unplugged them so I could use my tv speakers again. Maybe I can get something for them on Ebay. My worst amazon buy yet.	1	July 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The new shape is wider but shorter than the previous generation, so it takes more desktop space. The speaker orientaion gives this model a much better sound quality. with the volume at level 4, I can feel the air above it moving. The biggest downside to the new model is the voice recognition. The microphones don't pick up voice commands at all from across the room and, often even right next to the echo, I have to stand up and speak down to it before it responds. I'm guessing the new microphone orientation is the reason for this. With multiple Echo units in my household, this is passable. If this was my first Echo, I would not be able to live with it.	2	December 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The All-new Echo (4th Gen) with premium sound, smart home and Alexa did not function as expected. It did not recognize my voice about 90% of the time. I tried to use it to turn lights on/off, listen to Amazon music, Pandora, set timers, get the weather, and many of the other things that Alexa is capable of doing. I did the ""recognize my voice"" routine during setup, as did my wife. The device would work well for my wife, but failed to respond to my voice - no matter what was going on in the room and no matter how I spoke! It was so frustrating that I finally sent it back."	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I did the ""upgrade"" from an older Echo Plus. Overall, the sound quality is worse and the new design is strange. Obviously, it is an orb - not a fan, but I knew it would be the case given the image. I figured it would enhance audio quality. Wrong."	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo device is black. The cord is white. Why?!?!? Amazon, why did you put a white cord with a black device? Looks stupid. Also, this round Echo takes up way more than my older Echo. I purchased this Echo 4th generation to replace an older Echo 2nd generation I had purchased in October of 2019, because it was cutting out on me. While playing a radio station, or playing Amazon music unlimited, it kept just randomly turning off. Even after calling customer service, and wasting hours of my time trying to fix it, unplugging it,  resetting  it, etc., it still did not fix the problem. I was only willing to purchase this new one because it was on an early Black Friday deal, and I had some points. I hope I don’t have problems with this one. I still say, this new one was easy to set up. It basically did it itself.	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo is a good timer, and it plays music well, but it does properly interact with Audible and has repeatedly picked up a book at an incorrect spot. It integrated well with the Echo thermostat.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Can’t understand simple commands. Constantly trying to tell me about skills I don’t want or need. Trying to sell more than listen to commands. Alexa use to be very handy but now I find myself slowly getting rid of all my devices. Maybe focus on what I bought your product for rather then using it as an advertisement device or maybe pay me to take it rather then me pay you to try and sell me stuff. Alexa isn’t worth a crap. I’m going to google.	1	May 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Save yourself many hours of frustration, do not buy this.  It simply does not respond to voice command.  It would work when you first setup, then a day or two later, stops responding to voice command (unit is active, if you press the buttons on the ball it responds and no issue with wifi).  If i pull the power cord and do a hard reset, it works again..but only for another day or so.Upon some research, turns out this is a design flaw with the placement of the microphone, maybe it's related to that, but still doesn't explain why it works initially.I switched from google home after 2 years, because of bad voice recognition (when you tell it to turn light off, it will turn it on instead etc..you did think after 2 years its ml software will be trained somewhat to tell the difference). Alexa seems to have better voice recognition and dont have those software issues, but the gen4 hardware is a piece of crap.Onto apple HomePod i go....if that also sucks. I will just go back to regular light switches and speakers....	1	January 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound just wasn’t as good as I had hoped for. I upgraded from 3rd gen to 4th. It wasn’t really worth it. I like Amazon devices, but the sound quality in this device was disappointing.	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I found it difficult to operate. You have to say things in a particular way for Alexa to understand you. Some of the xtra apps don't work consistently.	3	May 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Constantly have to say the wake up word 2 to 3 times to get it to respond. It won't read my kindle books. It takes 10 to 30 seconds to respond and play the music I've asked for.	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not all that happy with the sound of this new generation.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It can hardly hear me. Plus it like a delayed reaction	2	May 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Cuando lo encendi todo funcionó muy bien, pero 2 horas más tarde luego de un sonido extraño cuando reproducía música dejo de funcionar, ya no enciende la luz ni responde, simplemente murió. Es dinero perdido ya que lo traje a mi país y aquí no hay garantía.	1	August 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Disappointed in sound quality. Also, Alexa doesn't know that ""easy listening"" music was invented before 1990.I'm 86 years old. Can never get easy listening music for my generation on Alexa. So I end up listening to it on my Spectrum TV channel, Music Choice."	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Update 4/17/21Customer service was quick to contact us about this issue; we are still having problems with the microphone and Alexa being able to “wake” while playing music at any volume levels. Even at low volume Alexa won’t respond unless you shout or tap the button on top.The device was replaced already which its seems to be a hardware problem all the way around same problem, same frustration - Im going to try to return it and get the 2nd generation which sounds better and at ANY volume level is able to pick your voice and follow a commands.——Our old 1st gen worked flawless, tried to upgraded because of the new “premium sound” No luck for us returning this one as it cuts in and out, music from amazon music comes through with lots of static -shown in video- and the microphone won’t pick commands as easy as the other ones we had.We have the second gen in the bathroom and have no issues with that one..."	2	March 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	All of my echos including the show, studio, and the new dot are all of a sudden not responding on the first attempt. I have gig speed internet and a netgesr orbi mesh that can handle numerous devices	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Everything is great, price for value, voice recognition, sound quality, responsiveness. love it, just waiting for more regions to be available so that people don't have to switch regions only to activate it. Or just the activation international, as it can run on spotify pretty much almost everywhere!	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Beware massive rip-off.  The Echo itself sounds slightly better, but still deaf as a door nail!  If you don’t mind repeating yourself 3-4 times just to get it’s attention it’s ok.  (And yes I did the whole voice training thing).  Still deaf .  Over all not worth the money for and upgrade.Rip-off BEWARE!  The trade in program is a complete scam and a rip-off.  We sent a 3rd  gen echo only a few months old, in perfect shape like brand new out of the box.  They gave us the $25 gift card.  Then rejected it for “not as described.”  They sent the echo back, Still in brand new shape, and charged me $25.00 back from my account.  Sounds like an epic scam to get people to by more, then the take back the discount.  Have also talked to may people online with similar experiences.Absolutely a monumental scam of epic proportions.  DO NOT FALL FOR IT!  Trade in program if a FAKE!  Will pass all the info on to the state Attorney General’s office.	1	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I thought by purchasing this echo that you would have improved voice recognition, but I was wrong. The fact that this is #4 and you still haven’t figured out how to read a voice without me having to yell is disappointing. Fix it amazon..	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Alexa should be able to understand the word ""and"". It needs to be able to follow ones train of thought and follow thru on more than  one request at a time.Still can't  get it to link to other echos for whole house audio."	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s OK....doesn’t have the sound quality it claimed to on the Amazon site.  Really not any better than the Echo Dot 3rd Generation it replaced.  Voice recognition seems a little weak as well.	3	April 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Replaced a 3rd gen dot with this. Sound quality is far superior, but speech rec. is much worse. Voice rec success rate is ~1/3 of the dot. Maybe its because they are trying to do more speech processing locally...	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Worst performing echo device to date. Had two previous devices and this one is constantly losing functionality, requiring reset.	2	March 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	was advertised it could link with sound bars, but after hours of researching, it does not. disapointing	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I call Alexa, and it takes about 20-30 seconds to respond (light up) to my call.That just is not right.Don't know if that's normal for everyone or it's just for me.Sound Quality is real nice. Love it.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker systems In Amazon Alexa indicates to me that there is no one there who is interested in producing a quality sound covering bass, mid-range, and treble equally. Even better to let each customer adjust it after all the thumping water proof bass is where the money is.	1	August 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was disappointed in the new Echo ball.  I bought it planning to do a 'stereo pair' with my Echo Plus.  Not Possible.  Who designs an upgraded product that is incompatible with the previous model?  Idiocy!  Also, I expected the sound quality to be better than the Echo Plus, but it is still not as good as the competition.  I admit, I am an old fart with hearing loss, but even with my hearing aids on, I still have trouble understanding what Alexa is saying sometimes.  My granddaughter has a Google device which is much clearer sounding.  My wife likes the 'looks' of it, but I will probably be sending it back.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Excited to get this new version of echo. Let's get the best part out first. Absolutely love the sound quality of this these echos. I can replace my expensive speakers with multiple of these Echos.Now coming to the bad part and how Amazon completely failed to provide support for the bugs.1. Aux in Issue - I use the echo to play audio from my MAC through AUX in. While playing audio from aux, if you play audio from Amazon Music then audio doesn't switch back to aux after music stop in until I restart the music on Mac. CS recognized the problem and giving me non-sense solution - ""please replace aux cable"". How this is related to AUX cable when I'm clearly can play audio from Mac.2. Delay in Alexa respond to wake word - There is 3-4seconds of delay in Led light up after I say Alexa. Already, uploaded the video of the issue to Amazon and no fix yet after 2weeks. CS is asking me to reset my 1week old device to check if that fixes the issues. How this is an even solution to this problem. I've few smart home devices paired to the echo, so resetting the echo should be out of questions to help customers like me.Overall, hardware is improved but software have gone down in quality and CS is completely useless to fix problems."	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Having the color rings on the bottom is insufficient.  It is very difficult to see the ring at times when you;re not near the device.  I don't always know if the device responds because I can't see the color rings on the bottom.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have different Echo devices in most of the living spaces of my home which is equipped with dozens of smart devices.  I’ve had this setup for about two years and as time goes on there are more and more commercials and TV shows that feature people talking to Alexa.  As a result, any time I watch TV my smart home starts doing all sorts of crazy things from the commands on TV. At least twice a day my holiday lights are turned on or off by the TV. My favorite is the new Alex commercial that gives the bedtime command and turns everything off in my house unexpectedly.  How do they not realize this is a huge problem? I’m about to pack all of these Echo devices up and donate them so they can be replaced with a system that isn’t controlled by TV.	1	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sketchy connective that completely ruins the music listening experience. The older version never had this problem.	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have enjoyed my relationship with Alexa (Gen 1) for quite a while now.  I recently decided to 'upgrade' to the Gen 4 hoping for some amazing promised improvements.  Sadly dissappointed. The first few iterations were somewhat sleek and unobtrusive. This is a big black ball??  The sound is very good, more directional as opposed to surround.  Alexa's listening capabilties, however,  seem rather pathetic.  If I have my back to her in the kitchen (4 feet away) she doesn't answer, but my Gen 1 Dot in the livingroom, 2 rooms away, responds. Woofers and tweeters don't matter if she's not listening.  And by the way...what's with the ugly white cord?	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Worked great at first… but now the speaker will start cracking if I play music for too long. The whole reason I got several was so that I could play music everywhere but the music always has issues syncing across the house; you can adjust this but still so annoying. I noticed the echo I keep in my bedroom stopped responding completely and I had to restart it. I didn’t pay this money for it to be an alarm clock with a busted speaker, Amazon really needs to work on making their echos better.	2	July 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sometimes I feel like I have to shout alexa in order for it to respond, I prefer the regular Echo Dot generation three it works a lot more consistently I can whisper to it it responds it stays online better just not happy with this item	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	My dad wanted this to easily get information. He has a hard time understanding the voice. He hears higher tones better. Unfortunately there are not many options for changing the Alexa voice. You can change the accent but not the tone.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Noticed that my older gen3 echo dot has better voice recognition, microphones may be better on the gen 3 dot.. I find my self having to repeat and raise my voice. The output sound quality is great.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I used my older cylinder Alexa for years as my go to speaker in my common space over several apartments. Then it died and I got this new one and it’s a pretty bad speaker. It rattles if there’s almost any bass and it’ll only throw sound in the direction the speaker is pointed where my old one was great if I pointed it around a corner or positioned it in the center of the room. I bought this on sale prime day of 2020 and I’ll be honest I’m pretty disappointed.	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is good but it has dead spots and sweet spots. I’ve gotten used to them but still annoying. Also the voice recognition is garbage. Worse than any device before it. Standing next to it I’ll say “Alexa” and 2 other dots in my house will pick it up before the Echo does. Speed is on par with the dots soy our are just buying a bigger dot with a subwoofer that you,k have to play around with the orientation.Disappointed. The Apple option is so much better but I’ve made the mistake of having 8 Alexa devices so I don’t feel like replacing all of them and switching to Siri.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	i have 5 3rd generation dots that are better than this.  it keeps losing connection where a dot has worked perfectly for a year.  i wish i had not upgraded  And esthetically weird as it is dark gray but the cord is white	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I'm disappointed in this version. It is much harder for it to pick up your voice. It also has a bigger foot print. The sound is fine but I need it to hear me. I bought it for my livingroom but after testing thought it would work better in the bedroom and swapped them.  I was on the other side of bed and asked it to play my daily news. It couldn't hear me but the one in the living room could and started playing. I will likely return. This is definitely a downgrade from their older versions. The sound is fine when it works.	2	March 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It seems to not hear my voice as well as the previous version of Alexa... also the sound isn’t as great.  The shape is ridiculous and not very appealing in a room.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bought because of reviews that said this model was so much better in sound quality than older model. I don't see a difference. Not bad, just not that much better. Also, the voice recognition does not seem to be as sensitive.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I ordered the Echo gen4 because my gen2 died after many years. The gen4 voice recognition is definitely not as good as the gen2. It's positioned in the same place (on a countertop) in the same room as the gen2 was in myhome, and 50% of the time it doesn't ""hear"" me and respond as consistently as the gen2. Due to shortcomings of the gen4 microphone, my experience is that the gen4’s output sound quality is not worth the money if your gen2 is still working. Look elsewhere, there are better-engineered products available. At the time i’m writing this, Lowe’s is selling Echo gen4s for $30. Isn't it obvious Amazon is trying to unload this inferior product??"	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Had a lot of trouble syncing them all in one room. Especially with music control. My 3rd gen dots seemed to do better (but not sound better)	3	May 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's frustrating when it doesn't respond to your requests from 5 feet away and you have to repeat yourself several times. It defeats the purpose of having everything controlled by Alexa when I'm better off using lightswitches and remotes.Audio quality is okay... but too boomy with the bass. I prefer the second gen Echo Plus in every way. Audio quality is better, and the multiple microphones means it will pick up my voice from another room, unlike the Echo 5 feet in front of me.	2	August 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nothing I really like and Connecting and voice recognition are horrible big mistake I should of kept the older model. A hassle to set up	1	September 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Like speaker but not the AI	2	May 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Always have to yell at Alexa for her to even hear me. She can recognize my Bluetooth devices only half the time. She doesn’t know as much as google’s.	2	February 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This unit has only marginally better sound than my other cylindrical unit.  Somewhat disappointed.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This echo is functional as stated but the sensitivity of the microphone is far less the the my show 9s or early echos.  I have to speak so loudly, sitting right next to it that the other echoes in the house answer.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Having a problem with this device.  We pretty much have to repeat ourselves several times and stand near the speaker in order for it to respond to commands.  Echo dot in another room can pick up our commands that is not ""heard"" by this device while I'm standing 6 feet away from it.  I would trade this in for a regular echo dot if I can"	1	June 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Gen 1 was more sensitive and recognized what i’m saying.  I can’t talk to the device, I have to ENUNCIATE LOUDLY or it doesn’t register what i’m saying.And I don’t say complicated stuff, check the time/weather, set timers for cooking.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Conflictos con echo plus. No reproduce mis me gusta de Spotify. No entiende bien muchas veces y hace otras cosas. A veces emite un ruido extraño	1	September 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is our second echo.  It has more features than the first one.  We tried to connect the two of them but were unsuccessful.  The machine does function as advertised.  I am glad we have it.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have five Echo devices in the house. This one is the worst of the lot. The First Gen device I have still sounds better, responds better and controlsMost of the time (more than 80 percent of the time) it does not respond the first time. The times it does respond, most responses are not right.I’ll be selling all but the Gen One device and changing to something else.Adios Amazon.It never worked right. I’d recommend ANYTHING else but this version.	1	April 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Overall it’s a great design, but coming from a gen 1 echo the voice recognition is way worse. I’ve had to yell at the thing in situations where with my old echo I didn’t have to.	3	April 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I own previous generations and this one has the most trouble hearing and the worst sound quality.	1	October 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Gen 4 is horrible. Alexa takes forever to recognize and react to my requests. It’s now glitching and staticky... fading in and out. I’m so glad I kept my Gen 3... DISAPPOINTED IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT!!!	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This speaker does not hear ""Alexa"" well, have to repeat numerous times and integration with bedtime routine has been awful, really need to go back to my cheap Dot"	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My Alexa worked very well for a while, but then wouldn't respond to any voice commands. No blue light. I have tried to reset my Alexa numerous times and even gone to the extent of doing a factory reset with no improvement. With the price so high I expected this device to work for quite a while, but am very disappointed. Caveat emptor!	1	July 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We’d been living, pretty happily, with the 1st Gen Echo but decided it was time for an upgrade - I mean, we bought the thing in 2016, so the newest version couldn’t be anything but better...right?!Unfortunately not.  This 4th Gen can’t COMPARE to the original.  On a good day, if it actually responds, it hears us correctly 5 of 10 times and (as is happening as I type this) the speaker breaks up when the volume is over 7.  I’m listening to an audio book, too, so no excuses for the speaker failure - every few words is nothing more than white noise.  Mostly, she either doesn’t respond at all or says crazy stuff like an SNL skit.  Beyond that, we have had to unplug\reboot SEVERAL times to make sure timers and reminders are handled correctly;  otherwise the blue light just runs non-stop.Do NOT make our mistake.  If you have an older model that works, keep it.  This new one is a huge disappointment.	1	March 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Integration is average to below averageNot really easy to set up as a hub. I had to unscrew every smart bulb get a serial number and manually plug them into the Alexa app. Not an easy task.  This was at the suggestion of customer support, after some about 40 minutes of troubleshooting.Microphone seems t be degrading over time, it doesn't pick up as well as previous generations by a long shot. Even sitting 10 feet away and it sometimes doesn't respond or responds incorrectlySound Quality is deeper and stronger, but not above average, more below average.	2	April 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is better, but the overall working of my original echo plus was better. Voice recognition is not nearly as good. It's necessary to speak to it multiple times sometimes to have command recognized.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not as good for voice recognition as the 3rd gen ones. I hope it’s a software thing and Amazon can fix it. The shape however is nice. Looks good on the counter top. Functionality of course is super.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	this echo is fine... but it's a little bulky and it's bulk isn't worth the imporvement in audio quality from the smaller devices... it's just OK .  probably my least favorite echo device i've ovned	2	January 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is so so and it's probably not needed in general	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa app is not available for download in my country of residence. i just got the echo 4th gen. How do i connect it only to use as bluetooth speaker?	2	January 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Es pequeño, no me quiero imaginar el echo dot de 4ta gen. La calidad de sonido es superior al echo show 8 u echo 3ra gen. Me hubiera gustado esta version con reloj	3	April 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We’ve only had it for a year and one morning it just stopped responding it doesn’t light up, basically an expensive paper weight	2	February 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great WHEN is use bluetooth. Like other Alexa devices, when there is a SONOS in the system, it keeps defaulting to the SONOS speaker. That should be my decision. Alexa Software management is poor.	2	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is my 4th and sound quality doesn’t measure up.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa echo 4th gen works sometimes. For the times it don’t work, it doesn’t respond back to you or you don’t here your announcements.  It does work when you tell it to control stuff but doesn’t respond.  When I reset it by unplugging and plugging it back in, it works…..wtf?	1	August 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sometimes I have to shout before it recognizes my voice. Sluggish sound when connected to tv, voices don’t sync. The older Echo Plus works much better. I have had it for a couple of months, I’m switching back to 1st Gen. The sound is good, it doesn’t topple over when table is nudged, and I like the controls on top.	2	October 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	there is some music that sounded better on the old echo's and some that sounds better on these.I should have just kept the old ones and not upgraded as they only gave me $5 for each old device.kinda disappointed.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	First off I tried getting support but man were they beyond rude. I guess for them the customer never right...I placed this echo in the same Exact spot as my 2nd generation echo and this new 4th gen echo hardly ever hears me. I have another 2nd Gen echo in my bedroom, down the hall, and around the corner. It almost three times as far as this echo and it will hear me and respond before the 4th gen echo does. I went to the troubleshooting page and did all the steps, including resetting it. Didn’t fix the issues. So I got on chat with support... Well they made me do all the same steps over again even though I informed them I did them all already. What did the support agent say, he told me that I didn’t do the steps... I guess he is all knowing. He then had me turn off all the other echos in my house and that was the fix........ I can’t make this up. So i still have to yell and i guess my house can only have one echo deceive.	1	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Why does the charcoal come with a white cord not a black cord?!!!!  Very disappointing!!!  Does not make sense.	2	February 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Like the new style. Good sound. Not such a great microphone (often have to repeat command and speak louder for it to pick up my voice; old echo in other room hears me before new echo in same room).	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We thought it would be different or better than our dots... but it has not proven to work better in our home and is worse at picking up our prompts than our much cheaper versions.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not amazingly different even from the 1st gen. Slick design though. Looks nice. One beef is they include a white cord... a solid black product designed to be non intrusive and aesthetically please and they send a dang white wire	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have had the Echo variants since Amazon first came out with the device.  Generation 1, 2 and 3 were great! Generation 4???? It can't hear you.  I have to scream at it to get it to pick up my voice and every time I ask it a question or tell it to do something, it gets it wrong 9/10 times.  ""Alexa, turn off the kitchen lights. Response: ""Office doesn't support that.""  Scratches head, did I even say anything about office?! What is going on with this version.  I have seriously got my entire house Alexa compatible and this device is making me want to go to Google Home after YEARS of being an Echo fan.  I even have the EchoAuto. I traded in my 3rd Gen for this and now I wish I never had.  Disappointed is an understatement.UPDATE 06/4/2021:It seems to be getting worse.  Amazon needs to come out with an update or something and get this FIXED! I couldn't be more disappointed in this 4th generation."	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I loved my original echo (first generation) so much, and use it every day so I figured after so many years is was time for an upgrade. I assumed the new ECHO would be SO much better than the original one but I was very disappointed. Sound quality is pretty much the same (except this new one has too much bass) voice recognition is maybe a tiny bit better, but not significantly. I also just found out I can't use any remotes with it so that brings it down another star.In short, if you already have an echo device stick with it. The upgrades are not worth it.	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is great. The SMART hub doesn't seem to work with the Smart Home app. The hub does see some Zigbee plugs and Alexa then can control them OK. Now I have to buy another Smart home hub from someone else. Disappointed.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Have to repeat orders more often than all my other echo devices.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sucks, never linked with my wifi, threw it in the garbage.	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition is really pathetic.  I can be 2 feet away, and half of the time I get nothing.  The 3 or the Dot 4 is much better.  Sound quality is impressive.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	volume seems fine for everything else, but if you are waiting for an alert to 'take your medicine', it is so low that unless you are standing next it, you can't hear it.	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FOR MUSIC WITH EERO 6!!!  This Echo is a great speaker and I have had them all. BUT when I use it with my Eero 6 it has drop outs in the middle of every third song for 5 or 6 seconds then goes on playing.  Annoying to say the least. I have tried everything I know to fix this but nothing does. Don’t know why no one else seems to be having this problem. Alexa/Echo tech support basically doesn’t exist (What’s Wrong With You, Amazon? Companies who sell tech products must offer tech support. Even if it isn’t your retail formula!), so I can’t ask them to help. AMAZON, HELP. This is just weird. I finally sent these two Echos (for stereo- sounded great when they worked) back and bought another 3rd generation silver to match my existing silver so I can have stereo. Any one have any suggestions?	1	September 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love the sphere shape.  The light at the bottom of the sphere is not as noticeable as an echo dot.  The Premium sound is much less significant (than the echo dot) than I expected.  Disappointed.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This Echo sometimes doesn't shut off or turn on when you ask it to.  When this happens I have to unplug it and wait a few minutes and then plug it in again.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This thing has got everything going for it except for the ability to talk Z-Wave. Supposedly, it has a Z-Wave compatible radio but has instead only made the somewhat lightweight Zigbee protocol available.	3	March 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound of this new Alexa hub is great but the microphone is terrible. I have to scream to be listen,  I have to give several times the instructions, or something just don't recognized the voice and don't respond.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Already had to get a replacement after about 8 mos... sound quality is poor at best. Not my ""go to"" music ball at all. (BT speaker I have is far better) I think maybe wait or go a step up if you need sound quality.  It is round and easy to access buttons on the top... bottom ring glows and I thing the have a battery addon. I think the Dots and Echo pucks get better sound as well. I prefer the pucks... easy and last forever."	2	June 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	thought it would be easier to set up...	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Was not as loud as i expected it to be.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	When I first saw this latest version,  I was really attracted to the new spherical design.  I was very impressed with the previous generation, (we were planning on purchasing another one,  but they're no longer available), so figured the upgrade would be well worth while,  especially with the generous discount upon the additional discount I would receive for trading in one of our first generation Echos.The pros - sleek design and great sound!The cons - THIS THING IS PARTIALLY DEAF!  I don't know how many times we have to repeat the wake word to summon this thing from its stupor!  VERY FRUSTRATING!  Amazon,  please fix this!!!Overall,  a good purchase that could have been great.UPDATE - 6/9/21THIS THING IS STILL DEAF.  COME ON AMAZON, IS THIS THE BEST YOU CAN DO???!!!UPDATE - 7/1/21WE HATE THIS THING MORE AND MORE, EVERYDAY!  MIGHT JUST EXPERIMENT TO SEE HOW FAR IT FLIES AFTER BEING DROPKICKED!!!	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	When I purchased this item, I was referred to a company in India to help me to set it up. When I began the set up I was forced to buy antivirus software from them for $318 because, they said, a virus was preventing the installation. I filed a claim with my bank to try to recover this money and have had to refile it. The people who did this to me were subcontracted by Amazon. I complained to Amazon who said it wasn't their fault, so I had to file a claim with my bank. They are still trying to charge my card for this and the claim continues. At present, I'm still out $318.	1	January 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I find myself yelling at Alexa several times.  I am not sure if I set something up incorrectly or I have a defective device.  I was going to purchase two more but I would like technical support.	2	December 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"If you love hearing pointless follow up garbage after asking anything the Echo is for you. If you just want an answer to you question, like ""What's the weather outside?""  I would look elsewhere. The Echo is great when Alexa doesn't try to tell you how great all the features you don't need are. Even just setting a timer it will sometimes try to tell you that you can do other features. Not just once either, we have heard her tell us about how she can set reminders for us, even though we use that feature often already. No way to turn it off completely is very annoying as it tells you something you don't need every time you use it."	1	January 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Difficult to handle unless you have really big hands.  Very heavy too.No clockSound is louder than previous versions but not that great, just better.It could use notches or something to grab it . Two hands needed to grab it. Lights are hard to see because they are underneath. It doesn’t seem to hear well. I need to constantly repeat myself or even raise my voice.My old one was way better!I have some cool design ideas to improve usability and overall design The white cord is super ugly and clunky.Can I get a  a better one please!	2	October 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is poor, but I beleive it is because the input signal is a digital signal that has extremely limited bandwidth.  Otherwise, it doesn't appear to be much of an improvement over the 3rd generation which I own.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I got this for my bedside table so that I could listen to baseball games from my MLB audio account. Unfortunately Alexa/Echo voice recognition on 4th generation devices is abysmal. It takes me repeated tries to get anything worth listening to and that's despite using the correct prompts. Along the way I get told that highlights of yesterday's same is not available, that there is no game today, suggestions to use the same prompt I just used. And calling or contacting Amazon gets you “experts” in South Africa, India, the Phillipines that know even less that I do.The 4th generation Echo/Amazon devices look nice but in terms of functionality are just as bad as the company itself.7/7/21: This is definitely the most frustrating device I’ve purchased from Amazon. And don’t get me started on the “support”. If you have unlimited patience and are amused by things that never get better despite an obvious and admitted need to get better, then this is for you.	1	May 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like the overall sound quality but it is horrible about hearing our wake word.  Sometimes I find myself yelling at it!  My old echo dot was much better.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Playing games like nat geo or jeopardy you can give the correct answer but Alexa yes sorry that answer is incorrect , then tells you the correct answer is the one you just recitedJust annoying to play!!	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I used to be able to ask my Echo 4th Gen for inside temperature and it would give it to me.  Now when I ask, it always responds with “Not supported!”	2	January 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered  two of these thing based in the amounts of the positives reviews.  I ordered one for me and one for my brother. My brother’s is working fine. However, mine got on fire and damaged my 4K tv!!!  There was nothin outside the box warning us about disconnecting the device when not being used ao we left our house. 10 minutes after we left I got a call from my neighbor and he told me there was smoke coming out of my house so I went back right away, once back at my place , to my surprise the echo thing was literally on fire and had damaged my almost brand new tv. Thanks god my neighbor had called the fire department and they got there in no time and were able to control the situation!!! I will continue to get things from Amazon but obviously the echo will not be one of them!!!! This could have been really really bad!!!!	1	June 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve been buying the newest Echo devices since getting the very first one as part of that first wave. I’ve never hated the performance of one more than this. I don’t know if it’s the mic or where they’ve place it, but it has a less than 50% success rate understanding what I say. I have a dot in the same room that understands, but not this waste of space. I have to raise my voice and repeat everything twice. It’s in my bedroom so yelling at it to turn off an alarm wakes up the entire house. Truly, this is horrible and making me rethink being invested in the Amazon ecosystem if someone thought this was a good idea. No matter what you do, don’t buy this. You’ll want to throw it through a window, which is the only advantage of it being spherical.	1	November 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is our second one of these, as Amazon replaced the first one for us because I swear that Alexa needed a hearing aid.  We could be sitting right next to it, and have to yell to get her to hear.  The replacement is better, but still not nearly as sensitive as the dots, or the older premium sound one we have.  If it wasn't for the need of the hub - I would have simply returned this one too.  We have decided we will just place this one in a room we rarely need Alexa.	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	In my opinion, it is not as good as the previous version. Sound not as good. Set up more difficult. Buttons on top are hard to locate in the dark because they are so close together.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased 2 of these. Love the sound quality.Absolutely hate that I ordered a black echo but it comes with a WHITE cable. Looks horrible.The listening mics don’t work so good on either of mine. Hopefully a firmware upgrade will fix soon.	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon decided to turn on spammy notifications about crap you should buy/try by default. To turn the spam off you have to sign into the alexa app on your phone and go through all the notification menus one-by-one. Very nearly had to go office space on this device because of that.	2	November 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The unit works fine, the color is terrible. The white isn't bright as in the picture, it's a dingy greyish-white. I do not like it at all. I ordered white to go in a particular room, this isn't white.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Our echo dot in the bedroom responds when standing in front of the echo 4th Gen. This is with no music playing or any other background sound. You must stand close to it or raise your voice when saying ""Hey Alexa"". Extremely frustrating when the echo dot two rooms away responds. PLUS who is the knucklehead that thought sending a WHITE power cord with a black Echo would be really cool! Come on people put some thought in to your products. Yes the sound is better but who wants to yell out just to get a response from Alexa."	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	When I say things like “Alexa, go to Netflix” instead of OPENING an application she searches it up, she has a hard time hearing me even from up close, and she has a bit of a problem recognizing voices.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is my first echo. I love that Alexa can tell me the weather and do my shopping list. But she can't seem to find the music I'm asking for. She gets the correct artist,but not the song I requested.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I hate it. Wanted it for so long. But after all the accessories and warranties bought, our Alexa keeps a shopping list and turns on 3 lights for 3-4 hundred bucks. So disappointed.	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought this one for the upgraded processor and it really doesn't make any meaningful difference. The microphones are TERRIBLE. My gen 1 echo dots in the other rooms answer before this globe of garbage does, when I am speaking to it from less than 3 feet away.""Echo, turn on the right table lamp""......Response: ""I can't find a device named Robert"". It seems like it cannot isolate human speech from ambient background noise. That was not an issue before. In short, it sucks. I traded in my trusty cylinder and have been regretting it ever since. I have to yell at this hearing impared orb to get it to do anything. Tech support gives useless advice like ""reinstall the Alexa app"" as a solution. Save your money and wait, and pray that generation 5 does not turn out to be as dismal a failure as this molar-grinding nuisance.Perhaps this is a sign of the ""new and improved"" AI.....the new one ""pretends"" not to hear, knowing that the ancient ones 50ft away in other rooms will do the work for it. BAH!!!!!"	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	NOTE - since I wrote this my frustration has reached its acme; it is unplugged and going to be sent back to Amazon, refund or not. All my other echos recognize when I activate.  This one is terrible. When the alarm goes off in the am I have to yell Alexa Stop! Or unplug it to get it to stop.  Either way, my wife is not happy about the morning commotion.I have to clarify that this is my second Gen 4.  After the first one, I was so dissatisfied, I worked with Amazon to exchange it.  This second one seemed to work, but then had issues.Amazon’s response, “move it further away from the other Echos.”  I have it in the furthest corner of my house…it’s still not working.Only way to get it to activate 100% of time, look at the device, stand 5-10 feet from it, talk clearly and loudly….repeat.	1	June 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is not great.Sound quality is good	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds good but not great.. Linked 2 together for stereo and it sounds even worse when connected to TV. Don’t buy for these reasons but if your purchasing for and upgrade to your standard echo dot, it’s a no brainer.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted to write the review because after less than a year the product works 50% of the time.  My wife has stopped using it all together because sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t.  I’ll be surprised if this lasts for another year.	2	November 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Purchased charcoal colored Echos, all came with white cords.  Home hub works good.  We use ""ECHO"" as the wakeup, and often need to repeat it to get it to respond.  Sound is great."	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Z hub works fine but the sound quality is nowhere near the original echo plus. I tried adjusting The treble, mid range and bass with little success. The speaker and driver does not seem to be as good as the original.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone on this echo is horrible.  I have to repeat myself so many times to the point that I'm screaming at it like I scream at my kids.  And this is from only a couple feet away.  I have other echo devices that work so much better and can hear me from a different room.	2	October 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality and voice recognition  is great.  I tries to default to Apple Music and she didn’t like it, lol.  As long as I keep it default to Amazon, works great...	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I keep it close to my bed and it seems sluggish to respond. My router/modem is 25 feet away in a clear path. Sound is outstanding for a small size. I wish there was a bass treble adjustment.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Not only was it delivered extremely late, but I got scammed into paying ""pre-order"" price thinking I was getting a deal, only  to find out it sold for much much less than what I paid when it came out for general release. As someone who owns all the brands, I have to admit, Echo is by far my least favorite. I bought this thinking sound might be better. It's not. And my number one complaint - it drops from wifi constantly (none of my others do, this is the only device with a problem - I have Gen 3's and they never drop) Or it simply stops playing streams with no help and the only way to clear it is to unplug it and wait, plug it back in. I won't toss it in the dumpster because that would fill landfills needlessly. I will look for a way to perhaps recycle the electronics somehow Just don't buy this piece of junk - and I did wait almost 90 days into using it thinking it might settle in. Ugh."	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Charcoal color, Amazon Echo 4th Generation arrived/came with a friggin white power cord...  Amazon, you got to be kidding me..  I might add, this 4th Generation is poor poor, compared to the 3rd Generation Echo.  Suggest people skip this iffy 4th Generation offering, if you have a 3rd Generation Echo.  Tried for a few days, but am returning.	2	October 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m still a little mixed as to whether I really prefer this new Echo. It doesn’t have Follow-up mode and I really miss that. It doesn’t feel as personable as it should. The sound quality is good.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound volume is loud and full. But direction is 180 so only good if in front of it. Sound quality is ok but not great. Not as good as Bose or Apple. Best feature is Alexa.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We were very impressed with the Echo when we first received it, but since we have had it a while the sound quality has diminished when playing amazon music.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	charcoal colored colored globe with a  Is white power supply. Is completely inappropriate.	2	March 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Speaker is decent for the price, but Alexa won't work with Spotify. You will only be able to use Spotify byconnecting your phone or tablet to the speaker via bluetooth and then controling Spotify from your device.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded from the regular echo dot cause I didnt like the sound. This premium sound dot is not much better.  Just doesn't have crisp sound or bass.	3	April 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased this product on a ""Cyber Monday"" deal...  For $59.95 I could order the ""Amazon Echo"" alone, or the ""Amazon Echo with a free Smart Light bulb"" for $59.95, or the ""Amazon Echo with 4 free months of unlimited Amazon Music"" for $59.95.I decided to go for the free music with the Amazon Echo.  However, when I received it it was only the Echo device with a 1 month free music.  I called customer service and they sent me to another department and just go the run around.Extremely disappointed that Amazon had to resort to a bait and switch advertising gimmick for their product.Gave this 1 star... If Amazon would have stuck to the advertised deal I would have given it more stars, because the sound quality is excellent."	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have the 1st and 3rd gen Echoes. 3rd gen has the best sound compared to this new 4th gen. This 4th gen has boomy bass, muffled treble and just is not lively at all. Sending this one back.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	A little background first: I was one of the lucky few who had been chosen to take part in the very first Amazon Echo's beta. It was an amazing item at the time and still is.That, however, is the problem. No matter how you change the exterior, it's still just Echo. The sound is pretty much the same when you play music - it does fill a room.The one new feature, the light ring on the bottom, is nice, but ultimately...meh.Why Amazon designers opted not to add the led clock to this larger, more expensive version of the Echo orb, is beyond me. Seems a lost opportunity to add useful functionality.All in all, I have my original beta Echo, two Amazon fire Cubes with Alexa, my Echo Show, an echo dot and now the orb. The orb, for its cost and lack of anything really new, was a waste of money. I could have just gotten another dot or mini orb for less money and same functionality.Save your money - get a dot instead.	1	December 2, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice commands have to be repeated several times before Alexa recognizes it. Tried recommended fix a couple of times with no success. Previous generation of Echo works much better.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds great, but am disappointed that i have to be much more deliberate getting Alexa's attenthon on the big Gen 4 Echo than I do on any of my older Dots, even in the same place.	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa needs to have a voice option like 5 different choices 3 womens voices and 2 guy choices. It really should be an option by this point in the developement of Alexa.	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Echo freezes multiple times per week. I have to unplug, wait, and plug back in to restore functionality of the echo. Not just this one but all of my 4th general echo speakers with premium sound.	2	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is great. I don’t like that I have to yell or repeat myself in order for it to hear me, even if I’m only a couple feet away.	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Like the aesthetic and shape. Voice recognition really sucks. Audio quality on songs not that good as preceding tower sharper echo devices. Still have the older ones which are far more responsive to wake words and better on my ears.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I'm very disappointed with this echo 4th gen. After I bought it  and having issues to even connect it in my room because I already had a 3rd gen echo and looks like they were both fighting for the wifi since one was disconnecting the other. I was pissed and searched, just to get even more pissed when found out these two generation echos are not compatible. Actually, 4th gen is not compatible with any of the previous generations. Why in the hell they would not make this 4th gen compatible, at least, with the previous gen. Now I traveled and can't return this piece of crap	2	December 3, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds very good, it struggles to pick up my voice tho. I have the older echo plus and it works great and it can hear me in the other room while this one does not	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new Echo is nice but it looks like a.basketball and takes up a lot of room, especially on a side table.	3	May 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This rarely recognizes our voice until you are a few feet away from it. I placed the second one in the same room -- no better. The Fire TV in the far room activates before these do. I have to shout to set a timer. I had an original Echo version 1 and it worked there fine.We have several echos -- all generations of the dot, a couple echo shows, an echo studio and a Fire TV cube. Every one of these activates better than this model -- and I bought two. I keep thinking they will update and get better.  I tried them in other rooms -- no better. It's not just my voice either -- two kids and wife have same issues.Did I get two defective units? I can't believe there was such a drop-off in capability with this model. But it just doesn't work like all the other Echos we have do. I will trade it in as soon as there is an offer.	1	March 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	White power cord- no option even if you ordered black speaker.Bad idea	3	June 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This product is not as much of an upgrade as I anticipated.There seem to be more inconsistency with incidences of freezing/connectivity.Also, the base lighting proves to be a challenge depending on the surface coloring.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have an echo dot and an echo plus that have worked well right out of the box. This was installed in the location of the echo plus, thinking it was an upgrade. It is not! Something is wrong with this new model. My voice is not as easily recognized and I need to continuously repeat commands to Alexa. The sound quality is only so so. The device has one direction that is ok but for a setup like ours where it's in the center of the living space, the music sound quality is not right. And did I mention the constant need to repeat Alexa commands? Oh and this unit is confused with devices that were never a problem for the echo plus. We have about 30 smart home devices; lighting, window shades, etc. I'm going to put back the echo plus and stick this thing somewhere else as an occasional use, or I'm returning it. What a bummer	1	June 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great in all respects -- except for music where it doesn't come close to wired speakers.  I'm soon to pair it with an ECHO Studio, so I will add to this if that changes my opinion.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound wise these are great. Getting base adjusted perfectly is a pain but once you they are great.The problem is the voice recognition. When they are playing music, forget it, they will ignore you (kinda like the junk that was the spot.) But what's really annoying is many times even without music playing, or any other sounds, they still ignore you.Obviously they didnt bother testing these at all.Wait till the next gen, or get third gen, but take a hard pass on these, I wish I had.Tldr: voice recognition on these is trash.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Expected a lot more. The volume in base is okay nothing to go crazy about but I do like the color I just wish Alexa was more of like Google when asking it questions.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the spherical shape of the new echo, but my old 1st Gen that I traded in was a better unit. This new 4th Gen is hard of hearing! I have to continuously repeat the wake up command to get it to respond. On the older unit I could talk at a normal voice level from 15-20 feet away and never had any issues. This one I’m 5 feet away and have to raise my voice to get it to respond. I have it sitting in the exact location, so that is not the problem. Wish that I had kept my old one.	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this product thinking it was a home hub and could unite all of my smart things together. Although it works wekk for Amazon products, it does not play pretty with most other things like Ring doorbell, Schlage doorlocks etc	3	November 12, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I do not like that it does not have a clock like the Dot and it struggles to pick up voices more than the Dot does.  That is not good.	2	January 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love the product & would give product itself ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ but didn’t love the day after receiving to find that the price dropped $20. 🤨 Long time loyal customer & Amazon will not give even issue a credit back. Sad.... They would rather pay shipping for me to return and then order another at lower price and pay to ship the exact same thing back out. Maybe the annual fee for Prime wouldn’t have to go up so much if they didnt do stipid stuff like that. I give Amazon ⭐️⭐️  🤨	2	April 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm going to give the device some time to break in. Hopefully the sound quality will improve otherwise it is getting returned within the return window. So far very disappointed.	2	January 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Unit sounds just as loud as the older Echo units.You really need to crank the voice to hear it at a comfortable listening level.Glad I picked it up at half price.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have every generation of Echos and this is by far the most disappointing. Sound quality is subpar compared to the older models. The device is not as responsive and does not hear/understand as well as the older models.	2	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I personally feel My Echo 2nd Gen responds and hears me better then the 4th Gen microphones. I wanted to upgrade my 2nd Gen with the 4th Gen due to the upgraded speakers and sound however I ended up keeping my 2nd Gen Echo in our great room since we found ourself constantly repeating ourselfs to the 4th Gen.  Also we find it easier to see the blue lights on top on the 2nd Gen Echo rather then the blue lights on bottom of the 4th Gen echo. I was disappointed in the 4th Gen Echo.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Often can’t complete simple actions.Randomly shuts off during use.Can never find certain lights that are paired.I think it’s a lemon.We have a dot 4th gen that works fine.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not very impressed. Echo dot sounds almost as good and is smaller and cheaper.	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This device should have a better microphone to hear commands better	2	April 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is better than our gen 1 echo, BUT Amazon has set music playback limits for echos; if you don't pay more money for Music Unlimited, echo won't play more than 2 hours of any album or playlist. This includes not playing more than 2 hours of music from sources other than Amazon music (we're playing music we own through a Plex server). When echo was first released, playback of long playlists worked well, but Amazon decided along the way that not enough echo owners and prime members were subscribing to Music Unlimited. Worse yet, if you try to use Routines, echo vocalizes errors. If you're using music to sleep to, it renders the device useless as it will wake you up instead everytime it starts playing again after having stopped.Updated 3/17: Was using Bluetooth connection to play music from my Android phone overnight. Tonight, when I connected my phone, Alexa played heavy static along with the music. Now it's pretty much unusable. What a waste of money.	1	February 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I was so pumped about this new design that I pre-ordered 2 of them. What a disappointment. Echo isn't even listening to me, ever. I literally have to yell at them ""Alexa"" to wake them up. My cheapy Echo Dot 1st gen hear me normal from 3 rooms away. I sometimes wonder if this ball even have a mic. I tried Amazing troubleshooting and nothing worked. Needless to say, they are back in boxes and I'm back to my cheapy Echo Does 1st gen."	2	June 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Although the sound quality is great, the other features of all new Echo 4th Gen are disappointing. The voice recognition is particularly galling even after I moved it and executed setup again.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Updating review.  I replaced my wireless with the new Orbi quad mesh.  Things are more stable, but still IOT devices working with Alexa don't work consistent.  It can be very frustrating dealing with these so called ""AI"" systems.  Expecting too much will let you down, so have lower expectations of a flawless system."	2	September 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love the sound quality but it cuts out at least once maybe twice a day.	3	June 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have purchased one every year. This by far has the worst recognition of voice and commands, I don’t know if it needs a software update but it is not picking up any of my request on the first try	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s a minor improvement over the 3rd gen	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is so much better than the previous generation. HOWEVER, Alexa does not seem to translate as well as the previous model. I have to constantly tell it the same thing over and over.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa doesn't hear me half the time, and when she does, she misinterprets what I said.  Maybe I need to move her to a more acoustically ideal spot and relearn how to English.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	There are days that I have to unplug it for about 15 seconds because the sound stops working. It’s frustrating but a quick fix. Would be perfect if it wasn’t for that.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is much better than the echo dot without premium sound.  However, compare the price and quality of sound with Sony or Bose, not as impressive as their products unfortunately.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa never knows simple answers to questions, and randomly starts audible books	2	March 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is so much better in my small echo dot vs this one. Sound is good though.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Worked great for awhile.  Then started playing static. Contacted Amazon and instead of replacing it  they want me to send it somewhere so they can try to see what’s wrong then ship it back. Was told this is because of abuse of warranty status. This is my first time calling about a warranty!  Will not buy Amazon products in the future. Warranty is a scam! But other brands instead and save yourself the headache	1	May 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I also have an earlier generation of Echo. The sound quality has decreased with the newest gen unfortunately.  Sound quality is not bad, certainly not audiophile.  It’s just not as good as it was.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Replaced my 2nd gen hub. Like other reviewers the microphone quality is much worse. Wouldn’t recommend if you are thinking of upgrading an existing echo. We find ourselves repeating a lot	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	While this model looks . . . Neat- the sound quality and voice recognition aspects are greatly lacking. The sound just doesn’t fill the room like my older model. :(	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not hear well at all. My old Echo (2nd gen I think) hears much better. I also don't notice a huge difference on sound quality either. Will probably return and go back to my old device.	2	December 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo won’t turn on my tv yet turns it on. My Echo Cube turns it on AND off! Wast of money!	2	January 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered the mist blue/gray and got that color in the dots, but the glacier white in the echo. I ordered the combo set, why weren't they all the same color.Alexa is a bit hard to understand. I have hearing aids and she sounds muffled. I haven't played with the app to see if I can adjust the sound of her voice yet, but straight out of the box, not great.I also can't get it to find my vizo sound bar system. I was hoping to be able to play music through that.	2	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like and dislike Alexa. It may make a person's life easier but I also think it is making all a bit lazy not having to do things for one's self.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Disappointing if you already have Google nest/home devices. I had this for a month and didnt even use it successfully once. The sound quality falls short of the Google home Max or even the nest audio. When I ask Google something that it didn't know I would ask this device and would get the inevitable I don't know that yet or can't help with that. If you need a really expensive way to tell that your order is at your door, this is perfect for you.	2	April 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Find myself repeating over and over to get the same results as the day before. Says it can't do it but, it diod the day before? Then finally does it. Not real happy at all.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My 2nd Gen Alexa works great!!! I love it! 4th Gen, I have to call out to Echo several times before it responds. I don't like the light at the bottom cuz I have to LOOK at it to see if it heard me (light on or off). I really hate it! Sound? It's like it's in a box, literally. Been trying to purchase 2 gen, but out of stock. The new one is so affordable cuz it's terrible. And the round shape? I hate it. I just thought the should would be awesome. It's NOT!! Don't buy!!!	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Se desprograma seguido  no se si salio defectuosa  y aveces tarda Como que no te oye bien	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Putting previous version back. Other reviewers were right: I'm 2 feet away from it, and the older echo from 2 rooms over picks up my voice before this one does. Returning	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I find this latest version to be more difficult with voice recognition and volume/other commands. Example: I say “Alexa, volume down”, and nothing. Same if saying “Alexa, volume 2”....volume unchanged or increases.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Spend over 1hr pairing it with the studio assisted by an echo technician. She finally got it. Still i ask for tomatoes and gives me bananas.	3	March 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Everything is fine with the Echo but at times I find that the speaker is muffled. I have to constantly unplug it and plug it back in for the speaker to sound clear.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	El reconocimiento de voz no es tan bueno como la generación anterior.pero tiene buen sonido . Th4e voice recognition is not as good as the previous generation, but it has good sound	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not much better than the old one	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We keep turning up the volume and Alexa keeps turning it back down!	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I expected the volume and  sound quality to be much better.  Was pretty similar to the original one I had that I gave to my father.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This one is more difficult to get to wake up.  Have to yell at it. My older one was easier to give commands	3	April 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I rarely write reviews - but I have to on this one given my disappointment.  I upgraded from a generation 1 echo - and I miss it.  I know, I'm shocked too.  I was really looking forward to the upgrade, but the voice recognition is terrible.  And I don't get Amazon's decision to move away from a 360 degree mic/sound design.  I might return this and find a refurbished 3rd gen.  It's a shame because I got this for a great deal when I traded in my old Echo!	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The main units sound is good, the 2 aux/ext units not good.  Wish I could have gotten a deal on the 3 all with premium sound.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	No support from Eero or Amazon.	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Good product I just thought it was wireless turns out u gotta keep it plugged it wall outlet for it to always function.	3	April 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa does not respond well to voice.  I have to repeat myself several times.  I miss my old Alexa!  She ALWAYS responded.	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The overall sound is good, the top volume level is acceptable, the issue with this device is that it does not pick up your voice nearly as well as the Echo Dot's that I have.  I have a Dot in the room next to the room with this device and it will sometimes take directions that I am giving this device, even though it is separated by a wall.  My kids have stopped using it, preferring the older products to this one.  Fix the mics and I would recommend this to others.	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I havent really used it alot yet it was a gift. What I've used it for though seems to work properly. I do find I have to repeat questions sometimes.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Been having to reprogram this unit several times.  Not a wiFi issue, I have several other dots in the same area that work very well.	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have and Amazon HD 10 7th gen with an Alexa App installed. I also have an Echo Dot 4th Gen.Alexa App worked fine for years but just in past weeks when selecting Alexa App, it would dropout with noapparent reason. it just shuts off. Reset Alexa and reinstall Alexa App. Nothing works.Please look into problem with software. Alexa is useless without app working correctly.	1	May 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It works well...I just dislike the round design of it.	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn't know half the stuff I say. The echo dot was way better. I have to keep repeating myself over and over.	2	January 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	As a Smart Home Hub, it would not control LGTV even with proper configurations / linkages	2	February 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this based on the Amazon claim that it would detect motion and turn on lights.  This feature is not reliable.  After 2 months of tech support and engineers trying things, the motion detection is not ready for public use.  At best, it will turn on the lights only once every 40 minutes, and it has no sensitivity adjustment, so if the dog walks by, or if my father turns over in his bed in the middle of the night, the motion sensor triggers and the lights come on.	1	February 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition is excellent. But I bought it for the sound quality. I am not sure if mine is broke. But the sound is subpar. My echo dot is louder than this.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is improved over the echo dots.The voice sensitivity is not as good as my dots.  Often have to repeat commands several times.	3	March 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have an original Echo and decided to replace the Echo Dot I had in my living room with a new 4th gen Echo. What a mistake that was!.So far it's been complete garbage. Alexa hardly ever responds even though she's no more than 6' from where I sit and usually I get a response from the Echo that's about 30' away in another room. It also doesn't understand NORMAL commands I've asked my old Echo and Echo Dot millions of times. If I set a timer on this one and then say ""Alexa how's the timer?"" she doesn't respond. I have to say ""How is the timer?"" to get a response.I exchanged it for a new one, and the new one is no better. Really disappointed to have these ridiculous issuesThe only thing I will say that's good is playing music through it sounds great, but I can get a good Bluetooth speaker for a lot cheaper than this mostly useless Echo"	1	January 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	One star for integration since it didn’t seamlessly meet my needs. A little background. I purchased the Echo hub based on an unsolicited email from Amazon. Amazon recommended an Echo hub to replace the Wink hub after Wink’s latest outage. Wink supports zigbee and zwave. Unfortunately the Echo hub only supports zigbee and not zwave. I need zwave support which I can accomplish with a Samsung hub that will in turn talk to the Echo hub or actually any Alexa device.  Maybe Echo hub will support zwave in the future.	2	February 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update after resetting and updating software: the sound is pretty good now, the microphones are still terrible. I've just stopped trying to talk to it and my other echos just have to pick up the slack. I'm really disappointed because I was expecting the newer version to be better. It's not. The 3rd generation echo I have in the other room does all the listening. I'll be 5 feet from this dumb thing and it won't hear me. But honestly it's best if it doesn't hear me when it does pick up my voice it usually gets it wrong. I bought it because I was impressed with the bass of my other echo, and I wanted the built in hub. Well all I really got was the hub. It regularly won't play music in a speaker group.	1	October 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered the black ball. One would think it should come with a black power cord. Mine power cord was white. It stands out and looks terrible.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have one of every Echo device Amazon has released, and the round 4th gen model has the most buggy audio of all.  Too often the playback for announcements will cut out portions of words, or other times Alexa’s voice will be muffled.  The firmware is up to date.  I don’t have these audio issues on older echos nor with my latest 2021 Echo show.  I’m hopeful Amazon will address this with an update, or I’ll need to replace this device.	2	March 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought two of these to use them in a Home theater setup with a 4K fire tv, Unfortunately it works for little bit and then dead air, I have to completely unpair them from the home theater setup and pair of them again to get them to work again but this happen very often making them useless for the purpose I bought them for. They work well as individual echo devices. The support was clueless and not very helpful in figuring out the problem or fixing it. They all connect to same Wifi , never disconnect from the internet (as Alexa works) it’s just the home theater mode sucks with these two. I have couple of cheaper echo dots that works better and never give me this issue, it’s just not the same quality sound I was looking for.	1	September 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I found the sound quality of the pairs is not as great as the Apple homepod that I replaced.  The home pod has a deeper solid sound.	2	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice is muffled but I can hear a Fox News Alert plain as day so by knowing this there are issues with Echo.	2	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	First, it comes with a white effing power cord, the ball shape is actually obstructive, sound quality is lacking, my second gen echo sounds better than this. Not much of an upgrade.	3	January 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like that I am able to request songs, it's portable, but I do not like the fact that I always have to repeat myself almost 2-3 times.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Older model was better need yell at it for a response	3	May 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was not able to get this to integrate with my current Echo/ Alexa. I tried commands related to my ADT account and my Roomba and none were successful.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This design has a really hard time heating my voice for commands.  It gets tiring repeating myself! My new dot works easy better...	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa doesn't answer commands as quickly or as well as the last version. It gets tripped up and is much more glitchy.	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I feel like alexa  does not understand or hear us very well have to repeat my self more often.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I miss my previous generation echo! What were they thinking putting the light on the bottom!?! There are just too many times where it's helpful to see the blue light turn on and show that it's ready. Also just not as aesthetically pleasing compared to the previous model.	2	October 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not responsive to my voice. Disappointing in that category. Sound quality commensurate to its cost. Pretty solid, but not a Sonos.	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The Echo 3 is just as good and our previous generation one could hear us say ""Alexa"" and what we were saying easier.  Also doesn't seem to pick up wifi as well"	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have the first gen Echo and it has been a solid performer. The Gen 4 has great sound but horrible/terrible human interface and performance of tasks. It takes minutes, sometimes, to start a playlist; it will play one song or part of a song and quit ... only to start suddenly up to ten minutes later. Or never at all. After asking it to start in the room I was sitting, it didn't ... I asked the Gen 1 in another room to play the music loudly, which it did ... about ten minutes later the Gen 4 started suddenly with the requested playlist but a different song ... and then wouldn't quit when I used the proper commands ... repeatedly. My wife just shook her head and we would like to return it if we could ... or drop kick it into the garbage heap. Love the quality of music; but the smart side of the smart-speaker is severely broken.	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My third generation Echo Dot works better as far as listening to me it’s further from me when I come into my home to turn on my lights and it hears me better than the echo and I know this because I change the names the echo I call Alexa and my echo dots I call echo I just wish that the integrated a mic gain so you could turn the gain up on the mic So it would hear me better otherwise it sounds and works good	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My major complaint about this new Echo gen 4 is that the bass is disproportionately strong. It works well when you're listening to something upbeat, but fail when you just want something light in the morning and feels like the news anchor is yelling at you like a DJ in the bar. Also, listening to classical music is a disaster. Melody is often covered by the disproportionate low voice. I wish it's designed in a more versatile way in terms of sound quality.The microphone is insensitive as a lot of people have pointed out.	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This model does not recognize your voice as well as the first model. Set up was easy. And definitely has more base than previous models.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does not recognize a lot of words or phrases. Most of the integration requires extra purchases such as subscriptions or even more hardware.	3	April 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa just doesn't want to listen. Have to say the wake up phrase multiple times even when standing right next to it. Also, the volume control is wonky. Ask it to lower the volume gets a minute, barely noticeable, turn down. It's just not as fun or sexy as my original Echo that fell off its shelf by accident a few months ago and broke. Going to wait for a new version in hopes that it'll be better. BRING BACK THE OLD SHAPE! The Death Star looks like a toy.	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	They send these charcole/black ECHO 4th Gen and the 4th Gen DOTs with WHITE power cords which looks like crap! It would have 5 stars otherwise.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The new shape puts the light on the bottom making it harder to tell if Alexa is awake. But that would be ok if the damn thing would stay functional.	2	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Works okay but constantly recommends amazon services. Alexa ALWAYS responds with lengthy answers. Over all, annoying. Plays one song at a time instead of playing songs similar to the one requested.	2	December 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Absolutely never works properly. Can’t even pair to other Amazon devices. Just not made well.	1	October 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	works well	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve switched back to my older gen echo just because this version doesn’t pick up my wake up commands as well. “Alexa.  ALEXA.  ALEXA!!!”	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My dot works great, this doesn’t. It’s gets what you’re saying wrong about 75% of the time when my dot, once again, has no issue. Will not play same music as the echo dot unless you upgrade to unlimited very disappointed in that. Sound is good at least when it finally listens correctly. For the record had them both in same location on same WiFi	2	August 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Why would you send a white cord with a black unit?  This looks ridiculous and as though it doesn’t go with the unit. I’d like a black cord please.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker sound terrific at first.  We were up grading from the original Echo speaker.  After many years it had stopped working.  We were immediately impressed with the 4th generation version of Echo.  Alas, it lost it's sound after about three weeks.  We could barely hear it and the sound had deteriorated so badly it was unrecognizable. It sounded as if a speaker was dead. Amazon is replacing it.  Hopefully, this was a one off problem.	2	March 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Black echo. White cord. I'm so disgusted I may just return it. Haven't even plugged it in. Why? Why people? The white cord shows and looks horrible.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have Older Echos and Alexas and see no difference in the sound with this new one.  At a higher volume,  Bass causes distortion.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I am a total fan of the Echo and my house and office are full of them.  I sincerely hope that this ball is not a preview of the low quality of things to come.  The sound is good and I like the look.  But the speech recognition is worse than the original Siri.  At first we thought it was because it was too close to other echos so we isolated it in the garage.  Even there it can not understand 8 out of 10 commands.  We have echos and echo dots of all versions in this house and none have this issue.  I probably should have returned it but I have spent too much time trying to work with the turd.  I have heard the same from others.  My daughter has had similar issues with the Echo 4 dot.  I will be much more quick to return in the future.	1	March 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Has trouble hearing me when I ask it something compare to all of the other echos I have	3	April 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Often need to yell Alexa to get it to hear you. Dot in a different rooms hears me before the one several feet away will.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Two problems with this:1. The sound quality doesn't feel as full as the old version, even though it is marketed with premium sound2. There is a significant delay when responding to audio changes (for example, go to spotify on your phone while it is playing through the echo, change the song or volume, it takes 5-10 seconds for the change on the echo).  This doesn't happen with any other echo I've owned, only this one.	2	April 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I replaced an older Echo (maybe 2nd gen?) with this new design.1. it is ugly, I didn't appreciate that in the pic on the site.2. the integration is not very good, I am constantly having to repeat myself despite sitting next to the thing3. the sound is not good, we listen almost constantly to something or another, audiobooks, music, podcasts. The sound is not as clear or sharp as previous versions4. it is really ugly (yes I know I repeated myself)	2	February 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Product is ok, but randomly shuts off and no one at Amazon can seem to tell me why or try and fix the product. Buy it if it goes on sale.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	When you call Alex the main Echo does not respond in the room with you. The interesting point is the echo dot 2 rooms away will respond.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This device does not respond as often as my Gen 3 Alexa did. This alone makes Alexa integration poor.	3	April 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I hate this thing.  I’ve had various echos since beta and this is by far the worst. It fails to ‘wake’ & it does not always offer a response (blue light just spins and stops). The sound quality is less crisp. It takes up a bigger footprint. It also cannot hear as well. It constantly fails to activate, sets timers incorrectly, and answers the wrong thing. I have nothing positive to say about this design. Pure disappointment.  How did Amazon manage to go backwards … this is significantly worse than the original beta version.	1	January 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm pretty sick of getting slammed with advertising on these devices.  Ask for the time and get slammed.  Time to move on.	2	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Irrespective of the color of the device, this echo comes with a WHITE power adapter! If you want the black/charcoal one to match darker color furnished rooms, it won’t! The power adapter will come in color WHITE and Amazon customer service won’t change it because apparently all power adapters for this device come in glacier WHITE color. While the device works as advertised, the 1 star review is for the poor color design, which makes me feel that Amazon is mocking its customers. White power adapter for black devices?! Are you guys really serious?! It feels that Amazon is taking its customers for granted and not being thoughtful about its design anymore.	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This worked 100% great for about three weeks and then all the sudden Alexa could not talk but she did commands like turning on my light but before she lost her voice it was the speaker was crackling a lot and I never turn it up to blow the speaker it was always down a little bit below the middle but I have it unplugged right now.. It’s on makes it very difficult to return things and get your money back so I’m gonna have to go out of my way to send it back if I do and then when they get it it’s gonna take about seven days they say but sometimes it takes up to 14 days to get your money back so I might just throw it away in the trash because it would save a lot of headache but I don’t really recommend this product I noticed that these Alexis have been made with cheaper and cheaper parts	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 3 of the gen 4 and regret it every day. The microphones are not sensitive enough. I have to practically scream at the gen 4 to get it to hear me whereas the gen 2 and 3 could pick up a mouse whisper. I often run into other issues with the gen 4 not stopping when I tell it to stop playing music, the news, or explaining something it misinterpreted my question to be. Finally, the sound quality is pitiful compared to the gen 2 and 3 with poor highs and lows. The volume needs to be able to go higher, too.. Amazon seriously effed these up and with 3 of them I can say, without a doubt, it's the model line and not just one device. Do not buy a gen 4. Ever. EVER.	1	September 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had this for less than two months now and when I’m not using it, this horrible loud static noise comes out of it. The warranty options are horrible, send it back for them to assess indefinitely, or pay another $15 for a replacement. Mines not even 2 months old!!! Guess I can’t leave it plugged in ever? Seeing online forums that this is a common issues.	1	May 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Difficult for unit to pick up my voice. Have every other rendition of Echo and this is the worst, as related to hearing my voice.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's not adhering to the location I gave it when asking about the weather conditions.	2	February 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had an echo dot before this one and it seems like functionality has gotten much worse. I don’t know if I have a faulty model or something.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It appears that the microphone is on the bottom and you need to be very close to the product inorder for it to acknowledge your request	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This is the 6th echo device in my house. In addition to the 4th gen New echo, I have  1st gen Echo, 1st & 2nd gen echo dots, echo show, echo show 8"".The microphone on the 4th gen echo is terrible.  It only wakes and recognizes if I stand 5 feet away from the echo, directly face it and talk very loudly too it.  Any other than these conditions, nothing in the house wakes and responds or an echo in a completely different room from the 4th gen wakes and responds.My old echo's 20-30 feet away in different rooms are better at waking and responding than the 4th gen echo.I contacted Amazon and they send a refurbished unit to replace it but the replacement has the same problem.  This is the worst echo device of all my echos.  Echo dot or my first gen echo is much better."	1	March 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I got this and a few other types of echo speakers for Christmas. While the concept is great and when they work its fantastic, but after several months I now highly regret my purchase and feel like I wasted my money. The speakers have constant connection and sync issues which could be caused by my wifi but whatever the reason the reliability is far less than desired and I caution anyone from buying these cool but defective speakers.	1	April 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo is huge. Not at all easy to transport. I got the battery for it so I could listen anywhere but it's just too big. Also, the sound isn't very good. I rarely go above level 5 for sound, and it sounds like a blown speaker when listening to music. Can't listen to anything above a level 4 without the crackle, blown speaker, noise. Soo disappointed.	2	July 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s got superior sound to the echo three but unfortunately it’s voice recognition is quite off and you must yell at it constantly for it to hear it’s wake me up and respond to you let alone if you’re actually playing any music or anything out of it you might as well pull right up to devices scream at it and hopefully it will listen to you or at least stop the music and then try to listen to you. By the echo three	2	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I like it, but the 3rd generation was WAY more responsive.  I often have to YELL at it to ""wake"" it up, ESPECIALLY when it's playing music.  PLEASE FIX!"	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I have always been satisfied with my Amazon devices...However, the newest device seems to have been rushed as the Microphone does not pick up anything. Sitting with it right next to me, I have to shout in order for it to activate. Whereas my older ""Tower"" can pick me up from across the room using a simple discussion volume of command.I was very disappointd with this product based on this lack of R&D to figure out the ways to improve Mic pickup."	2	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tengo mis dudas	2	April 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I added this echo for better sound.  But I can stand right in front of this new echo, but Alexa responds from the old echo in another room.FRUSTRATING!!	2	December 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon lost my original device shipment. Ordered a replacement. Original device arrived after all. Had to contact CS to get them to stop the replacement, as the website said it was too late to stop. I've now wasted two hours failing setting the Echo up only to realize they likely flagged it as missing/returned and setup wasn't possible. No error message tells you this, I had to guess the problem and contact customer service.Still chatting with tech support now, though it seems like I was right as to what the problem was.This should absolutely not have been like this.	1	January 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	During setup, Alexa was speaking, but suddenly stopped for no reason.  I continued the setup thru the Alexa app on my iPad, setting Apple Music as my default.  I’ve asked Alexa twice to play one of my playlists from Apple Music.  Both times, it plays two songs, starts the third, then suddenly stops and skips to the next song.  Furthermore the sound quality doesn’t seem to be too good.	1	April 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Constant disconnect from internet, and too many times having to yell at it for it to recognize a voice.	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This thing is awful. Save your frustration and money for something else. Voice recognition is the worst yet in these models. It'll be playing a  song you like so you tell, hey I like this song, it will then tell you its not playing any music and then continue playing the song. Have to pretty much put mouth on it for it to understand you. Just the worst.	1	April 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to say her name several times before she responds. Sound quality is improved from older versions.	3	April 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	On 3 occasions now, the device has stopped responding or has reset itself, requiring a minimum of unplugging it and forcing a hard reset.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This gen doesn't seem to understand basic English like the others.  I'm constantly repeating myself!  The sound quality is AMAZING however!!	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We got the new Echo because i thought the old one was missing quite a few things but it turns out the new one is not better.  In some ways it worse.  It misses a bunch of prompts,  the notification process is worse.  it doesnt play well with my other electronics that my old echo played with.  Not at all better so far.	2	July 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The unit frequently doesn't respond to voices even right beside it. We have needed to restart it several times and it then works again. Seriously considering returning it.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The Alexa voice is still muffled.  The mic isn’t as good as my gen 3 echo dot.  I have to constantly repeat myself and yell for it to get the command correctly. For music the sound is pretty good.  It just a major problem for basic daily function to be a chore.The older one costs less and still has the same problems, but at least you can save some money.	2	April 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Upgraded from 2nd gen which worked totally fine.  After setting up this one,  Alexa takes me to search results instead of opening an app like YouTube or Netflix.  It will only open the app if I'm looking at search results.  Hours talking with support and they can't figure it out,  will have to return and possibly try Google assistant since I already traded in my old device.UPDATE:Setup the 2nd echo I purchased on another TV with a different version fire TV, SAME PROBLEM.I tried with a previous version echo again, no problem.It's obvious it's an issue with the 4th gen echo.Can't believe they let something like this out the door.UPDATE 3:Ordered another one to see if I got duds, the new one has exactly the same problem.Amazon had also confirmed they were seeing the issue in my logs and had me send them a video weeks ago.I never heard back from them again.	1	November 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	We were disappointed in the sound quality, especially when compared to the Dot 4 we received	3	April 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I believe this Echo doesn't hear my voice like the older models.  I usually have to repeat myself.	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Its ok. Speaker quality is nice but you can't get the clock with the premium audio version.	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Loses volume and crackles like it has wiring issues. Music stops playing for no reason	2	February 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Some time it picks up one of our voices sometimes it doesn’t even being right next to it and calling out “ALEXA” , just silence. Or the other it says it doesn’t recognize the command then I call to the other model upstairs which hears us perfectly and give the same command and has no problem. Pretty frustrating and really irritating since I can’t take this crap back. So living with it it may be bigger and louder still has the same flaws	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound at low volume is great. Not so much when you turn it up. Purchased on sale for 69.00 its worth it at 99.00 I wouldn't buy it.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I like the design thou I would of preferred a much different look. Audio isn't very loud and sounds very distorted. As for voice recognition  it doesn't pick up the ""Alexa"" command word at times even when you're just a few feet away. Maybe I have a dud....?"	2	September 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds better than echo dot but anyone who thinks this is audiophile quality has never heard a real set of speakers. This is on par with what you would have spent $100 on 20 years ago like a sony boom box with a cd player. A friend has sonos and this is nowhere near the sound quality of that. I suppose it’s priced accordingly since this is less than half the cost of sonos.	2	April 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It has a hard time hearing you , I have either call her name out repeatedly or just yell at the top of my lungs to get her to respond .I can be within 3 foot of her and in a  normal voice have to say Alexa at least a half a dozen times. I sent the first one back for that same reason, guess that’s the way they are going to be from now on .	2	March 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Decided to upgrade from out 2nd gen echos. Looks like that was a mistake. This one worked for two days then quit connecting to the internet.  Spent about 45 minutes on the telephone with customer service ( who was a pleasure to speak with and very professional) and he concurred the issue was with theEcho. Since we had only had it less than a week I expected him to send me an immediate replacement while I returned this one. However didn't work that way. He said he had to generate a ""ticket"" for the tech people to look at it. This good take anywhere from 3 days to a couple of weeks. Since I'm still with in the 30 day return window expect I will return it in the next couple of days as opposed to waiting on Amazon tech."	1	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Connection to modern tv needs some work when opening apps and looking for the show/movie you want and such but when it’s works it does so amazing!	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Has great sound but music skips are maddening. Nothing I try ever helps.	2	February 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We have been very disappointed with the sound quality of this new design, when compared to the previous generation echo plus. Since an echo plus is no longer available, we were excited to hear this new generation. Sooooo disappointing!  This new model sounds like a transistor radio of old. We love the echo pluses that we have. They have amazing sound quality. This new model is definitely not worth the money, in our opinion. Look for a good used echo plus instead. You’ll be way happier!	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The new speaker system is good. Sound quality way above the last gen. But she does not listen to what you ask. The voice recognition sucks. Sometimes you have to literally yell at her to get her attention...and by then I have the attention of all the other Alexia's in my house and the neighbors house. There needs to be some sort of fix for this. The 3rd gen understands great. The new 4th gen...not so much. 2 stars.	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is in my living room.  I also  have a 2nd gen and an Echo Dot.  Many times, the two older devices respond when this does not.  I often have to SHOUT at it to get it to respond.  Last evening, I was less than two inches away, shouting at the 4th gen, and it did not respond. Very disappointing.  The 2nd gen is still the best of the ones that I own.	2	February 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very disappointed with new echo ball. The sound quality is not great.  Not sure why, but it will stop playing my music and then I hear static. Have to unplug as it does not respond to “Alexa off”.  The two previous generations - much better by far.	2	September 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	You either like the new shape or you don't.  I bought it not really sure if I liked the new look or not, but decided ultimately I didn't care what shape it was so long as it worked.  They promised it was improved and better.  That has NOT been my experience.  I literally have an Echo in every room.  I own nearly a dozen of them of all types.  This one is the worst.It's on my nightstand next to my bed.  Frequently when I speak to it, one from down the hall in a different room will respond to me.  So annoying!  I can only assume it's because of the new design and the microphone is located down low instead of on top.  When she works and plays music and such, I have zero complaints.  As it is, I hate it.  An assistant is supposed to be helpful, not annoying.	1	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	previous review.....  they either sent me the wrong one or the better sound quality is not there	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This in my 3rd alexa. This is by far the best for sound. I listen to a lot of music on Spotify. The problem I have been having is It dose not pick up on my voice. My edition 3 model picks up even when I standing right beside the new model. Edition 3 understands we very well. Not so with the new model.Shame. Like I said I like the sound. DisappointingI also wonder what is their to do about this?	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	As someone with an amazon device in pretty much every room of my house, I bought this one to use in my office when I wanted to listen to music at a lower level. I figured I would spend the extra $$$ on the premium sound version of the Echo (I also own the studio but didn't need the sub). Boy am I disappointed. I'm seriously questioning if they sent the wrong model. The sound is muffled and basically unusable. I get far superior sound from the $10 computer speakers that came with my desktop. Amazon really missed the mark with this one or rushed production so much that the quality control was non-existent.  I wish I could return this but I bought it during the black Friday sale and didn't open the box till this past April.	1	June 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is good; a bit improved with hub. But, Echo doesn't recognize or acknowledge until a few repeats of my request.	2	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Several times now the  light stays on and I have to disconnect power to get it to stop. What should I do	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Its akward to handle.. No digital clock..The cord is white..I ordered black gen 4 premium ,Tacky.gen 3 sounds much better.. And had a digital clock. What bass..Absolutely Dissatisfied	2	December 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Upgraded from an older echo dot for the sound quality. Pleased with the loudness and bass it puts out but like many others have said here, the voice recognition is horrendous. The echo dot understood me every time even when whispering at night, this new one has worse voice recognition than my VW Jetta. Never understands what I’m saying, and god forbid you try and whisper to it with whisper mode on, it’ll never understand what you’re saying. Very disappointed with this “upgrade”.	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Do not buy. Do not buy! All I can say is beware this is a complete waste of money exit and bye Apple version of this product. Does not recognize your voice. Does not follow commands. Does not synchronize with jason products as described and according to guidelines.	1	July 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Straight out the box and already found an issue, the bluetooth connection is non existant, echo is not recognized by any device and neither does echo recognize anything else. I find myself screaming at the device in order for it to pick up my voice. The app is the most useless interface there is, no real configurations, menus that lead back to the same screen over and over. Overall, horrible product, you'll have an easier time talking to siri.	1	March 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very low at its highest level/sound quality	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I think the sound is just okay. I was expecting much more from all of the hype. I see from other comments that I am not alone.	3	December 11, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It seems that the echo has trouble hearing you and you have to repeat yourself over and over before it wakes up and respond	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not satisfied at all.  I originally ordered it the day after Thanksgiving and it never came, had to reorder it.  Finally received it two days before Christmas.  Plugged it in and went through the instructions, I was excited to have a better sounding speaker than the dot.  Listened to NPR and music for a couple hours.  Then it stopped and wouldn’t sync.  Saying my Wi-Fi connection wasn’t working.  Tried over a dozen times.  It also said the product wasn’t registered.  Unfortunately it wasn’t worth the aggravation!  I returned it.	1	January 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Integrates well with light plug.  Voice recognition leaves much to be desired.  Announcements are nice.  Shuts off music randomly.	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Was expecting more than the next size down, and volume-wise, it is louder, but sound quality is still just cheap. None of these Echo speakers are worth the ridiculous price.	2	November 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Our old Alexa bought in 2015 works so much better.  The sound is good and it can here your voice easily.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does stay connected to the router near as well as Gen 1 did.	3	April 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This product was just fine. I wish I hadn't spend 2xs the money for better sound quality though. It doesn't deliver.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The problem is that the blue echo does not hear very well. Or it doesn’t pay attention all the time.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"What rocket scientist decided to pair a white power cord with a black Echo?  And the power cord is shorter, too.Not ready for ""prime"" time..."	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Item locks up weekly and I have to unplug it.  Dot v3 works better.	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	When streaming music it cuts out way too much. We have 3 other Echo dots and they remain playing	2	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This plays music well, sounds good, and controls what I need it to. If not for that, I would give it 1 star. The microphones are the worst I've ever experienced of any device. I can stand right next to it and it still can't hear me. I can't recommend this product at all. It causes more frustration than it helps. Easily the worst generation yet.	2	May 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sometimes is hard for alexa to hear me need to be more sensitive to voz its easy to play any station or music	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like how easy it makes things at home. Only thing sometimes I speak to it and wont do anything like doesnt understand or something	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I can call on her and an Alexa from another room responds instead.	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's listening to me. They're listening to me. I keep it muted unless I have a question.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This looks better than my original Alexa and works fine. I think my old Alexa may sound better.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t work	2	April 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Setting up two echo together has proven to be an impossible undertaking. Linking echo to out new blue tooth enabled LG has not worked. My iPhone recognizes the components on blue tooth. Linking together tv to echo - not working. Linking echo to second echo not working together.	1	June 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The design went from slim and sleek to a bowling ball like shape...seems like it went backwards	2	January 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	First and formost, YOU CANNOT BLUETOOTH AMAZON SPEAKERS IN STEREO. 100 dollars each and u can only connect one at a time! What a huge disappointment. They make these seem like these are great stereo devices  but in reality dont do much at all. Only thing u can do is pair them in stereo to a firestick and that is crap too. The arc audio doesnt work at all, just a gimmick. So ya, only the firestick on firestick input will run these in stereo or u can pair stereo in alexa app and guess what, it only works for 3 apps. GARBAGE AMAZON. GARBAGE.	1	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as loud as I expected it to be based on the description	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound stops working randomly, have to unplug it and plug it back in to get it to work.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you don't subscribe to Amazon prime music you will only get lots of advertisements and not many songs.	1	September 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I've been using this for a couple weeks, and the most frustrating part of this is actually trying to use it as a smart home hub. The Alexa app is very crappy, it's impossible to search for options or configure what you actually see when you open the app. I'm a software engineer and I find it difficult each time to find what I'm looking for or to accomplish the simplest of tasks such as creating a new group / room for my devices. The hardware is great but the software experience makes this almost unusable. Won't recommend.	1	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Horrible user experience. Unwanted announcements at random moments of being connected to my desktop. Not getting another or replacing it in the future if this isn't fixed.Honestly, who in the world did the user testing on this. Ridiculous.	1	July 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound thinner than the little dots, better than the new sphere-shaped dot. Voice recognition seems a little behind the dots; easily confused with slow speech	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I used this for over a year and it seemed to generally work fine. Now, I have been interrupted in the middle of two work meetings because it won't let me DISMISS A REMINDER THAT I CREATED. Unplugged and tossed in the back yard. Just disgustingly unacceptable.	1	June 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Takes 2 or 3 tries to make mike recive . don,t like shape .	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Good sound quality. But doesn't play what you ask Instead plays something random. Returned it.	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Ordered two NEW.One was brand new.The other was USED ... taped closed.	1	September 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Good product, however I didn’t experience a better product when compared to the previous generation. It is not worth the extra money.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have been using different type of Alxea for years. This one by far has the worst voice recognition.	2	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had a generation 1 that died. Loved it. This one is not as powerful.	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I truly regret this purchase. I thought that this upgrade would have done me good but it's proven to be more frustrating. The voice recognition on this device is non-existent... I have to repeat myself multiple times and I still get an incorrect response.I have to default to my echo Dot to control my devices because the echo won't.	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to see any difference in this generation vs the last two generations. Not worth upgrading for in my opinion.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Goes ""DEAD ASLEEP"" at times and reacts to TV sounds with ""funny"" sayings ...............Ignires Questions asked ."	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My daughter got this for me as a gift. Because I didn't have amazon prime or any way to play music and could not afford to purchase extra apps, she took it back. So I really can't rate it. It was fun to ask it questions though. She just wouldn't play me any music or read to me or anything fun. I'm sad.	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is awful.  Not near as good as my 2nd generation Echo.  I'm thinking of returning it.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s not as responsive as the Echo dots that are the disc/hockey puck shaped. It’s okay	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this to try to use some Amazon smart plugs and to enhance the sound quality.  This echo does have improved sound but it is not nearly as responsive as my previous echo dot.  It is not worth the money spent.  Not sure why others might buy this but, if it is for smart devices, don't waste your money.	2	June 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It says many languages, you would expect Chinese as one in the list, but no.a big disappointment.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Responding when asking something Alexa to do is not that great	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have other 2 versions of Alexa, which are older and cheaper than this one, and they are FAR BETTER THAN THIS ONE.This Alexa has basic no voice recognition, as we have to shout or repeat 3 to 4 times the same command for it to respond.In addition, the voice follow-up mode does not work properly, as Alexa will rarely execute the second command, even after reacting as if the command was executed.When it comes to appearance, white charging cable that comes with the black Alexa looks horrible, and its quality is as bad as it could be.I am extremely disappointed with this product and would switch to another smart home interface, if I did not have other Alexas in my house already.I do not recommend this product!	1	May 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The ability to hear high notes goes away with age.  This speaker is unsuitable for seniors (e.g. baby boomers) with that hearing limit, as it emphasizes mid-bass (i.e. male speakers), and has virtually no audible high notes, in my experience.I wonder, is there a manufacturer who sells speakers with a balanced sound spectrum (or better yet: emphasizing high notes)?	1	April 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very bad at picking up sound. Can't even finish 1 Jeopardy game. Not worth it if you want to use your echo as anything more than a small stereo	2	November 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Did not note any improvement in sound.  Purchased to use as Blue tooth speaker for tv.  Poor quality sound.  Did not notice any improvement over normal echo.	2	November 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I guess maybe I got spoiled by my echo dot 2nd gen. Now we have to yell at Alexa from three feet away and either end up with an incorrect response or the 2nd gen dot in another room, behind a closed door responds before our new echo. The music playback is obviously better being an echo vs. a dot, but otherwise that 2nd gen dot is so much better.	2	March 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	do no like the unit is black and the power cord is white	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	And lately has taken to advertising. As if we don't have enough of that. She should be responding to questions, not offering suggestions!!!	2	December 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not pick up your voice as well as 3rd gen ,,but playing music has much better sound quality.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I've had an Echo since the first one gen was made available as a special pre-order. Last year, my original Echo stopped working with the app and I was told there was nothing to do but upgrade. So I bought the newest gen (4th) of Echo. It never hears me. It's in the exact same spot as my old one, and the old one picked up my voice every single time. This one can't seem to hear me, even when I'm standing over it. I have an echo dot (3rd gen) in my bedroom and often that one is further away than the Echo in my living room and the dot will hear me and respond while the Echo just sits there.At this point, it's a very expensive paper weight and I'm seriously considering switching over to the Google products.	1	April 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	At 1st the system worked well and then yesterday it would not switch profiles to the main one (the account the Echo is registered to), or control smart home objects. It would stay stuck on the other profile even after 3 factory resets while communicating with support for almost 2.5 hours. The only resolution was to remove the other account from the household thus losing the benefits of that service. Support said a ticket was put in however, I've yet to receive any communication indicating that is the case. I firmly believe it isn't an issue with the device itself rather, the servers/services running behind the scenes because it appears to try to default to the other account as soon as it is added back. Point blank, it reminds me of some 1st to market, untested in the real world product/service that has been plaguing the IT industry for years.18 days later - Still waiting, lost benefits.	1	November 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Who's the genius that thought to provide a white cord for a black speaker?Voice command not as good as the dot.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound not loud enough	1	October 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to constantly unplug and re-plug as suggested by customer service.  Sometimes it just zones out.  Sometimes it just does not respond.  Once I unplug it and plug it in again, it works fine.	2	October 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	With the new device the group function no longer works.	2	February 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nunca la pude conectar a mi televisor inteligente	2	March 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don’t know that it was worth the extra cost to buy the newer model.	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Love my Alexa but this one does not hear me as well as the dot.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new Alexa takes like 2 or 3 times of saying her name before a response. Very frustrating	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is nice compared to our 2nd gen and it’s very fun looking. However it’s so SLOW. Have to yell at it to get it to do anything and then it takes a few seconds to process it. We use it for white noise for our baby and often wake him up yelling at the Echo to get it to do anything. For part of the production description stating it’s supposed to be super fast that’s a lie, we get so frustrated at it.	2	October 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The one great feature was that it didn't cut out while playing radio stations like my Generation 3 Echo Plus did.As far as the sound quality it was not as good as an Echo Dot in my opinion. Even after trying to increase sound quality using the built in equalizer I had a hard time with clarity while playing music.	2	July 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Speech recognition needs improvement.  The quality of music played through the 4th gen is improved over the previous generation.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Can't sync it to another echo. Disappointing	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It looks nice, sounds good, but the voice recognition is much worse then the previous echo.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa Echo has a hard time remembering our lights (we have 2 in the same room). We’ll use the same term for asking her to turn off one of the lights....one day she gets it right and another day she doesn’t. Sometimes after we go to bed and the house is dark and quiet, we see a light flash from her, and I have to tell her “do not disturb.“	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Black echo / white power cord??? So do I get a black power cord if I order a white one? Everyone who ordered a black echo should get a black cord for free. Just incredibly dumb to market a product that is black and send a white power cord.Update: The power cord issue is annoying but not material. However after a few weeks of use I can confirm that the sound quality is superior to prior echos. But that’s it, that is the only advantage. We replaced a 1st generation. Echo with this 4th generation device. It is the WORST echo we own (we also own 2nd and 3rd generation echo dots). The microphone does not pick up “Alexa” requests without raising our voice multiple times. The 1st generation tower may not sound as good but it works much better. Unfortunately cannot recommend. The microphone array in the first gen design works much better.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not turning on TV, Cable box and surround sound on at same time have to walk threw each	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's good except for the fact that it doesn't really listen to you. 80% of the time I say Alexa, it doesn't wake up or alert.	2	November 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It lasted just past the warrenty period and now it acts up constantly	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Audio is not the best and voice recognition is hit or miss with this generation.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It is definitely better but I expected more for the price	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Playing music at top volume is not as loud as my gen 1 Alexa.	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition sometimes do not respond and it have to be plugged to work.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognitionI have to yell at her at same level as my Tower heard me.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this unit to link with my Amazon Firestick to improve sound quality when streaming shows.  While the unit connected to wifi just fine, I could not successfully link it to my FireStick.  The apparent reason is that both devices must be on the same channel and frequency for the link to work which I could not successfully execute with my mesh wifi.  Aside from that the unit functions well and has very good sound quality.	2	November 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Massive rattling sound after just a couple months. ''Premium sound'' does not mean quality speaker, as I thought.Also goes off randomly, and wants to give me 3 ads in a row after I set an alarm. Scares my cats away from me, won't stop when I tell it to stop, generally more of a nuisance and inconvenience than anything else.If I could go less than one star I would. It's okay as a novelty toy for like, one week. Don't buy this.	1	February 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I feel like this one has a harder time with voice recognition than previous models.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Over Rated Item - Looks Nice but Other Echos Work Better, not worth the money!	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We've had this for almost a year and the sound comes through muffled 50% of the time. Also, any games we play will drop out randomly. I contacted customer support who told me to unplug it and plug it in every time the sound is muffled. That doesn't fix it and it's not a sign of quality to need to do that. They also said it was the game apps that are the problem, not the echo. The games work on all of our other dots and phone apps so it's definitely the echo. Maybe the previous generation was better, but the quality and support for their products is not their top priority.	1	November 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to repeat myself almost every time I ask or tell it something, and I have a loud voice, I almost have to yell at it, it is very frustrating.  My friend has the google version, and it works so so much better.  If I could return this garbage I would.	1	May 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Trying to come up with name of movie or something,  Alexa can about 50% help you	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa is just two spotty. Only works half the time. I think it's time to try another product	2	December 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This 4th generation sucks, I ask it questions and it acts like it doesn’t hear me, I have 3 rd generations ai have no problems with. Don’t buy this Echo find a 3rd generation......... after owning for 6 months it’s no better when I get notifications I can’t tell because the light is on the bottom unlike previous versions where it’s around the top. I’d rather have the 3rd generation	2	February 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Microphone sensitivity is too low. Have to raise my voice to be heard. It gets annoying. Need a software fix NOW!	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	No benefit from prior gen.  Sound not noticeably better.  2 days after return window closed drops connection often.  Frequently has no response to voice commands.  I have 4 units prior gen with no problems.  I would return it if I could.  Very disaappointed.	1	June 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This was a gift and I like it but wish it was the one with the clock display.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great, but the voice recognition is horrible! It won’t do what asked a few inches away!	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is great, but her microphone is horrible. When we talked to her, all the other alexas answer even when inches from her.	2	December 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker sound is mediocre. When I asked the time, Alexa told me then tried to sell me a t.v. Last week it (twice!) made a loud static sound that startled and horrified us, no idea what that glitch was, but it's too late to return it so I've unplugged it and lost the $.I want my Google back.	1	May 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was a gift and I really haven’t learned what to do with it	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s easy to set up but not impressed with the voice recognition	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new generation is hard of hearing! But sound is really good.	3	March 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The echo doesn’t seam to pick up command as good as two other smaller units do. Very disappointed	2	December 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It have no Chinese language	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not bad but sound not a lot different from my 1st generation	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker is just not what I expected. The sound quality is decent, the volume is subpar, but overall it's okay.	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Bad sound, still can't set up theater correctly, Alexa is only as good as it's skills/apps are written, pigging backing on skills and apps that fail	1	August 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Within one month, this new Echo stopped responding to ""Alexa"" for six times. Never happened my old Echos. I had to unplug and plug again to restart it. It worked but the unresponsiveness happened too often. The most ridiculous part is the customer service. I contacted both tech support and customer service representative - not helping. The last customer service told me that the only option was return - NO replacement. But the price went up by $30. If I return and buy it again, I have to pay extra money for it. Very disappointed!UPDATE:Amazon customer service reached out to me because of my review. I was kind of thrilled because they cared. The message said ""you may reply directly to this email"". I did. Then, I got this: ""You've written to an address that is not currently accepting incoming e-mails."" I am speechless......"	1	January 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is awesome and it fills large rooms with lots of quality sound. HOWEVER, it does not understand anything the first time and constantly talks to me without prompt. It seems dumber and less capable than my last-gen Dot. I don't know if it needs to learn or what but it most def is not going to be anything but a speaker in a couple of weeks if it doesn't improve.	2	January 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It takes two or three requests to get the device to respond!	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If the Alexa that I purchased had worked, I could write a review about it.  The Alexa Echo that I ordered did not function.  I tried for days to exchange it for one that worked but kept getting error statements when I tried to do that.  After four days of frustration, I just gave up and put in for a refund.  Now when I tried to buy it again the price has risen.  I guess we were not destined to have Alexa in our lives.	1	January 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mixed review. The sound quality was acceptable for streaming Amazon Music. It responded to my Alexa commands.However, the Echo did not meet my needs. I do not need an appliance for smart device control.  I wanted a speaker I could use while streaming any audio from my Kindle or phone including Prime Video, Netflix, Utube or Amazon Music.  I returned and purchased a Bluetooth speaker with better sound quality.	2	January 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased this Echo and multiple others for a home intercom Alexa features and music playback is great. However, the volume for communications like Drop-in, Announcements, and calls is way too low. It can be improved by raising the volume during a call, but once it goes back to music, it’s blaring. I’d imagine this could be fixed with a software update, but I just read that people have been experiencing this for two years.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a 4th generation Echo and a third generation Echo Dot, both purchased at the same time.  The dot is dead reliable, the 4th generation Echo periodically stops giving any kind of audible response.  I don't mean it stops working, it continues to control the lights and play music for a while, but if for example I ask it for the time, the blue light flashes and it says nothing.  If I unplug it and plug it back in it works for another week or so then same thing.  I finally gave up on it and replaced it with another third generation dot.Oh, and the 4th gen mishears me a lot more often than the dot does.	1	July 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If the volume is anything above a whisper it can’t hear me	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like the fact you can use Alexa for the fire stick Alexa is hit or miss the mic does not pick up my voice unless it's pretty quiet some times does not respond at all or I find myself  yelling to get Alex to hear  me I'm frustrated  but I love the idea if it worked better I would love this thing	2	April 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had the Echo 2nd gen and it was the best until it died.  This was really the only option to replace it and it's the worst.  I purchased it in June 2021 and it's completely failed.  It won't respond to queries - just spins a blue light on the base.  Will give a microsecond cut off response and then fail.  I've unplugged it.  I've done a factory restart and it's still failing.  What a piece of junk.  Give me back the old Echo 2nd gen.  Will look for one of those, but complete waste of money and ugly to boot.	1	October 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can’t tell difference from cheaper echo dots.Sound is the same :(	2	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Microphone seems less capable than first generation, mid and high tones seem muted.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not very good at playing specific episodes of podcasts even though I followed the instructions	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I like playing music from it but older echoes in other rooms hear me better frequently. Has made me late to work a few times because it doesn’t hear me set an alarm.	2	October 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I received this as a gift to replace the Gen 1 Echo. I waited a couple weeks since I couldn't find a reason to replace the previous version in the list of improvements. Eventually, I made the switch and gave the older version away. I should have waited before assuming it would be as good or better. The biggest complaint is that the microphone does not seem to work as well as the old Echo. I often have to say the wake word multiple times before it responds. A slightly lesser complaint is that the LED ring is at the bottom so don't put anything in front that will block it. The older version had the LED ring at the top and was taller so it was clearly seen when it was on.	1	April 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	would not respond to voice commands half the time bass is to high	2	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Bad design. Does not ""hear"" well. I have three a d they are all the same. I'm tired of screaming to get Alexa to hear me. Fabric covering gets dirty easily. Sound quality is questionable. Stick with the dot 3 and buy NON ALEXA auxiliary speakers. Support sucks too. I have a gen 4 that has stopped working completely a d Amazon will not replace it. I suggest trying google instead.UPDATE! Just switched to Google! GENIUS!...Google, not me!...ZERO problems, absolutely zero as in well, ZERO! Completely done with Alexa. I had 12 Alexa devices (Oh wait! Bulbs and plugs! Make that 30 compatable devices...all GONE!) GOOGLE IS FAR SUPERIOR! Hundreds of dollars wasted because I was being ""loyal"". Forget that! I can can not recommend any Alexa or Alexa compatible device!"	1	April 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	First review I’ve ever written here, have had this device for almost two years and not a day goes by without me having some sort of frustrating interaction with it, I’ve grown to hate it quite honestly. I’m probably never getting another Amazon speaker ever ever ever.	1	June 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Should the power cord be white?  - my Echo is black.... it’s not very attractive.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa STOPS playing and says “ Amazon music stopped due to no action”. Maddening as i have music playing as i read and then music STOPS ?????????	2	November 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My previous Echo didn't sound as good but it listened much better.  Getting this new one to respond and hear correctly is a real challenge.  Other devices in the house often answer even though I am right beside this one and the others are rooms away.I don't know if this is a hardware or software issue but it needs to be corrected.	2	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have owned almost every generation of Echo, and all of the different versions. This one is the most hard of hearing and/or lazy. She will alert when called and then not answer, no matter the distance from her. I won't be buying another ever. Echo Dots all work just fine and imo, the Studio version isn't worth the money.	1	April 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This unit is not as good as my Dot pertaining to voice recognition and response.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Been using echo for my smart home for years and I'm done at this point. I've turned off every suggestion setting possible and they just won't stop. ""turn the lights on"" ""OK, did you know I can now do blah blah blah just say l don't care to learn more""It's at the point where 60% of the time I ask the tempature or time or weather I get a 20 second advertisement for another feature. You can't turn it off and I paid too much for these to be advertised at all day long"	1	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Some times doesn’t want to go on , so have too unplug and restart which is vary annoying!	2	December 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa does not hear me sometimes, I would have to yell for her to hear me.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The product stopped working. One evening my boyfriend and ai were watching a movie when the echo came to life on its own, with some electronic sounding garbles coming out of it. I tried to unplug and plug it back in, didn’t work. I just tried it again today and it doesn’t even light up. Useless piece of technology.	1	April 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The older Alexa is clearer. I can't find a place to put this new Echo that doesn't have bad sound quality besides when I physically hold it up in the air.	2	October 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	3X more expensive to get the same amountof music as with the Echo Dot!!!	2	January 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this December 2020 it is now April 2021.  All of a sudden I'm having problems with this device.  I like the older model the taller ones better.I may have to try another device all together.  It works when it wants to and I find myself unplugging and plugging I'm so done.	2	April 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's a good improvement from sound perspective, the issue is with voice recognition. It appears that the Echo can't hear you as well as the 3rd gen Echo Dot (which I replaced with Echo 4), other echoes respond better from other rooms even when I'm closer to echo 4. Also I have to say that multiple commands stopped working in spanish since last update to Alexa.	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	for so much more cost it should be much louder	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It seem like She listens when she wants	3	April 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa doesn’t seem to hear me. I feel like I have to raise my voice.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We have loved our first generation Echo and finally decided to upgrade. This echo is terrible. The voice recognition is spotty at best and she is constantly “searching for the internet” (router is in the same room). Our echo dot picks up commands from another room before this does. Music will just stop playing randomly and the timers don’t work.  Very disappointed in this purchase. We ended up just plugging our first gen back in.	1	February 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Was intended to be a stand alone speaker. Sound quality does not warrant extra cost over basic echo...will be returning	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought 2 of these to replace my original echo dots. Mainly I was looking for their style and the better sound, but foolishly I expected the same performance. These don't understand me half the time, and the other half they can't work with the devices the dots operated effortlessly. The sound is meh, so I didn't get a huge upgrade there, either, it just has a lot more bass than the dots and there is much more to sound than bass. The app is clunky and slow, so that's not much help either. Amazon just doesn't seem to care anymore. I was an early customer of Amazon, but I'm really thinking about cutting my losses.	1	August 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo can answer some easy questions. It can also set up an alarm. Unlimited music you must pay for even though I am a Prime member. Not intuitive or easy to set up phone link with all my contacts. I believe you have to pay for a celebrity voice other than the one that comes with the device. I wanted to be able to change it's name but it had only 3 choices that echo had set up. Wasn't able to find out where that was either.In all it was not easy to set up all the features, privacy issues, additional costs for the music I wanted to hear, would not link with my wyze smart devices, and after anticipating something special I was disappointed. They need to add more features and hire folks that are tech challenged to have input into it's design.	1	December 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa is deaf, you have to scream at it to set it to respond	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is an improvement on the past generations but the voice recognition is REALLY bad. In a silent room it will say it cannot understand and ask me to repeat about 30-40% of the time or it will just flat out do the wrong command. Stay away!	1	May 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am not impressed. I’ve tried adjusting the equalizer and no matter what I do the music sounds muffled. My gen2 Echo sounds better then this with the tall cylinder design. I also don’t like the glow ring on the bottom. If I’m standing near it I can’t see If the ring is glowing at all.	2	July 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t buy refurbished!!!!!!!	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	My old echo was better....sorry I wasted the extra money!	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	If I could give this ZERO stars I would. The sound on this device is AWFUL! No volume, no bass, tinny-sounding with zero range. You’d be better off buying a $5 speaker off of Groupon.  Even listening to the weather on this Alexa device is tortuous.  I am astounded that Amazon would release such a poorly-crafted device that they claim they ‘upgraded.’  Let me tell you, I’d give ANYTHING to have my previous Alexa back that I traded in for this piece of garbage. What is truly confusing is that the normal-sized, new version of Echo (just a larger version of this) is an exceptional-sounding device.  Don’t make my mistake-hold your trade ins on this, and save up for the regular, new Echo. The Echo Dot is a piece of GARBAGE!	1	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was hard to set up.  Voice recognition is not good.  Have to repeat several times.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to integrate with other speakers in other rooms. Kept dropping off the wireless network	2	December 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa wont respond even if im 3ft away, but sound quality is amazing.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound isn’t that great for the “premium sound” model	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Barely hears us talking to it have to yell at it all the time	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The gen 4 Echo sounds good but the microphone doesn't pick up the wake word very well. I have to repeat myself all the time to get Alexa to respond. I am getting quite frustrated and will likely return it. Maybe the device is sleeping, not sure, but it doesn't respond nearly as well as my trusty Echo Plus 2nd gen.The other really annoying thing with these new models is the way it makes a beep when you change the volume. I called Amazon but there is no way to disable that. Horrible. Who thought it would be a good idea to make annoying beeping sounds? Terrible idea.Update: I ended up getting a replacement, but it's just as bad. It only hears me say Alexa less than half the time. Constantly have to repeat myself, I do not recommend, very disappointed.	1	December 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just stops outta no where in middle of songs at different times	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I can never listen to what I want to listen to because Alexa never understands what I want to listen to. I'll say an album and it will play something with a similar name that is popular Everytime. I don't have a music service to listen to basic commercial garbage. Also I'm getting real sick and tired of echo thinking I'm saying volume 10 instead of volume one late at night when everyone is sleeping.	1	February 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	While this has wonderful sound it is larger than I thought.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The tone and sound with music is muffled, not clear and sharp.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Update 2: Alexa mic does not seem as good as previous gen. We have to scream for it to hear us. Also there appears to be static with the music. I am going back to old unit. I would like to return this unit as I am not happy with it at all.Voice control does not seem as sensitive as older model. Sound it better through	2	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sounds quality is great! Bass is good and very loud.The microphones is awful! Alexa barely understands or plays some other artist when i specify on amazon music, while on the echo 3rd gen no problems at all.Also it lags from time to time as in the audio sounds faded. I reset it many times and im assuming it updates itself when activating it and it still does it.Rushed product IMO.	2	November 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The thing sounds great when it works. It doesn’t like Apple products and plays Amazon Music by default. I know the two music streaming services are in competition but it really hates Apple. I’ve played with the stupid settings over and over again but it’s petty Amazon would do this. Had I known it was so crappy with the Apple Music service I would NOT have bought this thing. But it sounds great when it actually works.	1	February 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition sucks on this version. I had the previous version and it was amazing. I think because the microphone was on the top and not where it is now. The other thing I dislike is the light ring being on the bottom. When I ask Alexa a question you could always see if it was listening. Now being on the bottom it’s hard to tell.	2	February 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality went down from 3rd Gen to 4th.  It is very boxy..	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon really let me down with this one. The sound on my 2nd gen echo was way way way better. Im a sound engineer and after hearing how good enough sound the gen 2 was giving, this HD sound version of the new echo actually got me really excited. But at the end it was a big disappointment. I even played with the EQ to give more mid and hi frequencies, still no luck. Just bad sounding machine if you want to listen music.	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound distinction of the individual instruments overlaps and somewhat muffed.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I keep mine on the counter.  With the blue “acknowledgment “ ring on the bottom I can’t see it.  It should be at he top.  I love my old Alexa devices.	2	October 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not like how there is no instructions to setup with just a computer with wifi.	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	You need to scream at it so it can hear you ..	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Once but I have to repeat 3-4 times sometimes,.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I liked this version really well until it stopped working properly within two months of when I bought it. Amazon replaced it, but had it watch for another few days before it malfunctioned, I would’ve been really unhappy.	2	September 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"""Upgraded"" from a nest mini but my Amazon Echo has significantly worse voice recognition. Sounds good but I can stand next to it, and it won't light up. My Google home could increase sensitivity and hear us from across a different room. Super bummed."	2	August 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very inconsistent voice recognition. Frequently Freezes when given instructions. Too late to return, but I've seen many blogs detailing the same issues. Maybe, just maybe Amazon will make good on this even though it's outside of the return range. I tried to be patient with it, because of all the Echo products I have that I've not had issues with and therefore missed the return threshold.	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Feel like the one before this one is better. Doesn’t hear me but the one that is 2 rooms away and older can hear me. Talked to them and the rep tried explaining acoustics and my walls but was stumped when I informed him that my older speaker works just fine in the same setting.	2	July 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great when it actually works. A lot of times it listens ( I can see the blue light) and then doesn’t do what I ask it, just shuts down. Maybe I just got a faulty one, I don’t have that problem with the other ones I have that I paid half the price of what I paid for this one!!	2	March 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is better than Dot's but could be crisper.	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound at low volume is bit muffled. Light is hard to see. Doesn’t recognize voice dependably	2	December 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa gets the songs wrong. only useful for jokes.	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I feel like I have been duped. My Echo sounds great and works well with my smart home. I have Echo devices in every room of my house. this one I got as may the main Echo to my dismay it never hears me the microphones are extremely bad. Sadly, the 9 Eco Flex picks me up and that is in a totally different room. Please make this Right!!!	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Couldn’t get the dam thing connected tried Bluetooth mini optical cord wouldn’t sync	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The only improvement over generation 1 is better sound quality.	2	January 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing.. no matter what I do won't stay in sync with lips.  I restart the echo.. I restart my fire stick I restart the tv.. it gets close to being in sync then about 30 seconds later starts slipping again.  I should know better by now.  My echo buds were a big fail too.  This is the last amazon product I'm going to buy.	2	December 10, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Unable to recognize WiFi when every other device in the house easily picks up the signal. The older dot had no issue at all.but this supposedly fancier premium echo is garbage. A big fricken paperweight. Product is so frustrating I may take it bowling just to get some kinda use out of it. Excitement to totally bummed in less than a minute. Not working when fresh out of the box I know happens but common. I had really looked forward to this.🥺😢	1	January 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Could not get Alexa to connect with my Wi-Fi.  I had downloaded the Amazon Alexa app and Alexia kept saying I needed the app which i had already downloaded and was using for set up.	1	June 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Audio seems flatter, the voice detection seems slower, design is definitely cooler	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My old alexa was amazing, thought this newer one would be even better.  No, it stops playing mid song, volume turns all the way down while playing music, sometimes makes a weird electrical noise before song plays.  Lastly, it almost never hears me or anyone when we say alexa.	1	May 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Microphones aren’t nearly as good as the 3rd generation echo dot I have. The lighted ring would be much more useful at the top of the ball. It does make better sound but the bass is overpowering. Honestly I wish I would have gotten a full-size 3rd generation echo instead. Amazon missed the mark on this one. Hopefully generation 5 will be better.	2	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound capturing much better on Dot	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Giving this one star because they lost my order twice. I purchased 2 of these before they were launched, and my first order was lost. So they replaced them, but I had to wait another month. Month later, they ""lost"" them again. how do you lose 2 new echo's twice? So I decided to return everything. Not even a sorry or could give me answer. Not sure if anyone else is dealing with the same experience, but defiantly lost business from me, and I will be switching over to Google home, or HomePod. If this is happening to you I recommend just going to best buy or a retailer who has it in stock, if you really want it. not sure if they are over promising and conveniently saying they lost the order twice because they don't have it, but save yourself some time."	1	November 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like Alexa generally but this one is defective and needs constant on and off to reboot and even then sometimes does not work.  This afternoon return window closed.	1	July 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 4 Echo speakers, 2 original cylinder and 2 of the shorter cylinder speakers, guess they are Gen 1 since purchased when first introduced, then the next ones introduced guess Gen 2.  Wanted another cylindrical speaker but only shape available is this Gen 4 round ball.  Have set it up and notice a bit better music sound and that is it.  I DO NOT LIKE THE ROUND speaker, it is too large, roundness is difficult to incorporate in home environment due to shape...unimpressed and sorry I purchased this ugly round Echo!	1	November 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a couple 1st gen Echos, 2 4th gen Echos, and a few generations in between in the home.This 4th gen echo is the WORST of all the echos I own.  Time and time again, the 4th generation echo never recognizes any of our voices.  In fact, when we yell loudly, the echo in the other room answers.  When it asks, is this is Echo you wanted to answer and we say no, it still doesn't fix the problem.  We're always yelling at our 4th gen echos.  We hate them.  I also hate the round form factor and the light on the bottom vs on top. 1 star for working when it does hear us.	1	April 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The only thing I really like about this is the sound quality. The integration sucks and that’s why I bought it. I will say that it turns my plugs on and off just fine, but that is it. I’ve tried to pair it with several devices and it just sucks. I only have it paired with my phone. I wished I’d bought something else.	2	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa portion works great.  However, the light is a the bottom of the ball - so you don't see it if you are near higher than it.  The sound is very muffled.  I have two of the old towers - and love the sound - so this is a downgrade, but it costs more. I have no time to return it - so there ya go.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not worth $99.99. No way. The $69.99 sale price is borderline acceptable.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not happy. My 3rd generation echo is better. The microphones don’t work as well on the new one, and sound doesn’t travel as well in the room with this new one. Amazon clearly only updated the shape of the 4th generation to keep generating new sales. Bleh. What a disappointment, as I love my 3rd generation. Will probably return and buy one of the remaining refurbished 3rd generation.	2	January 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Goes dead every couple of weeks, have to power off/on. Poor voice recognition. You can be 4 feet away, give it a command and it just goes dark again. After multiple times it MAY finally do what you want. While away had it configured to turn on all lights of it sensed movement. Got home and it was dead requiring a power off/on. Some security system?! JUNK.	1	March 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is ok, does not always respond on first try	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I replaced my Gen 1 Echo with the new Gen 4.  I don't really care for it.  It seems huge and the sound seems muffled to me.  Voices at Vol 4 are fine but music Vol 4 is too loud.  Music is fine at Vol 3 but her voice is too low at Vol 3.  I'm giving this one to my daughter and ordered the Gen 3 for myself.	2	October 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The overall sound quality of this generation is noticeable less than my first generation Echo. Yes it's cheaper, but I would rather pay the difference and have better audio quality. The only reason I purchased these is because of their ability to set up a home theater using a 4K Firestick which the first gen can not do. I will be returning these and trying the Echo Studio.	2	January 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	this has know issue by amazon i do not recommend this item. it will freeze on you. gett a replacement is a problem as Amazon will send it to any address on your acc. then have you on phone for over an hour trying to fix their mistake. asking you to verify info you do not need to verify as it is their mistake that caused the problem in the first place.	1	February 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not the same quality as my first gen echo.	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	sounds good but cant  connect with apple music through airplay	2	January 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sister device stopped working after 3 months but kept losing connection since day 1. This is a junk. Customer service just said that limited warranty expired after 90 days. This is shorter than warranty on any other electronic devices. It loses connection every day.  You spend more time trying to set or reset it up than getting anything useful out if it. Plus it keeps offering ads and adds useless stuff into your Amazon shopping bag. It’s just a piece of useless junk that keeps upselling  other useless Junk.	1	December 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The unit does not recognize my voice frequently, and is slow to respond, if at all.	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's all right. Sometimes has trouble figuring out what I say.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We received the new Alexa and two new dot versions.  Attempted to create a home sound system with one of the dots controlling external blue tooth speakers mounted in our ceiling.  The new devices are still not able to sync correctly.  Moving on to other sound systems.  It'll be the last Amazon speakers we purchase.  Disappointed.	2	March 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Echo will NOT play Spotify no matter what I do. I have 3 other devices which play Spotify. I have reset numerous times, reloaded the app, reset accounts. Nothing resolved this Spotify issue.When trying to output via headphone jack to a receiver, half the time it does not play anything. Often a song will play then nothing else even though playing from a playlist or channel.I have also had issue playing SiriusXM although not as many problems as with Spotify.Not a good experience with this Echo device.	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 4 Alexa devices scattered throughout my apartment. This is our newest unit. It consistently stops playing music, misunderstands us and loses connection despite being the closest unit to our wifi. When it plays it sounds great. But completely frustrated with it's performance bugs.	2	August 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo G4 definitly not an upgrade.  Sound quality is slightly better than G3, but voice recognition is terrible!  It often doesn't recognize what you say and most of the time you I have to repeat thevcommand three times.  I've even had to repeat as many as five times!!!  How do you go backwards on an upgrade?  I wouldn't recommend.	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Its honestly mediocre.	3	May 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Does hear as well as the older models	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this item to utilize the smart home hub function.  I have not been able to connect anything to the smart home hub and in fact I cannot determine that a smart home hub actually exists on this device.  I have sent a detailed set of questions to the help desk and to date have not gotten a response.	2	February 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It barely get it right	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This model does not pick up voice commands very well.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought this primarily for the speaker and though it is listed as ""premium sound"", it doesn't sound very premium to me. Even with the EQ cranked up, the highs are missing and music sounds really flat. The giant red ring when the mic is off is highly annoying."	2	July 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Currently can't distinguish between my Pandora station, My Dark Shade, and Amazon's own Dark Shade station.  Also, for the Echo and both Echo Dots I got just before it, I seem to have to yell  to get them to wake up to accept a command, more often than not.But the Amazon staff have been quick and very forthcoming in their responsiveness.  Thank you, Isaiah.	2	December 4, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Barely maintains connection and doesn’t hear even when we’re standing right beside it.	2	December 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not respond to voice prompts as well as my original echo.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	To be fair we haven’t checked into this fully however when we ask for a new station the news that is broadcast is from the prior day.We are trying to find out why this happens don’t know exactly who to contact about itWith everything that’s going on with the Internet and social media’s that could be an issue not quite sure yet	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The absolute worst Alexa Echo. Sound levels change randomly.  Inconsistent speaker direction--will sometimes play on a different device in a different room. Listens indiscriminately, that is to private conversation without being specifically activated-- snoops! Ignorescommands such as to play a specific song or sound (running water).Ignores feedback. Irregular and idiosyncratic activation and performance.,	2	April 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Ugly, doesn't listen, white cord? Like the other one better	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Don't understand you.Sound quality good.	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This 4th Gen Alexa is horrible. Its full of bugs. It changes volume on alarms to 0 constantly. It randomly stops listening to you. I have a Gen 3 Alexa Eco Dot in the next room. It responds more than the 4th Gen Alexa does. When you call tech support they openly refuse to help, saying that it works perfectly despite my explanation of what I've been going through. This 4th Gen Eco is garbage. I would not recommend.	1	January 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	We’ve owned multiple Alexa-enabled devices for years and always loved them. This one has beautiful design but after two years it stopped connecting to the wifi. Tried every trick available and nothing. Such a shame - looked like a great product.	1	May 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Lack of personalization for it	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I love this new Alexa gray and stylish BUT you send a White Cord with it. Very disappointed to say the least. I wish it had a black cord. That is why the 2 stars, works and sounds great just the cord!!!! Sad....	2	August 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Was ok	3	May 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound was not that impressive and that was the Echo w/premium sound. For the money, get the gen. 3 only because you want to spend money...AI was not that impressive. Why won't it call 911? That number is in my contact list...it will call anyone else out of the list but not that....well, I sent them back with all the reasons listed....	2	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The volume is not too great on this item	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	see above,  replaced older dot in my bedroom	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	As many have written, the 4th gen Echo is a big step backwards with regards to waking up upon command. To put it in perspective, I have older generation Dots that wake up from other rooms while the new Echo stays asleep. Very frustrating microphone performance.Other than that, it looks good and music quality is improved from previous generations as well.	2	January 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Order in Nov. 2020 and in about a years time it has become junk. It constantly freezes up to were the blue light is solid all the time. The only way to fix it is to unplug it for a while and it works for maybe a week at most then have to unplug it again.  Sometimes has only worked for a day and have to unplug it again. Waste of money.	1	January 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	After Wink started charging for something they said they would never charge for I started looking for other solutions.  When I discovered that this 4th gen had a Zigbee controller built in I figured I'd give it a try.  Zigbee control worked for a whole week.  After spending hours pairing devices, setting up groups and routines, everything stopped working after 1 week.  All the lights started turning on at random.  Spent over 2 hours chatting with tech support, trying all the standard fixed, unplugging,  resetting,  uninstalling,  reinstalling,  repeating setup, nothing worked.  I'll get the start over all again when the replacement is sent, but this has burned many hours of my time so far, very annoying.	1	February 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this Echo solely to have one less smart home hub to plug in by using the onboard hub on the 4th generation.  Replaced 1st gen with this 4th gen.  Voice recognition is AWFUL, the 1st gen across the room  with the tv on is better than 4th gen in a quite room with no other electronics.  It's been 7 months and is no better.  Check voice recordings and they are clear as a bell, and the 3 other older Echos I have understand my voice with zero issues.  Save your money and scream into a pillow instead, less frustrating and more rewarding.	1	July 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not pair with Sonos speakers	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	My echo routinely lagged and would freeze and drop whatever it was doing. Ended up returning and trying something else.	1	August 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	should be more compatible with other streamer services	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds better than original Echo, but doesn’t hear nearly as well.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality/clarity was not what I was looking for.  Returning	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new echo will not connect to the echo sub which it says it will… Tech-support does not know why… The sound from this thing is about that of a third generation Echo Dot. I am highly disappointed in this unit. If you want an echo, find a third generation unit. They sound twice as good as this thing does and work twice as fast	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Lo Compre en prime day pensé que sería nuevo pero recibí uno repotenciado en caja genérica sin embargo funciona bien algunas veces no escucha cuando le hablas pero creo que todos son así por lo que he leido	2	August 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality of these echos is great for the price. I have two set up as a stereo pair as a TV sound bar alternative. Unfortunately, the Alexa/smarthome features rarely work. I have reset, updated, and reconfigured them multiple times to the same extent of “I’m having trouble doing that” — that being turning on/off a light that the device had no problem working with 30 minutes prior. I want to love this product, but the cost of these speakers with the addition of smart home bulbs, plugs, devices, etc. they should all work for the amount of money users invest into the entire setup.	1	July 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My 1st Gen Echo had great sound, but sadly died.This Gen of Echo has such muffled sound! It's like the speakers are under water.But so nice that for $130 more you can get one with better sound!!!I think Amazon is slipping. I now have podcasts that stop randomly so I have to go to a different source for my podcasts. Some of my skills do not work because the account linking is not working properly.Might be time to go to a different privacy stealer like Google's Home product!	1	November 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	4th generation, no where near the quality of 3rd generation, drops connections all the time, doesn't hear commands, won't connect to fire tv.  Only thing that's better is speaker sound, but that's only when you can get blue tooth to work, definitely not worth the upgrade.	2	July 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Speaker works well, microphone for commands does not! I constantly find myself having to repeat commands, over and over again. Do NOT buy the gimmicky S. Jackson voice hoping to replace Alexa as he drops out before you can finish a command if you can even get him to respond. I switched from google home to Alexa but am really regretting this decision so far!	2	December 10, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	After 4 years of the original amazon echo, my husband and I decided it was time to upgrade.  The original started glitching quite frequently and voice recognition was deteriorating.  We decided to stick with echo since we had enjoyed the original for so long.  However upon receipt of the new echo, despite better sound quality, we immediately found voice recognition was even worse.  Not to mention having to make the same request 4 to 5 times before the new echo responded.  Additionally it frequently cuts out when playing music then begins playing again minutes later.  Had we not wiped and recycled the original echo, I would have it plugged back in and this one sent back.  Highly regret purchasing this echo.	1	January 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Quality of sound from speaker not so great	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 2 earlier versions of the echo dot, which I keep in my office and bedroom. I thought an actual full size echo would be a better fit for my open living room/kitchen area. Not. At. All. This thing doesn’t pick up on ANYTHING I say. I’m not just repeating myself, I end up yelling to get it to hear me. I live in a 1000 square foot apartment - that is asinine. The worst part? (And this should be very embarrassing for Amazon.) My echo dots tucked away in other rooms will hear me and comply. *palm to forehead* Do not waste your money on this thing, it’s not even an attractive paper weight.	1	April 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m not a big fan of the echo or Alexa. It doesn’t respond well or understand requests. Comes across as “woke” and won’t respond to questions it deems inappropriate. IT IS NOT A PERSON AND DOES HSVE RIGHTS OR EMOTIONS. IT IS AN OBJECT THAT DOES MY BIDDING. IM ABOUT TO DITCH THIS JUNK FOR SOMETHING BETTER	1	March 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This 4th gen version of the Echo struggles to hear commands and requests. Additionally, it will play static at times when I play music over several devices when the other devices continue to play music.I have eight other echo devices throughout my home and this new version performs the worst.	2	May 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Speakers sound like a mid 90s CD player.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Use for living Room	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have to repeat myself too much	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	When a timer goes off. It must go beep-beep your timer is done 4 time before it is willing to listen to you cancel the timer. What a flaming piece of canine excrement. Maybe the 5th gen product will try to do so much that it will actually be incapable of accomplishing anything.	2	April 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This PREMIUM sound is very disappointing.  This has the lowest quality sound of any speaker I have ever had.  This sounds like it is coming from a card board box. I would recommend not buying for the premium sound as advertised,  because it isn't.	2	June 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Black ball with a white cord. Whats up with that.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	First Amazon product I've ever had that malfunctioned after just 2 years. Waste of money and a fire hazard.	1	August 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	As i said before, the sound quality  of the “premium sound” Echo is noticeably less than my  “regular” Echo which stopped working for no reason one day.Not happy having to spend another $100 for no reason, and getting an inferior product.	2	August 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tried to use it as bluetooth device for my tv and the sound volume is changed to very low compared to normal mode.. Tried increasing the volume but it didn't work well	2	September 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds good	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The product worked as intended and then the speakers blew after four months of moderate use. Amazon return policy requires original packaging to get any sort of refund and warranty is only for 30 days. Guess the build quality on this item is as bad as Amazon customer service.	1	April 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Takes lots of time to set up	2	January 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor mic and Bluetooth connectivity compared to my dots and older echo	2	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The unit is very good, BUT if you replaced, like us an old unit, the cylindrical shaped kind, it won't retain the same music line up. Most of the songs you may have loved to hear are now erased from the program: you must get the 'unlimited' option, for extra pay (though Prime has already raised the cost) A shameful way to make a few more bucks, uh?	1	February 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Goole's music speaker is far superior in quality to Alexa. I am very disappointed in the quality of the sound when playing music. The voice is difficult to hear compared to Goole. I have no interest in either products. Just wanted people to know there is a remarkable difference in quality.I purchased Alexa because it have 3 additional speakers. I truly regret my purchase. Being disabled it difficult for me to box up and return.The depth and quality from google doesn't even compare to Amazon's music products. Also you need to buy a subscription to have continuous music. Google plays for hours without  a subscription.	1	June 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing just doesn’t seem to work.  This is my fourth echo device and the third generation just works much better.  If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.  The setup is easy like all echo devices. The sound is good, but not certain any better than the 3rd generation. The microphone is BROKE.  It does not respond to me most of the time. But, the other Echo devices will respond rooms away.  I wished I had believed the reviews about the bad microphone. There is something wring with the microphone in this device.  Do not buy it until Amazon gets it fixed. I would gladly exchange this 4th generation for a 3rd generation.	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update to 1 star; originally 3 starsMicrophone struggles to pick up commands; Echo devices further away or in different rooms tend to hear me better than this one even when this one is substantially closer.Audio is louder than the Dot, but sound quality is not substantially improved.Do not like that the notification ring is at the bottom, but with the spherical design there are limitations the previous versions of cylinder-design doesn’t offer.For an Echo device that doubles as a Higbee(and future promises of Ring) hub, it is a step up from the Dot. Not sure if the additional price tag is worth it.Red color is a nice touch, but my little kids keep wanting to play with “the ball”	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	No battery (to walk around still on)	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	There is a long lag time between my command and the response.Does not hear me from 3 feet awayVery disappointed in device!! like mu original Alexa better. I thought it would take some time for her to learn but time has not helped. Maybe I have a faulty product!!!!	2	May 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love the sound on the new Echo gen 4, however the power supply is something to be desired. Length is non existence had to use extension cords. Also why would you put a white power supply on a black Echo. Getting lazy in the electronics.	2	June 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	To bunch of BS to ding was in perfect condition I sent it back for the credit and got the new one and they sent it back to me told me it was no good me while the things perfect tall is Scam don’t believe them and don’t buy it	1	April 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	will not connect to wifi	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I left a previous review for the device itself, which I do like. That being said, after I set it up and placed this on my dresser in the bedroom, when I picked it up later for dusting it had eaten a ring into the finish! Nothing else was ever put onto or under this--it was taken out of the box and set up and left alone. No excuse for this. Obviously some chemical in the plastic base that will ruin your furniture. Beware, put a coaster or something under it to be safe!	1	October 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can not get it to work on its own,	2	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not listen well.	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Al parecer la calidad del micrófono no es muy buena. Cuando se le habla a Alexa cuesta que responda y ya probamos subiendo el volumen. Es algún problema de diseño supongo. El audio es bueno pero la audición de Alexa deja mucho que desear	2	July 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	can't change female to male voice.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Music and weather. Some location information	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Dose not sync well	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	When used with Alexa Guard, this product displays a constantly spinning white light. This white light is supposed to turn off when you switch the Guard mode from Away to Home, but it frequently fails to do so. The light is irritating when you’re awake and the room is well lit, but maddening in a darkened room if you’re trying to sleep. We currently have a towel draped over the Echo in our bedroom.No workaround I’ve found consistently fixes this, and I’ve found several two-year old comment threads complaining about the issue. Leaving this review in hopes that the product team takes notice and prioritizes a fix.	1	May 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	just too big for me	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I was so excited to find a special edition red Echo 4! But then I plugged it in.""Alexa  play NPR"" (pre-set in my Alexa app as default news channel). ""I don't know that one,"" was her answer. ""Alexa, turn on lamp!"" (I have a couple of smart light bulbs around the house.) The device is not responding.""And then there was the constant need to repeat everything 3 times.Needless to say, Echo 4 is back in the box, ready to go to UPS store and my Echo 2 is back on the counter  working like a charm.The sound is not as good but at least Alexa does as she is told..."	1	March 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor following commands. Very disappointed	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon customer service has no clue why and can't help. It's okay for music.	2	November 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The unit is jet black.The power cord is white.It looks like I bought 2 leftover parts from a flea market.Horrible design.	1	July 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	sound quality is not premium at all	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Has a hard time understanding me told it to play a song by a artist and it played the artist station or will play songs by different artists so frustrating speaker sounds great but what good is it if she can’t understand me correctly	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We have a number of Echo devices around our house and this generation is terrible. Tow main flaws that drive me nuts:1) it doesn’t recognize voices. Neither my voice nor my husband’s deeper voice register. We have to repeat ourselves over and over until we’re exhausted and give up. It’s truly aggravating2) the bass. WTF? “Premium sound” apparently sounds like a teenager’s car with the stereo turned up and vibrating against the window. Even if I turn the bass all the way down, it makes this yucky vibrating noise when it plays music. I’ve tried everything to balance the sound to no avail.Our older Echo is much preferred to this one. The only thing we like is that it’s red.	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not very Loud	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I recently purchased an Echo after an earlier purchase of an Echo Dot-3. I can be close to the Echo and attempting to ask Alexa something, yet she answers on the Echo Dot which is in another room far away. The mic on the new Echo is garbage. Sound is nice and very full, but having a faulty mic ruins the experience.	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Limited to accessing older songs that 2006	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is exceptional for a smaller device. Just make sure you pick a song you like because once it starts playing the microphones will not pick up your voice for any commands. You will end up yelling as loud as you can to get its attention. I replaced my original Echo and the microphone on that one is multitudes better than the new option.	2	November 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound seems to lack enough Base	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound not as good as original echo	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	So temperamental. I own like 7 Amazon devices (echo, firestick, etc.). No idea what this one is supposed to do differently (better speaker, perhaps) - I assumed more advanced technology in some right - but it’s none of that. I prefer the previous versions. Literally causes me more stress than like turning off the lights manually or watching a video from my laptop.	2	November 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s bad when my dots in other rooms hear me before this one does, the microphones are poor and being this should be the main product I’m using you’d think it would be better as far as hearing you. Otherwise when it hears you it works ok. Sound could be better I believe🧐	2	March 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Build in microphone is absolutely terrible have to be standing right on top of it	1	August 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I used the system for home use	2	January 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was looking for something a little louder.  Something with Power.	2	December 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is great but thre microphones are terrible.  Have to constantly repeat myself when reusing something from the device.  I prefer my 2nd, 3rd gen echo and my echo pluses to this new style.Their sound is actually directional, which sucks unless you're right in front of it.Don't waste your money upgrading, you'll not br satisfied.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like my music and this newest model doesn’t have the power or sound quality. Probably going to return.	2	October 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Warning, there is a serious downward compatibilty issue.not all echos play together well.After 1 hour on the phone (Great Support he tried) Got it to KINDA work…… .unless you buy simular generation models, your playing with fire	2	July 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	no clock build in	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I may be returning all this as well as lodging complaints with BBB, Amazon and art. When I try to get support I am sent to a site that charges for the help. If you won't stand behind your products you might lose any business I can influence	2	April 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered this for my kitchen so I can listen to playlists and music.  When I ask Alexa to play full albums of an artist, only one song plays from the entire album. I wish I had kept the box because I would return it in a heartbeat .HUGE regret!	2	March 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Upgraded my original Echo gen 1 to gen 4 because I hoped it'd solve some of the issues, but it's worse than the original after over 4 years. Shipping took months, light at the bottom is dumb and I can't see it. Turned on sound to hear at beginning of request and it makes two different sounds at the same time so it sounds like 2 different echos heard you. But most of the time it doesn't respond at all - I often repeat the same  command 3 or more times at increasing levels of volume and frustration. Buttons to change the volume are worse than the original volume spinner.	1	March 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I literally need to yell at this thing for it to work.My 3rd generation upstairs picks up my voice while I'm yelling at this which is useless because I put all my smart devices in groups. If I say turn on the light, the one upstairs will turn on the light instead of this. I don't understand why the mic sucks so bad	1	February 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	To control cable and tv operations.	2	January 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am going to return this.  The sound quality when connecting it for a Bluetooth speaker is crap.  Volume is all the way up and when Alexa answers a question it is super loud but when connected via Bluetooth, it isn't above a whisper.  This is me connecting it to the fire tv cube and also tried it on my phone since I was trying to figure out if it was just the Bluetooth capability because of the fire cube.  This thing sucks and my old echo is louder.  Guess I'll be buying that sound bar instead.	1	June 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Got this as gift from my son-in- law, who works for AWS.  Pretty good to start.Quality has gone down in the last month.  Initially I liked it, the only complaint being the light Ring is on the bottom of the device instead of the top.  This makes it a little harder to see.But now, after a couple months the sound quality when playing music is horrible.  Sounds like a cheap car stereo with the speakers blowen.  Now this is only when I play music.  When she is talking sound quality is fine, but I use it primarily for listening to amazon music.	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Over the last week all my echo devices randomly deregisters themselves at the same time every few days. I can fix all of them so they get back but the problem recurs. I cannot get tech support to identify there is a bigger problem here. they are happy with me buying all new echos to replace my old ones (including the 4th gen echo I just bought) to fix the problem. Somehow they think that miraculously all my echo had the same hardware problem at the same time.  The right thing to do here is admin they have bugs and fix them. instead they rather just piss away customer time and make them wastefully spend money.	1	January 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don't buy this! Dies after 1 year. Stopped responding to commands and giving alerts.	1	August 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	would be nice if i needed it	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Buen producto.. pero no llego el correcto	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Everything was working great with my alexa till I realized the bass was actually horrible. I also am pretty sure I was sold a dud because sometimes the audio cuts out and it sounds VERY muffled. Disappointed because I got it as a Christmas gift and it didn’t even last a few months.	2	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Music is great sounding	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We love Alexa devices in my house, but are disappointed with this iteration.  In our experience, this generation does not understand voice commands as well as other devices we own.  Using this generation was very frustrating for us. The sound quality is nice, but not dramatically different than the previous generation.  We returned this device.	2	January 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	After enjoying our Gen 1 Echo for years, I said let’s upgrade! Huge mistake.  I have had for 3 days and have had more issues with it then in 3+ years of our Gen 1. I have to continue to reset it as have dealt with low sound but mostly not responding to voice.  The only issue we ever had with old echo was occasionally dropping off from multi speaker play but this is way more frustrating and the thing is brand new? It is most likely getting returned.  Ps I also recently got an echo dot gen 4 and after a month of it working great, sound quality became staticky. Poor job on this generation of echos Amazon.	1	December 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The 4 the gen echo loses the internet connection frequently and I have to reboot it. Also seems like I have to repeat myself a lot and it is slow to respond. Our older echo dots work a lot better.	2	July 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have about 8 echo devices ranging from version 1 to current.  All have been great and have held up well.  This newest model is the most buggy out of all.  Initially, I thought the sound was improved like advertised, but then, it began having issues recognizing commands and intermittently the sound is really off - often sounding like the sound EQ is off - like an AM radio.  Then, other times it is fine.  Usually have to unplug and plug back in to fix.  Really disappointing and would not be able to recommend.  Just received at the holidays so only used for 2 months.	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	easy to use	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone does not work well. Voice recognition is really bad even if you are in the same room. I usually end up having to scream at it in order to pick up my voice which is pretty embarrassing when you have neighbors so close. I wish I would have read more reviews before purchasing.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just purchased this product 45 days ago only been using it for 30 days. Keep hearing static and half the time she doesn’t listen, should have a better Return policy for the price	1	May 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	9 months in and now whenever Alexa turns on I get a loud burst of static while she is talking or any other sound is played. Unable to get a replacement apparently at this point. Not worth the money if it breaks so quickly.	1	April 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just received the new Echo in Charcoal. Works great! But instead of receiving a black cord to go with the color of the Echo. We have a bright white power cord. Ordered the Charcoal because our kitchen has a dark tile background and gray granite counter top. Now we have a bright white cord that stands out. Very disappointed!	2	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love the Echo. This is my 3rd one in 14 months. Sadly, the other 4th generations have not lastes longer than 6 months. If this one dies, I won't get another 4th gen.Updated: this one only lasted 4 weeks. Terrible experience with this model. Unable to connect to wifi after losing connection. Tried to establish again and router cannot find it with the Echo next to router. I have two other Echoes, which both work great.	1	December 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is replacing a 4 Year old tall style Alexa the stopped working.The sound quaiily is somewhat better, but that is the only plus.Voice recognition is much worse.  Sometimes it is like she is not listening at all.Controls are less convinient.Old model was superior.	2	February 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not respond or hear the wake up word. Does not understand what is being asked. Repeats things when you tell it to stop. Very disappointed in this 4th gen, after having all the others this is deeply disappointing, I bought it for my daughter for Christmas, wish I would of bought an older generation.	2	January 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I did not but the woofer.	1	September 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m sure this is a great smart speaker, however the one I received is a lemon. I can’t get it to connect to the Internet or Bluetooth even following the instructions multiple times.	1	May 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"We purchased this Alexa to replace an older model but we could have kept the older one. We have to constantly repeat our request and then she gives an ""out of space"" answer to our question. We sent one back already and am very tempted to return this one as well."	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wish I could return it. It’s far from worth it. We had to unplug it. Offered to my nephew and he said no way. Obviously this unit has issues I didn’t know about when I purchased it. The bottom line is it malfunctions often	2	May 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought two black Alexas and may send both back. They have white power cords! I have all dark furniture in my living room and master bedroom and am very particular about how things look. the white power cord stands out like a cheap extension cord. Why Amazon, why in the world would you do this? Very stupid design flaw.	2	November 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It can't pick up my voice as good as the prior model. In fact, I say something and my upstairs older model takes the command when I'm just a few feet away from this new model. The blue light is at the bottom so I can't tell if it's working or not.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speakers on this product are good, sounds are clear and crisp with good bass. Unfortuanlly the microphone is terrible, it's always hard of hearing and for me it stopped working all together about once a day. The only way to fix the non-working microphone is to recycle the power. Not a very good smart speaker if it never hears you. I own previous generations of the Echo dot and have never had this type of problem. Reading other reviews, it appears that I'm not alone with my complaints of the microphone, the 4th generation Echo dot looks like a generation to skip, do not buy this product if you expect it to listen to you.	1	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition needs works, and this often requires being unplugged and plugged back in for the physical volume buttons and action button to work. They will simply stop doing anything until the device is unplugged and plugged back in, which is not at all convenient.	2	May 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Monthly fee is too high	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Over priced	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Came with the ugliest white cable.  I don't care how good it  sounds...cheap, ugly white cable is a deal-breaker.	1	July 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love it. Sounds great. Picks up voice great. Really nice device.It's SO stupid that a company the size of Amazon selling as many units as they do on this thing....THEY CAN'T BE BOTHERED TO USE A DIFFERENT COLOR PLASTIC ON THE CORD!?BE AWARE - No matter what color you order you will get a WHITE power cable. The cord should match the unit color AND should have the same fabric feel as the unit. This small detail would add so much more of a premium feel to the experience. I cannot believe they overlooked it.	1	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was unable to connect the device to my internet, even with hours of intervention by your technicians.	1	August 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I really enjoyed all my alexa’s until I received an email to day from Amazon that said that “Alexa has discovered my printer” I never add my printer , never want my printer on Alexa. My concern is what else is Alexa “discovering and attaching to on my LAN without me asking?	2	February 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	often staticy. when playing on a group speaker setting. sounds like the old fax machine sound then cuts off. Hope others have had a better experience. Will not buy again. Also must repeat commands I believe the mic doesn't hear me. I have no problems with my echos. Infact they hear me too good.	2	January 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not impressed with this model compared to the 2nd and 3rd generations. The mic is terrible.  It is in the exact same spot I have had 2 prior models and we have to yell to get it to listen and in fact the Alexas in other rooms hear us over this one.	2	January 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Inconsistently responds to the wake word.	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Now I have about $200 in echo devices that are going to be gathering dust, because I have tried for DAYS to find a place to download my free Alexa app to get them going.  There should be a telephone number SOMEWHERE to talk to a REAL person when one is having problems, but so far, no number.I guess I'll put one on top of the other, get a christmas ornament and it use them for a christmas tree	1	December 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Gives very wrong response most of the time. Mic volume on drop in calls in unusably quiet. Often does not respond at all to request for things like ""play xyz"" or will respond but not actually do anything. Overall useless product that causes more frustration than any benefit."	1	March 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This new echo sucks.  It is a huge ball that takes up a ton of space.  Voice recognition is horrible.  Trying to set a timer it sets it in a different room.  I want my old one back.Update 1/27/2020A rep from Amazon called and after discussing the issues with him I have decided to return this.  I wish I could get my Gen 1 back. It was so much better.  I have moved a Gen 1 from another location to where I had this one and it works flawlessly.  The engineers who designed the Gen 4 need to go back to the drawing board.	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice sounds hidden.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Too much base in sound	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Ok	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's a great piece of equipment and works well. Sound quality is great and voice recognition is top tier. However when I purchased this 3 months ago I paid over 100$ as a pre-order and to see that my $106 piece of equipment is now selling BRAND NEW for under $30 is a slap in the face.	2	November 27, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought it for speaker quality, which is improved from my 2nd gen model.  Overall value is much less, due to the extreme difficulty in getting the unit to hear voice commands.  Did you forget to build in microphones??  I have to scream at the darn thing.  Plus, the white cord is crap 👎🏻	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The product did not provide a clear premium sound as expected.  It was a normal sound I not worst.	2	October 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Static Noises middle of the night	1	September 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not only is it bigger than the third generation, it does not seem to have the quality or understanding of the third generation. It often misunderstands us or if we are playing a game, it will stop in the middle or not respond to our answer, etc. We are actually quite disappointed and thinking about returning it.	2	December 10, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Music sounds great considering what it is, but the voice recognition is getting worse over time. If it responds at all, it often does the wrong thing or adds the wrong thing to the shopping list.	2	August 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone on this new Echo version is even less sensitive than the last version. It often does not hear the wake up word. Frequently one of my echo dots in another room will respond instead.  I do not recommend this version unless Amazon can increase sensitivity with future software update.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I've have most of the amazon devices, but I don't know if it is the microphone placement in these or somthing else, but it does not seem to hear ""Alexa"" nearly as well as the older models. I ofter get responses from units in another room when talking to this unit."	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased two of these devices for the sole purpose of establishing a ""home theater"" sound system with my Insignia Amazon Fire TV. Found out that they do not work with the Insignia Fire TV. Why in the heck would Amazon not permit these devices to connect to another device that is promoted as Amazon compatible. Such a waste of time to order, set up, contact support and then have to box up, drive to UPS and return the items!!! Why not simply advise in the listing that these units would not work with the Insignia TV (or any other Fire TV)? I am getting really frustrated with Amazon lately and considering getting out of its system completely."	1	November 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I did not have a good voice recognition. Many times had to repeat what I wanted to know.	2	October 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We were upgrading from an older generation echo and had the new echo for about 45 minutes. I’m in the process of packing it back up to return it. The mic on this thing is terrible, it took 5 tries to get a song request right which was rarely a problem with our old echo.	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Model 2 better than model 4	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	To be honest, I just upgraded all my Alexa devices and they really don't do anything better than the previous versions, perhaps the speaker is a bit better, but I can tell you the voice recognition is significantly worse than the previous generation.  Definitely not worth the money to upgrade!  Sorry Amazon!	2	November 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is a terrible version of the Amazon Eco...all I do is yell at this worthless contraption. Completely frustrating!! This paper weight is like having a third child that never listens to you!	1	May 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is poor	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Doesnt hesr very well	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t know yet	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to hear you	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Refuse	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I was an early adapter of the original Echo...and the sound was fantastic. Unfortunately It was knocked over and broken. I purchased this Echo (4th generation) and  was immediately disappointed with the muffled sound. My Spotify and Sirius suck on this version.Only bright side is the round design and low propensity to knock over.	2	October 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	We were going to return this but decided to keep it. Needless to say we should have returned it. The good side is that the sound is crisp and very nice. The downside is that it recognizes nothing we say. We often have to repeat directions multiple times. It’s annoying.	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Initially, I was in love with this little device, all the wonderful little things that it could do.Until the electricity goes out.THEN that wondrous little toy becomes a miserable little nightmare.  I have to go through and set up EVERYTHING again.  From all the Alexa settings, fighting endlessly to re-connect, and re-programming all the little device settings.Now, I cannot set it up, at all.  Which means, it and all of my connected devices, are USELESS.I've reset the device, I've uninstalled and re-installed the app, I've called Tech Support.  Nothing has helped, and it's as useful as an interesting brick.	1	January 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Esta hablando y se para de la nada, o no se activa cuando le digo alexa	1	August 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Originally I said ""Much improved sound from an Echo device"" and that is still true. But now, we have a problem. Up until the last couple of weeks, when I tell my 4th gen Echo to turn on or off a wemo smart plug it will turn the plug on or off and then tell me ok. However, for the past couple of weeks when I tell my Echo to turn on or off the plug it turns it on or off and then tells me it can't turn the plug on or off and to look in the Echo app for help to fix the problem. What is up with this?"	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I now have 6 total Echo speakers.  The 3rd Gen are hands down the best sounding.  Followed by the 2nd Gen.  Disappointed in this new 4th Gen design.  The highs are not as crisp and bright, even when paired in stereo.  Go find the 3rd Gen for a better audio experience.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 2 of the 2nd  generation an they are just perfect... this one does not understand what I say , keep changing the songs, does not pick up my voice,,, I wish my son would send it back....it was a christmas  gift...so sorry not a good echo	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Continually had to re-pair these speakers to use them with my 4K Fire TV.Eventually I had to disable my TV CEC which is a HUGE pain in the butt, but that fixed it.Never had this many problems with my Tap.	1	March 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to replace the good old echo dot, music is definitely more punch on the low end frequency but on the other hand, Alexa voice has become harder to hear due to lack of mid tone. The biggest problem is the mic Intégration as many reviewers pointed out, Alexa no longer hear you calling out, what is the point of smart speaker if it can’t hear you?	1	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It worked for one day and ever since the sound quality is pretty bad, sound isn’t clear. It’s more distorted at any volume level. The microphones stop working as well. They recognize my voice 1 out of 5 times, and more often doesn’t respond back or do any of the activities asked to do. Something simple as “Alexa play some chill music” or “Alexa what’s the weather like” doesn’t recognize or responds.	1	December 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It keeps shutting off and the sound it’s the as good	2	November 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Been charging this device for couple weeks, but if I unplug it from electricity it goes dead.  Was hoping to take it outside to the porch, deck or my firepit, but alas cannot.	2	July 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Terrible.  Sound quality extremely poor.  Does not sync to my echo subwoofer or lights correctly ( hit or miss on the lights). You also have to be in the right place to get it to respond. Spent an hour and 35 minutes with customer service and was promised a call back  within 48 hours.  That hasn't happened yet.  It's been 4 months.  Amazon knows they have an inferior product.  I regret investing in Alexa after this. Before this ""new"" model it was great.  Do not waste your money"	1	May 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is good	2	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	They tried to integrate this with Ring Modes about 2 months ago and pushed out an update. Since then it it has been a paper weight with a circling light you cannot get rid off. Please review the support forums, they admit they know of the issue but do not have a resolution. Support will try two fixes (please look them up), they will only work until you set your Ring alarm, then back to a flashing paper weight. Total waste of time. Mine is unplugged until they have a fix, if not Goodwill bound.	1	May 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Already own 3 echo dots and bought this one mainly for the zigbee functionality. It however has worse voice recognition and the speakers are too bass heavy to properly enjoy music. Yes, I've tried adjusting the EQ but I just get better (albeit less loud) sound from my echo dot.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 So this is my SECOND review. Not going to go thru looking for my original but it is currently 6:55am. I got home at 6:30 and shortly after I started hearing this weird static noise. I go in my living room and it’s this raggedy device. I unplugged- no fix, unregistered- no fix. LOOKING AT OTHER REVIEWS I REGRET TRADING!! DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!"	1	March 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The new Echo has a great sound and disappointing mic at best. There should be no more worries of Amazon overhearing your conversations. They can't even hear when you give them direction. (If only it worked that way.) Fix your mic Amazon, Please.UPDATE 10/21/2021Amazon should be ashamed for releasing this product. The speaker sounds great if you can get it to play. The mic is atrocious. I am outside the return window, or this would go back. Pass on this.	1	October 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen		2	January 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can’t say anything nice about it because I keep starting at this WHITE CORD!!! Why would you build all black sleek looking Echo and then have a WHITE CORD! My old echo had a black cord that I just exchanged.	2	April 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The 4th Gen Echos have a hard time connecting and staying connected to a network.  Randomly disconnects and takes two or three attempts to reconnect using the Alexa app or reset procedure.  Unlike all my other Alexa devices, this one doesn't reconnect automatically after any kind of power or internet issue.  Really frustrating.	1	February 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this in December and now (March) it is just all static. Can’t use it and can’t return it. Not happy. Plus they won’t let you return the thing. They want you to send it in, they will fix it and send it back.	1	March 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Really disappointed with Amazon. For reference, I have purchased every generation echo and dot device since they were released. I have 12 echo devices throughout my house. Each generation was better than the last, until now.To get the sidewalk bridge to work (which no one asked for), Amazon has tilted the speaker. This led to them giving up 360 sound, which is definitely a noticeable drop in audio quality. The mics on this echo are also the worst I've experienced.On top of all that, Amazon sold a device that shares your internet connection without disclosing it at time of purchase. I find this to be highly unethical.	1	December 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Echo Dot was marketed with 6 months free Amazon Music Unlimited with purchase.  Unlimited is limited to a single user.  I had an Apple music family plan so when I tried to upgrade to the Amazon family plan, I thought I would only pay the difference for the first 6 months.  I was charged full price on day one and Amazon said I had forfeited my 6 month free trial.  When I called and asked what could be done I was told nothing, it was my fault for switching from free to paid even though the upgrade option stated the bill would be prorated.	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not very impressed so far the majority of the questions that I've asked it did not know whereas my Google knew right away and not really too impressed so far	2	July 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have had this device for a couple of weeks and now I have difficulties with connection to the internet and any communication with it - so.....  My short review is: DO NOT BUY IT.  I hope there is something more dependable than this.  And what if you decided to put the security of your home with it???!!!  Good luck kid.	1	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Fresh out of the box and I noticed they use a white power cord with the black Echo….  Who thought this looks good… They also got rid of a heather gray which was the best looking color they made, replaced it with some blue that no one wants or white.  A white power cord with a white echo makes sense but a white Powercore with a black echo, that’s hideous.	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Need more improvement..	2	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Our Gen 1 echo was starting to regularly drop its internet connection and was difficult to reconnect. I ordered the Gen 4 for a Christmas present and so disappointed in the sound quality. It is terrible, too much bass, and music sounds muffled.  I must believe that this unit is defective or something went terribly wrong in the new design.	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No. The big bubble doesn't sound better it just looks silly. Girl just no. Keep your money and your Gen 1 echo you will be glad you did.	2	August 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	i got this as a gift for Christmas 2021 and I loved it , it sounded great and i used it all the time, As of today it's mostly static being heard over the music . I have looked at several other reviews and it seems quite a few have the same issues just after the 90 warranty	1	January 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	First Update:  still doesn’t hear us well. I yelled “Alexa play music” so loud that the Echo Dot 3G down the hall, under a dresser and further from the router hears me and responds. It a horrible product from Amazon. And it’s getting returned.First Review:  I’ve had a 3rd generation Echo Dot for a year and It definitely EASILY hears the trigger word “Alexa” (maybe too well).  But I’m extremely disappointed that this new 4th generation Echo (which is obviously larger and newer) can’t hear me. We have to scream Alexa at it to get it to hear. Gonna switch back to the Echo Dot.	1	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Spent 3 hours with tech support they couldnt get it going . Though told they were over nighting a new one and would be here next morning didnt show. when called was told that it should be here on the 13th. And was told that the alexa was registered to someone else and it came from amazon supposedly new. Not impressed amazon	1	January 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality, particularly bass, is improved over older generations (coming from a gen 2 echo) but voice recognition seems to have taken a hit. Also miss the 360° sound and unsure about the light ring on the bottom. Got a great deal on this one but leaning toward returning it.	2	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nov 26th 2020.I constantly having to shout extremely loud for Alexa to hear me and she doesn't respond most of the time. When the music is a little loud Alexa doesn't respond properly.  It took me awhile to set her up through my wifi but I managed too.  ... whoever decides to get this model should buy it if you want a decent bass but Alexa would not hear you properly when the music is up. I'm not trying to discouraged anyone from getting it because it's cheap, I just don't want people to go wrong. I actually returned it and got the Amazon studio. HAPPY THANKSGIVING	1	November 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not impressed. The sound is not much better than the prior version. Had difficulty setting up Bluetooth and it recognizing my iPhone. It no longer says the name of the device its connecting to. Hue light settings were altered. I wish I had just stuck with the last version. Very very disappointed.	2	November 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Ambient light sensor keeps light bar dimmed to lowest possible level at all times, even in a well lit room, the lowest level is almost not visible to the naked eye. The light bar is important for many reasons including when I have notifications, I had one today and walked right by my device many times because it’s not visible at a glance, even if I just want to be sure the device heard me I need the light bar, If a setting could be added to completely disable the ambient light sensor because I don’t need it 1 bit ,then I’ll rebuy. Other then that it’s a great device	1	December 3, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	We are big fans of our Echo devises in this house.  We use them for so many things everyday.  This new unit sits in our most used room and is totally unresponsive 80% of the time. You stand right next to it to make a request, speak Alexa and two words later it shuts off.  You say Alexa!,  again,  louder this time, same thing happens.  The only difference this time is every other Echo and dot in the house responds!  It’s chaos!I want my money back. This thing would be better used in a shot put match! Seriously Amazon!	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	DislikeVoice recognitionDoesn't run routines every time it's supposed to.Loses connection with Bluetooth speakers frequentlyPoor flexibility in smart component integration.LikeSimplicity in software designBlends better with home	2	June 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible device and worse customer service.  Thought since this was new it would be an upgrade.  Plugged it in and set it up.  Two days laters all my devices stopped responding followed by every light in my house going on with prompting.  Truly a piece of garage.  How to up plug every light to get some sleep.  Amazon’s response was on well.  We can try sending it back but with trade in offer I know longer have the that actually worked.  Be nice if they were a company of their word.  Just I am stuck with a paper weight,	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	If my last echo didn’t get stolen I would send this back. NOT A GOOD BUY!!!Voice recognition is very very VERY POOR. I dislike it with a passion because I have to walk up to it and talk to it like it’s my hard of hearing child or something.Sound on front firing speaker is ok if your right in front of it but does not play as loud as you think.White power cord for black speaker, not cool.I am not a happy customer at all!!Ima still shop with Amazon just not a “Good Buy” this go around.	1	March 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to keep repeating voice commands also the bluetooth is horrible when watching videos on my phone the audio and video desync have to turn off bluetooth and turn it back on also the aux feature works some times will return product did like the audio from speaker	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I get hacked through Alexa I lostMoney In my bank account I am getting a lot of phone calls lately from Russia	1	June 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Received with much excitement.  Powered on.  that's it...no wifi connectivity or Bluetooth connecticuty.  Reset the device, contacted tech support.  The only instant response received from amazon tech support was to return it.  breath in breath out, they generated return label.  I have requested replacement, but the tech./rep. didn't get it, she said 'thank you for contacting Amazon support.."" call ended.  Now returning."	1	December 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Having poor voice recognition is not its worst feature. I may have the volume set to level one or two but if it gives me an announcement, or notification, it does so at full blast. I hate this one and I had such such high hopes. The third generation Alexa is a much better device. This shape is bulky also.	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Disappointed in this. It keeps disconnecting from internet which is a problem I never had with the 2nd gen I traded in for it... with no noticeable improvements I’m wishing I had just kept the old one and saved the money	2	March 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	There is nothing premium about the sound quality. The speaker has a tinny quality to it. Sound is also batchy between multiple devices. Less than pleased with the purchase.	2	August 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Meh.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Our gen1 that we had for many years died.  The Gen4 has to be better right?  Wrong.  Terrible mic.  Speakers aren't as good as the gen1.  We ordered a charcoal.  Received charcoal with a white cord running across our black granite counters.  Support said they only had white power supply for that model.  Save yourself some grief and get a Gen1.  I am sending back and already ordered a gen1.	1	November 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Returned item after hours of trying to get it set up	1	August 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Too much bass	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Good sound but the mics suck. I replace a Gen 3 echo dot with this in the kitchen and I have to repeat myself a lot when talking to Alexa. I only had that issue once or twice with the Gen 3 Echo Dot.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible voice recognition.  When it's silent it hears you ok.  But if its playing music or news you have to walk up to it and scream to get it to stop.  Old one works much better.  Think i will box it up and send it backrevising rating to one star. Bluetooth does not work with all devices.  The problem with microphone remains. If you turn the microphone off and on it will restore sensitivity for awhile but will return to shout mode in a little while.  Seems like something that could be fixed with a firmware update	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not much if any of an improvement over the second generation of echo. Not a noticeable improvement in the sound quality and the voice recognition isn’t as good. It’s fine but I expected a bit of an upgrade and didn’t get it.	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the worst item I ever purchased and I’m a long time customer. Some times the unit turns off and you have to restart. There are times I halved to yell at the stupid things before it responds. Where in the world did you get this thing. If I been a very long time customer and generally pleased with your items but if I had not dealt with Amazon a long time, I would would never deal with you again.  I hope you have something and that I can buy that will give me the supposed new features that Alexa is supposed to deliver.	1	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	No visible clock like oh no the spears I’m sending it back for an exchange	1	July 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo has an annoying issue which the fact that we have to yell at it every time to get our commands heard. This was never an issue with the other older generation echoes we  own. For $100, we expected top performance and we did not get that.	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This version of the Echo seems to be hard of hearing. We thought the last version had trouble, but this one takes some yelling to get “Alexa” to listen. All of the echo dots in the house hear better!	2	March 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is very disappointing. And I found myself talking to Alexa all the time, because the music selection was never right.	1	June 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s set on Fahrenheit and yet when I ask the temperature of the room it only tell me in Celsius I will say that’s frustrating and can’t understand why this is still not fixed	2	May 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not appealing to look at, larger footprint and sound is no better then gen 3. Oh and she doesn't hear you nearly as well either, kind of important for this device.I know Amazon had to shake things up to keep selling these devices to people that already have them, but this is a big step backwards. I needed to replace a 3rd gen Echo because it kept glitching. This was on sale, got credit and a discount for trading in the old one, so why not?! Very disappointed, still may return if the Studio ever goes on sale!	1	March 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had the very first Echo and replaced it with this. It's an awful speaker. Audio quality is terrible. If you are looking for a cheap echo for reasons other than listening to music, it might be acceptable. I'm plugging my gen1 back in.	2	January 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	What happened to the echo? 1st generation was a game changer. Now this. Not a day goes by that im not screaming at it because it didnt hear me. More frustration than its worth	2	May 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	When I went to download the app it wouldn t let me it connected me to one click geeks. Then told me I could not download because of a virus, then took over my computer and talked me into purchasing protection from them. my 60 dollar alexas ended up costing me 500 dollars then the loaded the app.which I believe they blocked to begin with	1	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s true…Alexa won’t be able to hear your voice unless you yell!  It’s glitchy, too, especially with running smart devices.  Needs a software update!!!	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	For some reason every alexa of any model I have purchased is nearly deaf!  I am really tired of repeating my self or yelling at the top of my lungs for her to hear me.  My old original is 3 times better than the last 3 I have purchased!It is ridiculous, that when it does hear me it can't ever understand correctly what I say.  It always wants to default to some music video crap, and then I can't get it to stop the stupid video, so frustrating!I'm about to give up on Alexa!	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	sound not as good as old one.cancelled timers twice in one day when asked for time left.doesn't hear a lot of commands.	1	June 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The thing dislike the most with the Gen#4 is that Amazon moved blue status light to the very bottom of the Echo, making it difficult to see due its orb/sphere design. It requires being at just the right viewing angle to see the status light. IMHO, this was a poor design decision. It is annoying not being able to visually see if the device was awoken with the wake word. I feel my gen#1 overall worked better, e.g. better sound quality, and better microphone quality, and most importantly...better voice recognition accuracy. Hopefully the next design fixes all these issues.	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this product in January of 2021. I have 7 other Alexa devices (Echo, Echo Dot, Echo Show) and the voice recognition works very well on them. The generation 4 version is terrible. It will not recognize your voice unless you are directly facing it and no other obstructions or sounds are present. The previous Echo, in the EXACT same location, had no issues doing whatever was requested from anywhere in the room. The sound is slightly better than the previous generation, but not at all worth the voice recognition hassle. DO NOT BUY THE NEW VERSION!!!!!!!!!!!!	1	February 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Does not group with my AMAZON FIRE TVs like advertised.  Sounds great when it plays. The groups randomly forget other devices in the groups.  I tell this one to ""Play Everywhere"" like I do a few times a day.  It responds and lights up and starts playing on all but this one.  When I check the app it is in there, but music does not play on it.  There are only 4 devices in my house and all 4 are in the group."	1	June 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We got this to replace the 2nd generation unit which we were never happy with. The aesthetics of it are nice but none of these later units compare to the first generation unit. I am looking for another 1st generation unit and will be returning this one.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This could be the worst Alexa device of them all. I have three, the echo with the small screen, the echo 2 and now this one. I leave music on all day for my dog and the Echo sphere is consistently turned off when I get home after a few hours while all the other alexas are playing fine. I have to physically pull the cord out to restart it to get it to work again. This is the second device too! They sent me a replacement. I can’t wait to get rid of it, this is awful.	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Would give a 5, but it has started cutting I and out.	2	October 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Still waiting for a return call. Ticket # 0533762223. Many problems with Echo. Doe not sink with Bluetooth projector( Spund and picture are many seconds out to sink. Cant change volume when roku is connected. Cannot play music"" everywhere"" with other Echo 3rd generations in my house...."	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am glad it was free, because had I paid for it I would send it back.  I think it is a joke, the only three things I got it to do is turn the lights on, lock the front door, and turn the alarm in!  And, I programmed it to do all that.  It is an over priced piece of junk, oh I got mine for free!	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have purchased more than ten Amazon Echo devices. This is the only device that was delivered with a cord that did not match (device is black; cord is white). I tried three times to get Amazon to exchange the cord, but they were not able to do that. Amazon's solution was for me to return the item and repurchase it which normally would have been fine, except I purchased it on Amazon Prime Day for 50% off. Amazon would not give me that price today so they lost a sale and a longtime Prime Customer. Goodbye, Amazon! Hello, freedom!!	1	January 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Keep offering to buy amazon music subscription  witha very lengthy message when we ask to play a song.  Voice recognotion is very very bad as compared to previous generation alexa devices we have probably because of weird globe design. Overall a step backwards.	1	February 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is my 6th Echo device. I have them strategically placed around my house.This one belongs in the trash.Yes the design is cool but what good is that when you’re constantly being told, “ I’m sorry but I can’t hear you.”All the other devices hear me the first time without any issue.This Echo needs a revamp!	1	January 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The documentation that was packed with the device was poor. I am concerned about the the internet security with this device is attached. It is very expensive light switch. It deems to have some connection with my Roomba which I do not need.	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I haven’t yet listened to a song that didn’t break up more than once. Also the tone is very poor. My iPhone speaker is better than this. I just bought a Wi-Fi booster to see if that will help. If not I’ll be returning both.	1	February 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love my echo devices, I got a few together after a few years reading tech reviews and user ratings. I must say I am learning to use and trust technology of this sort. The sound quality is superb.	2	February 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	So inconsistent!	2	December 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Still can't cast music from my android phone to these devices, a feature that was common place in 2016. The only amazon device that does this properly is the fire tv sticks.	1	April 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The midrange is good. High frequencies are faint until you increase treble to halfway between zero and maximum. Low frequencies are muddled; It needs a subwoofer. Placing two Echo Echos Fourth Generation in a stereo pair in the Alexa app results in a mono pair (all sound comes from the middle). A pair has enough power for a mid-sized residential room. I hope the fabric does not wear out around the buttons and does not become permanently stained from dust. The speaker looks nice and is compact.	1	June 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This new black echo came with a WHITE cord!!? Really?? And it is several inches shorter than the cord to my old echo so I can’t keep it in the same location. It also has trouble picking up commands and voices. We can’t get through 2 jeopardy questions without her shutting off. I’m returning this	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I am a pretty serious Alexa user, I have lightbulbs, plugs, the whole works.  I bought this Echo thinking it was an upgrade to my old ""hockey puck"" Echo Dots, but this is not an upgrade.  It doesn't seem to be able to hear very well, and is constantly locking up and having to be rebooted.  I have to unplug the thing probably every 2 days, while the Echo Dots seem to go months if not a year between reboots."	1	July 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have to speak extremely loud for the device to respond. In fact, so loud that when addressing this Echo in the living room while I am in the living room, my echo dot in the bedroom responds ---	2	February 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bad microphone, never understands what I say, but never forgets to ask if we want premium services. Doesn't work when your internet is down. speech2text has been around since the 1952, had it in my Commodore 64 (1975 computer) ; can't do offline speech2text translation? Spend more time repeating myself than enjoying the fruits of technology.	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure if I got a faulty echo.  The voice receiver on this is terrible.  I'll sit right next to it and it won't pick my voice up.  I've had multiple echos, and echo dots in the past and this is the only one I've had such a hard time with.  I was really excited about the new design thinking it would give great new sound, but the very small sound quality improvement is greatly overshadowed by it not being able to hear you.If you can snag the previous gen in place of this I highly recommend.	1	November 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	There is a lag with this dot and the rest in the house.  We have over 12 this is the only one that is a delay in music sound.  verified all troubleshooting items	2	March 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted to like this but for some reason it would not stay connected to wifi it would constantly say internet unreachable but I have 7 other devices all work fine I sent it back.	2	March 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound and look but terrible recognition of voice compared to last 3 generations, I think mine is defective but I’m pretty lazy so I’m not gonna do anything but buy maybe like 17 more	2	March 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Preferred the aesthetics and functionality of the older model, hard to know if it heard me and it has more difficulty understanding when I speak	2	July 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stopped working appropriately in less than 30 days. The sound for the device became completely muffled. I was asked to return it, to get it fixed. Within 30 days, any other store asks you to return the device to get a replacement. Not here! I purchased a device clearly that already came with pre-existent issues. I would understand that if it's been anywhere longer than 30 days, that it should be fixed instead, as it occurs with any other store. I will return the device and take the refund instead.	1	April 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is hit or miss. There are times when the bass just doesn’t work at all and it sounds terrible-it does this randomly. Sometimes at the start, after turning it on and sometimes in the middle of playing things.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the 2nd 4th Generation Echo I have purchased. I sent the first one back because it kept shutting off. When they had their sale just over a month ago, I thought I would try one again. It stops playing music for seconds to minutes, yet my 2nd generation keeps playing. The 2nd Generation is far better overall. It's too late to return this Echo, so I guess I stuck with it. I would NOT recommend this Echo.	1	August 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Microphone is horrible I miss my 2nd generation I traded in. Half the time you have to practically yell at it. I wouldn't buy if I knew it was this bad.	2	April 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought two for a home theater speaker set in my travel trailer. They are the worst speakers possible. You can’t hear dialog on any movie or tv show. When an explosion or some other loud sounds happen in the background they get louder. I have tried every combination of setup on my 4K fire stick and they are crap.If you are looking for a set of speakers to run a sound system on a tv then skip this and buy anything else.	1	July 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bass response and overall listening experience is better than the 3rd Gen, but the awful voice recognition and connection issues makes this unit a frustrating paperweight. I'm working my way through a few of these Alexa devices and all of them seem to fail after a while, and customer service offers me a discount on the next round of frustration. Once the last of the devices die, I won't be buying more of them. My boss still has a 1st gen device and it's still kicking.	1	June 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like the ability to play music and the sound is good. What I detest about it is it listens even when you don't use your wake word. Not good.	2	May 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just what I need another thing in my house that doesn't listen to me. I find myself always repeating what I tell her and having to raise my voice. The sound quality is nice and I love the blue color.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I loved this product when it first arrived. The sound is great. Unfortunately, it stopped working completely after the first couple of weeks. I have submitted a support request. Rather than immediately replacing the item, I was required to send the speaker in for assessment. I was told that I would hear from Amazon once the speaker was tested about a possible replacement.	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor sound Sound quality is lacking . Music and voice comes across as muffled. Not impressed  I listen to a lot of music and music sounds better more clear on echo dot or 3rd generation echo	2	February 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Unlike the older Alexa echo this one always seems to have a problem responding to voice commands.  While one smaller older version can hear and respond to my commands from another room this one centered in the kitchen often times is unresponsive.I’ve liked all of my Alexa devices up until this one, which is the newest and more pricey.	1	December 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s like talking to a teenager. Voice recognition is awful. One must repeat everything 2-3 times or is completely unresponsive, vs echo or dot. Better yet, ask her for one thing and she does something totally different.	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I will make requests and this thing doesn't respond...listen, I have an echo dot and I prefer it over this thing, The sound on it when it does work though is awesome.	2	April 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Black echo with white cord?Could not pair with Sengled.My dots have better sound quality and reaction time!Skip this and buy the dot!	2	July 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The provided short white power cord with the charcoal unit is ridiculous.Somebody please tell me where I can get a longer black cord?	2	July 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	At first it sound so super good  but now there's a crackling sound so annoying when I play it and I'm so disappointed that I can't stand the sound of it. Please help what to do!	2	January 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	As ever, I really like the new product.  I am very disappointed that Amazon did not invest in coordinating the color of the power cord with the color of the Echo.	2	March 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m terribly disappointed. The whole point of buying this product was so I could bring it anywhere in the house since the echo display unit sits in the kitchen. My old echo sat on a base and I could bring it anywhere. No where does it say it can’t be brought anywhere like the older additions. If you want portable you have to buy an additional base. That’s crazy. The older models were different. There is nothing special about this except it’s more expensive and you get less. It’s going back.	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"When using this device for music it is terrible. It will not continuously play music. For example, I can ask Alexa to play “The Beetles” it will play maybe three songs and stop due to “inactivity”. If I am cleaning my kitchen I want more than just 12 minutes of music. My internet connection is fine. When you ask Alexa to play music after stopping. It says ""Sorry, Amazon music stopped playing because there was no activity on the device.” You must continuously ask Alexa to play music. It won’t simply play music for more than a few minutes"	1	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Be prepared for incessant recommendations to buy or try things. I just wanted it to play one song. Instead I get asked if I want this or that after every command and you can’t shut that feature off.	1	March 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Disconnected on its owndid things I did not ask it to doNot a reliable productDon’t like the design with the blue light on the bottomJust an OK product when it works	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	When it worked it was good.  Now just after one year, it’s dead.  Sat in the same place and it just quit.  Couldn’t reset it. Couldn’t use Alexa.  Just the blue spinning ring of death. Back to google I guess.	1	February 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I own several Echo’s and this is the first disappointment. The sound is not nearly as good as Echo second and third generation. Luckily I only paid $70 for it. Adjusting sound settings helps a little but not enough.	2	December 27, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Still not able to get it to work. I have a android phone, and even with the down load of the app, I still can not get it to work.. Now I am sure it will, but as of yet, personally it is not easy to get it to work. I tried to get work with my apple computer, still nothing. Apple support want to sell me a app for $500. for my computer. I told him I would pass. I am sure it is a great product, just wish it was easier to make it work	1	December 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	My husband and I received this as a Christmas gift. I've asked it what the temperature outside is a few times. Other than that we don't have a need for it and don't use it.	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased a pair of these to act as part of a WiFi speaker system around the house.  We stream a lot of radio programs during the day. While the speakers, with the help of Alexa, seem to be able to do a zillion things, acting as simple auxiliary speakers to a computer doesn't seem to be one of them.  We're now looking for alternative speakers.	1	November 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	light command to turn on or off is slow to no response........terrible units	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No lo recomiendo	1	August 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not nearly as good as the older model, doesn't hear as good, sound goes in one direction, and what's with a white cord on a black unit? Looks goofy.	2	April 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The echo keeps disconnecting from my surface tablet. Music will play for a few minutes then stop then a minute later comes back on. Then goes out again	2	May 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not work with their own amazon Omni tv	1	August 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's randomly connect to your iPhone and announce device name, super annoying.( even you disconnected )if want use as bluetooth speaker must be considering the problem.	2	April 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you want to stay home and invest a few days fixing quirks, then this is for you.	1	June 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Really disappointed in this “upgrade”, traded in my 2nd gen models for this version. Like the design and sound quality but neither is worth the horrible downgrade in microphones. I have to scream Alexa for this unit to wake up, all the other Echos in the house hear me before this one. I just barely use it anymore it’s just so terrible at hearing and frequently it cannot understand what I say even though no other unit ever had a problem. I wish I could get my old units back.	1	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is airy. Not super crisp.  I am disappointed too.  I love the shape.  I dont like the white power cord. The Echo Dot sounds really good.  Great Bang for your buck.  This not so.	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’d say this new version is a decent quality echo. I have several of these but this particular one no longer works. I changed my internet password and had to reset all of my devices but this one became stuck and I could no longer get it to connect even after factory reset.	1	December 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can not stress how much I hate this echo, this is my 2nd one(exchanged the first 4th generation one I got for another thinking it was defective) and it has the same issue as the first. It does not here you, misheard you or stops listening while I'm talking to it. We put it in the same spot as our echo 1st gen (that one worked amazingly) and this new echo can't understand/here anything. One ups side is the sound quality when it does actually work is good.	1	March 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	There's wonderful sound out of this new version of the echo Dot. It is louder so lower volume levels are necessary. The sound quality is much richer. However, the voice recognition is poor compared to other models.	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I am tired of hearing ""I don't know how to help you with that"" when I am trying to add things to my lists, but then go look at the lists on our apps and the items are there.Inconsistent on picking up your voice. Then there are times it starts speaking even though we never spoke to it.I hate that it takes up more space on my counter.I still cannot get one of my light switches to reconnect.I miss my original model from 2014."	1	March 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I've owned an Echo Dot 3rd edition for several years and loved it , so I thought it would be nice to upgrade to the 4th edition premium sound one.  I got it and was very disappointed.  The sound quality was poor and for some reason Alexa didn't recognize me as well on the 4th edition as she did on the 3rd edition.  I ended up returning it and I got the 4th edition Echo Dot, which I like a little better.  The 3rd generation was still better in my opinion.	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Like the built in hub but this version can’t hear. It’s in the same place as the previous models. Wide open space. We even put it up on a 6” riser to see if it would help. Nope	2	December 4, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have had this model for two months and the speaker has stopped working, not sure if it blew or what but very disappointing. I would like to talk to someone about this I had the same issue with the last model i got as well i don't use it very much have it control my lights and ask the weather mostly and volume is always on 50% not sure why this is happening. If there is any help with this issues it would be greatly appreciated.Thank you,Ryan	1	March 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great for a child’s room.  Wants to know what kind of games I would like to play.  Looking forward to the possibility of upgrading to a more intellectually challenging model.  Leans toward the left (preprogrammed) for selection of news stations and topics.  Would not change to the station I preferred, more than once.It’s fine if you are too lazy to leave your chair or look at your watch for the Time; or, see what the weather is outside.	1	May 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is definitely NOT an upgrade! We got this to replace our echo dot and we honestly prefer the dot. This version misunderstands what we are saying about half the time. It’s in the same spot our old dot was in, but for some reason it can’t understand us. At first we thought it was just a lemon, so we complained to Amazon and they replaced it. The second one has the same problem! Not sure what is wrong with this hunk of junk, but I kinda hate it.	1	March 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Basically unusable for my primary use case of listening to music at night because the volume cannot get low enough without becoming muted. Some searching around shows that many others have the same complaint.	2	January 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"***update***. It's gotten worse.  All my marketing options are off and she just won't leave me tf alone. I'm dumping all of these Alexa and buying the apple mini pod.Alexa needs to chill TF out. Just give me what I ask for. I've turned off all the marketing messages (which there are a ton) and still she is annoying. I just wish there was a button to press that she would never suggest anything or try to be ""helpful"". It would be fine otherwise"	1	March 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t work as it should..The older one is 100 times better.It takes 10 times to get it to play music because it doesn’t respond well at all, to say the least.I bought two to use together and they don’t work together at all..  Very disappointed, would not buy again.	1	January 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this echo on Black Friday in a bundle that came with two smart bulbs. But the smart bulbs that were included require a $50 Hue Bridge. You might think that since the echo device is created and sold by Amazon, that they would know what is and isn't compatible. Unfortunately they don't have the time to check for compatibility.The description for the bundle didn't even tell you which bulbs you would be getting, so there was no way for the customer to check the compatibility by reading the product description of the bulbs.	1	December 10, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Cannot rate at all. Instructions are tiny lettering, grey on white on 4""x4"" paper.  Too cheap to use 8 1/2"" x 11? App talks at great length about ""features"" but has no links on how to set them.  Too many gloat adverbs make reading very difficult. VERY Disappointed. Frustrating."	1	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you have the 3rd gen dot, then don’t easte your money on this.  Sound is terrible in comparison and really misses the richer sound of the 3rd gen.  Wish i had not purchased.	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	You would think that when you buy an Alexa echo systems that it wouldn’t require me to reset everything up and try to get me to purchase stuff all over again dinning thing it remember my card number but nothing else I had purchased through the old echo dot !	1	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Overallhpm ok but every ten minutes it announces that it is connected to your network and it can't be shut off. Extremely annoying and disruptive during zoom meeting, teaching zoom lessons, etc.	2	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I am tired of yelling at it when it does not respond 50% of the time. Very frustrating. I plan to return it and the ugly white cord that comes with it. Another problem...""Alexa, turn on mixer, then turn on amplifier"". It turns on amplifier first, then the mixer. What this does, is it has the amplifier on when it turns on the mixer, which cause a very loud explosive sound through my PA system. This could destroy one or both of my $750 EV speakers. This is not an improvement, this is a disaster!"	1	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was disappointed that the sound wasn’t more resounding.  I have to buy yet another speaker for the base.  The pairing does not work some of the time.	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It worked fine at first, but now you have to repeat about 3 times before Alexa does the task. Quicker to do it manually	2	June 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	WiFi connectivity is very intermittent. Drops connection without warning, usually in the middle of a timer or music being played.  Have had better success with older generation Alexa.	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I use the Echo with Amazon Music. I can also play music directly through my laptop, a 10 yr old Toshiba. The laptop has better sound quality than the Echo 4th.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is not much better than the original and in most cases have to repeat several times for it to pick up the command,don't waste your money on this new version.	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I've loved my prior Alexa devices, but this one hasn't seemed to work at all. Might need to regress to a prior model. It seems to decide when it wants to work and inundate me with ads or new features whenever it decides to work. The sound Quality is oddly inconsistent.	1	December 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have spent hours trying to get my Echo to work. I even requested a call for help from Amazon. The person I spoke with was unable to help me in getting the Echo to work. Sadly, it will not accept my internet password. I was really looking forward to using it. I’m very disappointed. 😢	1	December 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My second gen echo dot in the next room over picks up my voice better than this one does when it's 3 feet away from me	2	April 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I decided to pick up the echo because of the built-in hub.  It's great when it occasionally works, but my echo dot and echo flex tend to pick up my commands much better than it does. Occasionally my dot, which is upstairs, picks up my commands when I'm shouting at the Echo that I'm a few feet away from.  The sound quality intermittently becomes muffled.  Not sure if I have a defective unit or they're all poor quality; based on the reviews I'm guessing the latter.	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you want to raise you voice too scolding level than go for it .	2	August 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not respond to my commands unless I stand very close and speak loudly. The sound quality is marginally better than my old Echo, but not worth the extra money for that.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Awful voice recognition. Sound ""quality"",  None - Poor. I had a much better experience with even the 1st generation device."	1	May 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I think this one is deaf...Have to yell at her to do what you want.Not worth the $$$	2	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone sensitivity is unacceptably poor. I had an old echo dot in the same location as my new echo. With the dot, I could casually and naturally say “Alexa, do x”. Now I find myself shouting and repeating myself, “Alexa...ALEXA”. I use Alexa absolutely all the time to control smart home devices, and this small failure is so frustrating. The sound quality is great and it looks cool, but I just wish Amazon would figure out how to at least make comic sensitivity adjustable.	1	March 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not user friendly, doesn’t properly sync to other devices, terrible app design and basic sounding speaker. Do not recommend.	1	May 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as loud or as clear as my Echo Dot with Clock and no time display and twice the price. This POS is going back post-haste!	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Do NOT buy this as a substitute or replacement for a wink hub. The wink hub, for all its drawbacks, at least connects to smart light bulbs. I’ve spent the better part of a whole day attempting to migrate 16 can lights to this device and have never been able to achieve greater than 8 synced lights at a time - and that only lasted a few minutes. Do something else. As an Alexa device it works fine. The hub part is a piece of crap. Move on.	1	January 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This one actually doesn’t work, I hadn’t hooked it up until recently only to find out it’s a dud!	1	June 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is very good but the thing can't hear or understand me almost whatever I do.  When they designed this they clearly didn't prioritize speech recog.  I'm returning it.	2	January 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition on this one is pure hot garbage. I can be standing right next to it and have to scream for it to hear me. I literally told it goodnight from two inches away so it would turn off all my lights and it told me good morning and turned the whole room back on.. How is the second gen better than this one.. apparently Amazon tech evolves backwards.. Had this thing for close to a year now and Ive regretted it everyday since I bought it	1	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Something is wonky with this version. Echos in other parts of the house respond before this one does when you're standing right in front of it. It just doesn't wake up.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	set up is difficult	1	August 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I tried to get the unit to play eight hours or more of music but could not do it. I wanted to have music as a background noise at night.	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality isn’t bad. Don’t like the ring light at the bottom. Have to repeat myself at least twice, at much louder levels than I have to speak normally.	2	January 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone is TERRIBLE!!!!! Very disappointed, now playing trivia with the kids turned into a big mess, answers aren’t being heard correctly. I need my previous version back on the main level of our house!	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure what else is going to be charged. Didn’t purchase to get lot of add ons. Is music free or what.	2	May 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality of the 4th generation is great.But it doesn’t hear me nearly as well as the 3rd generation does.I have the newer one in my living room. And when I call the name, which I called it “echo” I have to say it to her three times to get it to respond. And actually the one in my master bathroom hears me often when this one doesn’t. Which is crazy because it’s two rooms away.	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Product does not always work, when I tried to return it- was told 3 month guarantee had just expired!	1	May 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The superior sound promised? Not by along shot. I have a first generation and love the sound,  this unit not so much.  Does the job but design change sucks.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have echo 3 dots all around house and love those. Decided to upgrade bedroom to two of these for stereo sound. Has been quite frustrating when doing anything other than playing music. It takes a few seconds to understand commands, or doesn't do it at all. Half the time it just lights up spinning then goes off. Router is on the other side of room and it's both echos; so not the router. We have had these for three months and would not recommend buying these.	1	February 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I constantly have issues with it hearing my requests/questions. Not happy with this 4th generation. Music sound better but NOT worth the tradeoff for me. I I dislike it.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is great but it never hears me. My older echo in a different room often hears me before this new one right next to me.	2	February 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn’t listen or respond	1	August 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Second echo device. First one the speaker crapped out. My second one 6 months later refuses to connect with my devices. I have been on the phone with Amazon multiple times and nobody can fix this. They refuse to refund. Just get a apple home mini or a google device. Amazon devices are straight garbage. Stick shipping packages and sending bald headed bozos into space.	1	September 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Our previous Echo with the 360 audio sounded terrific. This by comparison sounds like a transistor radio, lacking the vibe and dimension of the other. We're returning it.	2	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My older one works way better. The speaker is alright at best. Don't put anything near the base,it will not hear your voice	2	April 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Overall good speaker, broke after about 100 days of use. The standard warranty is for 90, I would not recommend it.	1	April 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you plan to connect more than two Alexas, they will keep disconecting. 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz, they keep disconnecting.  If use Spotify you will increase the problem. These Alexa devices are too expensive.	1	January 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The Echo is advertised to have a ""premium "" sound but sound quality of this device is not that premium or should I say NOT at par of a good speakers."	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	So disappointed in all echo products.	1	August 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This product is terrible. I would not waste the money. I have earlier generations and the echo dot and they are much better. This one never recognizes my voice even when I’m right in front of it, it’s such a waste of money. Do not bother with this, save the money or wait for a better product. It really is awful. The worst Alexa to date.	1	September 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	received it as a gift and it worked for one day. day 2  voice activation stopped working and after almost two hours with customer service they told me they were not able to mail a new on to our address in Puerto Rico. I also received two other echos on the same day( echo dot and echo show) and I think they still need work. you sometimes need to repeat things in very particular words otherwise it does not understand the commands. not a fan.	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very disappointed in this. Was looking forward to the premium sound but it didn’t sound any better than the $25 one. It doesn’t hear direction very well either	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as good as I expected. I think the old version is better. The old version has more bass. This new spherical one makes me wish I got the echo plus or studio or dot.	2	October 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This product is more like artificial stupidity than artificial Intelligence. The echo is not itelligent enough to be able to play books purchased from audiable. Save your money, there are far better products than this garbage	1	February 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Three months after purchasing this, my fifth Alexa, it began having electronic seizures.  The only way to resolve the issue is to unplug and reset the device, which I do daily.  When I asked Amazon for support, they said it was beyond its 30 day warranty, which may be typical of the electronic industry, but turns me off as an Amazon user.	1	September 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm very disappointed after making the switch from Google home to Amazon echo. There are 3 echos in our house (2 generation 4 echos and 1 echo dot generation 3) and they have trouble playing  music on the everywhere group. When we ask for a song and artist, we'll get another artist entirely but the right song title or another song completely. It's very frustrating that she doesn't cooperate. The Google home worked better than this and had MAJOR connectivity issues.	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The product is ok, but does not recognize my Amazon Music Unlimited subscription and keeps trying to sign me up.  Also have to listen to advertising since it does not appear to be compatible with my subscription.	1	January 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa won’t control my smart TV nor can I even use it as a Bluetooth speaker!!! Called tech support twice and computer hung up on me while on hold twice returning this $100 piece of garbage don’t bother it’s not useful for anything unless you spend hundreds of extra dollars to make this device compatible with your own devices. Sounds like a bad investment to me	1	September 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this device hoping it would work a bit better than my older Echo Dot—but it's functionally useless. It takes me about seven tries to ask it to turn off the lights...	1	February 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased this to help integrate my smart home, there are no clear instructions on how to use this as a hub.I was impressed, I got a call after the review and an offer of help.  I didn't immediately respond because I would not be in front of the unit for a while.  Mistake!  For some reason they ""expired"" the email the Amazon representative sent me.Would I recommend the purchase of this particular unit-no."	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had two since Christmas 2020!! Tech support couldn’t help! I received a new one for Christmas and a refurbished one mid year and it still doesn’t work!!! I know I live in the country but my neighbors don’t have issues with the older models, only me with this one. Still plugged in and red!!!🤬	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I was very unimpressed with the sound loudness and bass! The regular old echo 3rd gen sounds better than all 4th gens!  Then within a few weeks, this item started disconnecting from the WIFI and would go ""OFFLINE"".  I would reboot, re-setup every few days.  All the other Alexa's worked fine, so I was just sent a bunk item."	1	October 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Used in my kids room for nighttime music. Speaker started crackling just after a year of minimal use. Waste of money	1	April 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this last year and 11 months later it died.  Now it is a paper weight.  Quality is not good.  Amazon is saying I need to send it in for repair.  Good and bad - I need to do the leg work and maybe they will get back to me some day.  Not a good experience.	1	October 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo dot sounds about the same as a dot. Plus it's harder to pickup my voice	2	July 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to play Apple Music from my desktop through wireless network, but it only works with bluetooth.	2	June 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition with Alexa is quite frustrating, she can't get the command after 5 tries I.e. When asking to play my podcast from Apple. I've reached out to Amazon customer service and they were supposed to call me back but haven't heard from them. I have tried to restart the device but nothing has changed. I also made a routine that when I get home my security camera would turn off, but that doesn't work.	1	April 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	even when using suggested naming( first light,second echo, stick two) alexa doesn't understand the command or simply doesn't find device.	2	May 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	You'd think that when I ordered 4 Echo Dots with a clock, that the Echo would have a clock.  It does not.  Neither does the Echo Show.  I don't know WTF it shows, but it's not a clock.  Now Alexa won't even play music.  I've had these set up for about a week.  No Clock. No Music.  I'm Pissed.	1	August 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 3 dots and 1 other Echo. This one has poor sounds not sure what the problem is, I feel its when they tried to fix the bass.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I received this as a gift for Christmas by February it stop working -Completely. Since it was a gift, trying to return it hasn’t been easy	1	March 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don’t know what it is about this model, but all our old dots and echos worked perfectly. Same people, same voices, same location of echo being placed, but this echo will never hear the cue word of “Alexa.”  Or if it does hear Alexa, 50% of the time you say a command and the blue light just spins for 2 seconds and then it ignores you. So frustrating.	1	June 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We bought this one when our gen1 echo would no longer connect to the Amazon platform after a platform update. This new one worked for 2 days and now says it can't connect to the internet, even though our rougher says that it is connected and has full access to the wifi. Even after going over every troubleshooting step multiple times. If you are looking for a new model, I would go with a different company.	1	March 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don't like that this product doesn't support airplay 2.I don't like that I can't use multi-room audio with bluetooth.	2	April 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had to send it back.  It had been previously used.  It wouldn't connect, to the WIFI.	2	April 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We have had all of the past generations of echo devices. We decided to upgrade our main device in our kitchen to the new model (4th Gen). It's been a big disappointment! With the new Echo, we had to repeat ourselves constantly and often the device in our upstairs bedroom responded instead. We finally turned it off and have replaced it with the 3rd Gen Echo that we were using before. Wish we could get our money back :(.	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought two.  One for art studio another for house.  Had to have my computor repair guy try to hook the one up in studio and it took him forever after trying myself.  It won't give me the music I ask for and the sound is hallow and tinny sounding.  Haven't tried hooking the one up in the house.  So disappointed!  I was looking forward to what it was suppose to offer.	1	March 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	So I have an original Echo. Over the years the voice recognition has declined. Maybe it’s dust. Thought it was time to replace it with a superior model.This v4 Echo is awful. Terrible voice recognition. Much worse than my v1. Boo Amazon! Don’t buy this.The sound is better. More bass. The only good thing I can say about it.	1	August 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very unimpressed and returned after 5 days. Was not as easy (or reliable) to set up with the same apps I use on Home, and interestingly I noticed the same app in the Google Store with 4-5 stars only has 2 or 3 in the Alexa version and understandably so - most just didn't work well at all.	1	October 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	after several weeks still have not been able to get skills transferred from gen 1 echo plus to this gen 4 echo device. bout to send it all back. POS	1	February 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn’t hear us and wake up as good as our old 2nd gen hub	2	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is not worth the upgrade. Misses the instructions, cuts off, does not NOT perform.I do NOT recommend the upgrade all	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I usually don’t write reviews, but my echo just came in. I’ve already spent an hour on the phone with their support team only to find that nothing on it works. It wasn’t even compatible with my brand new fire TV (seriously amazon??). Sound quality is mediocre at best. Overall very disappointed, and will be sending back after not even a day.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	My family have this and it works great.  But this one I have is not getting my internet.  It did find my cell phone and worked off and on... I think i got a lemon... sending it back	1	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Good sounds however when pairing with 3rd generation for multiroom purposes device keeps disconecting, also voice recognition is better on 3rd generation devices.	2	February 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Comienza trabajando bien con el tiempo dejo de escuchar y cuando le da la gana acata una orden bien.	2	April 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not a bad speaker. Price declined and the chat support agent (Name Zenobia) would not price match with a refund for the difference(Even though this was within 7 days of delivery) so I am shipping this one back and ordering another. Seems like a waste of Amazon's shipping money and my time. In the past they have refunded within 7 days of delivery. Confusing. Anyway good product, poor customer service this time around.	1	April 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am very deeply disappointed in these. I bought two 4th gen echos to replace my 2 echo dot third gen. So far I have to say that these echos are absolutely no better than the echo dots. Really disappointing	1	December 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I feel partially responsible for not being happy with this product. When i tested it out in the store I assumed it was wireless, because...um let's say everything is wireless. I thought it was plugged in so it wouldn't be stolen. Regardless, I have used it for 2 weeks and to my surprise it is horribly muffled. It sounded good for about a week. But now, it's frustrating to even listen to. I figure that Alexa is wearing a mask like everyone else is.	1	December 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Feel like I have to scream at it or repeat myself multiple times for it to work	2	May 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Aesthetically annoying. Third generation sound is far superior. I suppose Amazon figured out a way to make it cheaper by sacrificing quality. I'm not sure I'll keep it.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The newer devices freeze up, voice recognition is poor compared to former devices.  I have 3 new devices and 3 older devices.  The older devices work better together.  With the newer devices I have to constantly control them with my phone and they just drop off line.  Amazon need to fix em!Amazon is more interested in spying on you than making their device function as advertised.	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very frustrating to try and get set-up, it is currently sitting unplugged and not used due to this reason	2	April 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Of all the echo deceives I have this new ball one does a poor job and hearing and following through with commands.	2	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this thinking it would sound better than the previous echo I bought.  Nope.  The older one has much better sound.	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you like having to repeat yourself 5 times to get Alexa to respond this is the device for you.  This has inferior sound quality to the Echo Plus 3rd Gen that I replaced for this.  I ask Alexa a question and even though I am 2 feet away this device does not answer but my son's 2nd Gen Echo Dot, 2 rooms away responds.I wanted to love this, but I don't.	1	February 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Only used for 1 week. The echo was defective. It muted itself and was not able to reset it. I returned the item and Amazon sent me a new one	1	February 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this device specifically for the Zigbee hub. I've asked Amazon how to connect my other devices with very little help. I've had one person tell me that all my devices that are already connected to my WIFI will not work or connect to the hub. Well, that doesn't do me any good. Do I buy another 12 devices and another 6 echo dots?	1	July 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I upgraded to this from a 1st gen echo, this is so much worse.  It doesn’t recognize my voice well, it says it will play music then nothing plays, and it keeps disconnecting from my echo wall clock.  The sound quality on this might be better, but it’s not just a speaker.  I’m past the return period, so I guess this is going in the trash while I bring my gen1 back out.	1	February 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not what I would expect a new generation “premium  sound”(their description), to sound like.	2	July 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo is less smart. On gen 1, I could say, “Alexa-news” and she would play npr episodes in reverse chronological order.Now “Alexa-news” doesn’t work. And “Alexa-npr news” only plays one episode.	1	January 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very disappointed that this came with a white power cord for a charcoal echo especially considering that all 6 of our other echo's have color coordinating cords.	2	December 3, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Trash...the sound on this device is great, and that is the only bright spot. Simply put, this thing sucks, it is deaf, doesn’t respond unless you scream at it, and if you set an alarm, play music, or flash briefings etc. you have to stand right over it and scream commands for it to respond. After about a week of this crappy device I returned it. Who ever green lit this device and got it through r&d should be fired.	1	January 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Love most of our Echo products this on just can’t ever hear us correctly. No software update ever corrected this unit. It doesn't understand us 50 percent of the time where all my other units have no problem. This one also randomly beeps and it happens at least a dozen times a day. The audio on this is superior to the old one but i wish i would have just bought another one of those.	1	February 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t work as a hub for nothing. That’s the only reason I bought it. Had to buy another huh for my zwave and smart lights.	2	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I gave 1 star because it drops out constantly. If I connect via phone for music it continually sounds like an old cd skipping and we have go reset the whole system. When playing Amazon music it will randomly stop playing even though internet connection is fine. Never had this problem with older echos. It sounds better but the constant connection drops and lack of connection makes it a bigger headache than it’s worth.	1	March 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not appreciate the white power cord that came with my black Alexa. During my chat with Amazon about this matter, customer service expects me to return Alexa for exchange. All Amazon needs to do is provide me a black power cord for my black Alexa instead of a big rigamarole. Now I have to wait a month to exchange. That's absurd. While I am enjoying my new 4th Generation Echo, I am not enjoying the laissez faire attitude i.e. lousy customer service from Amazon.	1	October 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure why but it keeps dropping the WiFi connection and it takes a long time to get it to reconnect I would not recommend this model	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa has a hard time when I say Her name. Half the time I have to say it 3 or four time just. I I think this was the worst one I have ever had. We have 4 dots and one regular Echo This is the first one like the echo 4th.  And it will be the last one I will stick to what I know.	1	May 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo doesn’t sound great (music) like it is supposed to. It also can’t find the internet. All the other echos in the house can. This model is overpriced and useless.	1	February 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Got this echo to replace an older echo dot.  Poor sound quality and poor voice recognition when given commands.  When I tell it to activate the light, it turns off the TV.  The old cheap dot worked much better	1	December 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have always enjoyed my other Alexa devices. I constantly have to yell for this one to ever respond. Terribly irritating.	2	March 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is in my office, we got it a year ago and all of the sudden the speaker has a horrible crackle. Not impressed.	1	March 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing is TERRIBLE compared to my other generations devices! It doesn't listen as well and respond to the wake word like the second gen echo I had in the same spot. I have echo dots on the other end if the house that answer before this one does. It also does not play my music at all sometimes and when it does it plays in a different room. Great sound quality though.	1	March 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	From my Note9 i can not add or sync with the new alexa, I am not happy with this product. I i felt my money is  lost	1	February 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have been sent 3 Echos,4th Generation .. One after another to replace the preceeding one..Not one, would or will work..It says install is complete, ready to useBut when you talk to it, it saysCannot connect to the internet ..You look at it in the Alexa app, shows it is online..I give up, I have a 4th generation Echofor a paperweight..Tech support has tried all they know..All I had the same problem..	1	November 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am returning my 4th generation echo.  The main reason is because it doesn’t respond to voice commands as it should.	2	January 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t like the sound l.  Sounds tinny!	1	July 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s change I can’t play games like I did on the old one	2	July 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This unit is pure Amazon crap. Doesn't link properly with Fire TV and voice communication is beyond lacking. For a fourth generation this is pure crap.	2	November 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Every day I had to reset the device.  Even then it ofter did not work.  Since the refund period expired, I threw it out and ordered a new one.  Hope it works longer.Also, the Echo 4s are not compatible with controllers.	1	November 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is not that great.  You should be able to add more bass as needed like my little Bose speakers.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	They worked fine for a while, all I do is stream music. Now, both units quit randomly, get staticky, or stutter mid stream. My network is fine. I have tried resetting the network and resetting/reconnecting the echos. Does not work. Streams maybe 1-2 songs before constant interruptions. Sometimes it will play for about 20 seconds and quit completely. Worthless paperweights...	1	August 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	sound quality is good function is okwould love to actually customized to routines without being limited to the options provided	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	There's no differences that I can tell from the smart hub and the normal 4th gen or even the dot. I got it half off so I'll keep it but I would NEVER pay the full price for this thing. Only difference I can tell is it is bigger.	1	November 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve got to Alexis to sync them together and it doesn’t work all the time and when it does work it keeps repeating songs or it shuts off after the first song and I can’t figure out what to do	1	December 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	So what I can tell about this new Echo is the sound quality is good but the response is TERRIBLE TERRIBLE. I own 2 Echo dot and they would be the respond to command  even if I'm standing right next to this Echo considering the dots are not even on the same floor in my house. I just can't seem to get this one to work  right.  I'm seriously considering doing a return on this Echo.	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality isn’t good. It doesn’t understand or says it can’t help you with that a lot with basic commands. Should have gotten a dot.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	There is nothing premium in the sound	1	July 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Like voice commands.  Like whisper mode.	1	July 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is not super good. Bass is not deep enough. Expected more of this speaker.	2	May 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn’t recognize me all the time snd I have to repeat my self more than once everyday I should of kept my little echo	2	November 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Constantly drops pairing with fire tv and takes resetting everything several times to get working.  Take over 15 minutes.  This happens several times a week where I go through this.  Voice recognition is horrible.  Have to repeat 50 percent of commends.  I do not recommend this experience.	1	November 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This will be a great product. It was difficult to hook up to wi fi to start with and now I still can't set it up without it stopping and starting over.	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa skips, randomly playes her own choice of music without and prompting. It’s freaking annoying. I wish it worked properly.	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Still no where as responsive as original alexia	2	August 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the most useless piece of crap I have ever received. If I wanted a paperweight, I’d go into the woods and pick up a rock! Returned it in less than a day	1	January 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Never understand what I say and doesn’t turn on my smart tv, change channel or volume for the tv.	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I can't believe how many bugs I've encountered in the few days of using this device. It's laughable that this is Amazon's ""best"". What pushed me over the edge of leaving this review was me being unable to play any music through the device as a bluetooth speaker today. Seriously, one would think this is pretty basic stuff in 2020 but apparently not. That's on top of a bunch of other issues and bugs I had previously encountered."	1	December 10, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you're upgrading, be prepared to start all over and pair each smart home device individually.  I have about 15 bulbs and a bunch of smart plugs, so setting them up all over again would be way too time consuming. Also the new sidewalk feature is sketchy and I don't trust that it's off even though I opted to disable it.	1	June 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"does not respond to ""Alexa"" like old one used to. This one is hard of hearing I have to yell for it to respond."	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	They constantly have trouble syncing to the internet. (330+ mbps) The old ones were much better.	2	April 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Do not, I repeat, DO NOT buy version 4 of Alexa... yet... I purchased two ahead of release and they were delivered in November 2020... BOTH devices are severely flawed... When you speak, Alexa's ""listening circuitry"" simply shuts off... While playing a music trivia game, she failed to hear my responses and shut down.There are some serious circuitry issues with the new design. Do not make the same mistake I did... WAIT THIS ONE OUT..."	1	November 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Every echo we own makes us legit scream with anger at them to do anything.  And their integration with Sonos is garbage.  Take it from a 5+ year echo owner DO NOT BUY!	1	December 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This version sucks, I purchased this for the Zigbee hub, but it's useless because i have to call alexa more that 3 times, inserted of making it easy it makes everything frustrating and I rather do the things manual mode, the worst part is that it's turn one bulb on by itself in the morning, don't buy this, worst amazon product ever.	1	June 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor performance. Doesn't respond. Repeats. Continues to say she doesn't know. My tap is far better. disappointing purchase.p	2	March 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Couldn’t get echo to pair with my iPad or iPhone, returned it.	2	June 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nah.	1	August 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I thought it would be louder. That’s why I bought it.	2	July 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Everything is great with the new echo except it won’t play my music playlist from Tidal	2	April 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased 2 of these Echo devices and paired them in a stereo configuration with a subwoofer. These units very rarely play one song through before they just stop playing. The subwoofer soldiers on, but these drop out together. This setup replaced 2 echo dots which worked flawlessly. They do sound great for most of the one song they play through.	1	June 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Much like the Echo Show 8 before it, the microphones on this thing are hysterically bad.  You will need to SCREAM at it to get it to wake.  My tiny little Echo Dot 3rd Gen TWO rooms over hears me when this one doesn't.  Returned.	1	November 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition does not work as well as Gen2 Echo.  When you give it a command, it picks it up 66-75% of the time.Many times when you as a question like “What is the weather forecast for today?”  Alexa will reply with the answer followed by an ad for a random Amazon service.  This is unacceptable!  This is an Amazon ad machine.	1	March 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone sensitivity is VERY poor on this unit compared to all other echo devices, and I have a dozen of them.  I bought this one for the glass break and smoke detection capability, but I have serious doubts that it would work given the fact that you practically have to shout from 3 feet to active it.  I am going to return the two I bought.  Wait for the next generation.	1	October 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It took 4 weeks before the speaker sounds like it was blown out.  Compared to the 1st and 2nd generation this is a cheap piece of crap. They should be embarrassed.	1	January 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I dislike that it is not Bluetooth. has bad internet connection compared to other devices, and bad speaker quality. overall did not like this product a waste of money	1	January 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can’t figure out what it’s compatible with. I have Echo Studios, Echo’s, and Dots and I can’t pair it with any of them. It will control each group separately if you ask it to, but won’t play music on everything like the advertising implies. If I want to play music downstairs I’ll just go down there and ask my downstairs speakers to play something. No seeing the value in this unless there’s some new programming coming soon	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am returning this. I got a letter from Amazon saying the echo 4 could replace my wink. Wink had had major problems and is not integrating with Alexa right now and had been Down for weeks. It alluded to being able to link with z-wave products and it can not. It only added zigbee functionality. The email is mud leading. I will wait and buy this again when it includes zwave.	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Pros: the sound is pretty nice, and I like the color ring on my reflective tabletop.Cons: the microphone goes to crap after a couple of weeks. I got a replacement device from Amazon, and the same happened after the same interval.It’s a software problem, but I shouldn’t have to be factory resetting this every couple of weeks in order for it to understand me.	1	March 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I didn't like the fact that its not as loud as my older bluetooth speaker	2	May 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Integration with smart objects is great, but doesn’t understand commands clearly as compared to google home. Even with set one word rules, it mixes things up!! Very bad experience after using google home for more than 3 years! Should have invested in google devices!	1	November 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the most important thing to note when purchasing Echo Dots, that Alexa (app) is not available in every region. You need to be a tech savvy to install Alexa and configure the Echo Dots. If you are a plug and play person, and you live in a country outside the Northern hemisphere, check first if Alexa is available in your country before purchasing these Echo Dots.	1	March 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stay away from this if you want to use headphones.  It doesn't work with headphones...period.	2	March 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Hopefully, there is a fix coming. It really struggles with voice recognition and getting the words right.	2	March 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered an Echo 4th Gen with premium sound bundle that was supposed to come with two of the more current cone shaped Philips' Hue bulbs. They sent me old models by mistake. The older models do not work with Echo devices. They require an additional device (a hub), which is not included. The correct bulbs the bundle was supposed to come with work with Echo devices and do not require additional devices to operate.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not work all the time, power supply is no good.	1	June 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Absolutely terrible. Voice recognition is terrible. We have 4 2nd generation dots that are amazing around out house and I wanted better quality sounds for our kitchen. It doesn't understand anything, music turns off after a few seconds, and doesn't answer the questions or play music. After reading these reviews it seems to be an overall product flaw. Very surprised that they keep this available for purchase.	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Song quiz. Does not hear your correct answers and usually does not do what you ask her to do	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Alexa voice responds is much slower than previous model.  I was expecting much faster respond to it.  Not sure why.  I read that it should be much faster. But the sound quality is very punchy for the price range."	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Please do not buy! I have no Idea how this thing has such high reviews?, Actually I do Amazon tweaks and screens the reviews! It would take me a year to write about all of the problems Alexa and Echo have, the sad thing is Amazon is aware of many of them and does nothing to fix them!	1	July 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don't know how many tines I have a alarm set and it doesn't work, and I usually recheck before I go to bed to make sure it is set. Ask for a group to shuffle music and it plays a totally differant group and usually shuts off after a couple songs. I own two other Echos and have no problems. To bad Amazon doesn't stand behind anything the sell you.	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound wasn’t clear, it sounded buffed. Alexa is not as smart and all models doesn’t quickly respond. Maker her smarter and make her pick up voice better.The older dot had better sound quality.	1	December 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s very bad at hearing. You have to yell at it for it to hear you. The old version better.	2	January 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have several Alexis units and I purchased this one in order to run my door lock which previously worked with Alexa but it required a hub. When the hub started charging six dollars a month to use, I thought well why not try the new Alexa with the integrated hub.  Sadly, they weren’t compatible so I have an extra device that I have no use for.	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Even at the lower volumes, bass is crackly.  Started 5 months after purchase.  Pretty much useless as a speaker now.	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	After purchasing the product I installed the product software as instructed so I could pair ALEXA with my IPAD.  When attempting to pair the device the process stalled and a chat window opened.  A fake tech support person asked me if they could remote into my computer and try to fix the issue.	1	July 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	had to call amazon tech support to get it set up	2	June 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I did that picture to your useless product because every game or anything we tried after installing it would not hear us or skip clues your products as far as Alexa suck	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was very disappointed in the sound that came out of these for the price I paid.  I love the sound that comes out of the old Echos,  but these round ones I am not happy with.  I literally have  every speaker Amazon makes.  These are not my favorite.	1	July 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can't get it work right	2	August 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I've spent one hour with one Amazon tech and one and a half hours with another Amazon tech and they couldn't figure out why my new Echo wouldn't connect with my internet. I have two Echo Dots that have never experienced this problem. I'm frustrated and it's wasted a lot of my time. Unfortunately, it is now past the return deadline so I can only have it replaced.	1	February 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We are on our third replaced unit.Alexa doesn't respond, cannot find things she found before and sometimes stops working altogether.	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I paid extra for premium sound and I really don't think its that great. Very disappointed.	2	March 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Difficult to set up with wifi and app with 0 customer support help, it's just collecting dust at this point	1	March 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Was not z wave. It was zeebee wave. There is a difference!  Quality better, but still not $50 better	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Play back has a lot of static when it is pair up in a ""group"" with another Echo"	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Same quality as a 2nd echo. Gonna return it	2	July 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am constantly having to reset it	1	June 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Performance and sound quality does not measure up to cost.  More efficient and less costly alternatives	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had this device for less than 10 months and stop working. I called amazon thinking that I have 1 year of manufacture warranty but I did not. I am surprised this device lasted for less than a year and that Amazon did not want to replace it	1	September 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Looks like a mini bowling ball; sound is not that much better from my other echo - I wasn’t impressed at all. The mic’s pick up is better on this one. These new echos (I bought 2 dots and 1 echo) are a bit of a rushed for me - they improved on 1 aspect and regressed on some. Engineering means progress, and if it’s not broken, don’t fix it!	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not a fan.  Spent almost an hour and had to get support involved in trying to get this echo to recognize my wife's Spotify as I got tire of the message that Alexa could not play specific songs unless I paid for Prime Music.  Very annoying	1	September 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wish I stopped with the second and third generation. Adding 4th gen always messes up my echosystem.  Studio 1, Echo plus, and the latest echo and smart devices. Add them to your web, and nothing works right. It’s more stress than it’s worth and I will not buy another.	1	August 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I practically need to yell to Alexa to respond.  Also, Alexa will not recognize a request unless you s l o w-l y  e-n u n- c i-a t e every syllable of every word.  It *frequently* drops the connection to the internet signal.  Unimpressive range of projected sound, even at maximum volume.	1	June 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn’t go that loud	2	July 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa can not understand English. Very annoying to get her to understand what you are asking.	2	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	was very disappointed at abilities to answer simple questions. couldn't recognize most of the countries or even regular news. attaches to your profile from all of the apple products and guessing what you want without giving you an ability to override. horrible way to collect and analyze data without permission of the owner	1	July 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t do some of the things my older echo does. “Follow up mode is not supported on this device”.	2	December 18, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The Echo will NOT stay online.  It constantly kicks itself off the internet making it a worthless paperweight.  Tried tech support.  They told me to unplug it.  Wow...  Do not purchase.  Will not reconnect.  Once in a while, it will be online for about 20 minutes throughout the day.  Worthless.  ""Sorry, I am having trouble understanding right now.  Please try again later""."	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought 2 to pair with my echo sub and  if your lucky enough to not get a ""network error"" they constantly cut out, constantly lose internet connection, takes over a minute to play a song, turn off lights ect if you are lucky enough for the echo to even undrstand the command the first time. Furthermore, the sound is not any better than the 3rd gens that I have. Returning!"	1	November 6, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	does everything great  .... except for the volume... music volume at normal and then can not hear alexa's voice.  turn up alexa and music is super loud.  Not sure how to resolve. Have seen other comments that are similar.	1	November 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Great upgrade on sound from previous versions - but the microphone for listening to you voice isn’t that good - I often activate the Alexa in my office 20 ft away before this one recognizes my voice"	2	December 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was supposed to be better at voice recognition.  Not so far; the 3rd generation echo works much better.	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Worst customer service when it comes to Trade-in. I had a 3rd gen echo in perfect condition. When I traded-in I got a vague reply saying I sent incorrect item. I even called customer care but they are asking me to return the 4th gen device. Very bad customer service.There is no point upgrading to this device if you are already on 3rd gen.  The quality difference is minimal.	1	December 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Caused more problems than it solved.  Not getting the Alexa thing.	2	May 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure if there is a problem with microphone it is not listening properly and randomly need to unplug and plug it.After multiple chat with customer care returning it. Since they cannot replace the device	1	November 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	What a piece of garbage! It is not easy to set up and you have to take up space on your phone for it. I've had it for a few months. It just stopped working and she can't even tell me who I should call to fix it.	1	September 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Spent over 2 hours with tech support and could not get my Echo 4 to work because it was not registered. Total waste of time. Do not recommend unless you like being frustrated.	1	December 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to legit scream at the top of myLungs for this idiot alexa to listen to my commands. Mind you, its placed a foot from my head next to my bed. Not ideal. My blood pressure has raised from the stress of this stupid thing ignoring me. I cant talk in a normal voice like I can with the echo dot in the kitchen. What a colossal failure	1	November 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s hard for it to hear me and to respond when asking her to do a task.	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is terrible... I constantly have to repeat myself! Would not buy again.	2	March 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not know what the hype is all about.	2	May 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	After a few months the speakers started sounding like there was a short. Extremely loud crackling / spark noise.	2	December 18, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The eco don’t work, I have try everything I read online, it still didn’t work, can’t send it back cuz I trash the box it. Same in. When you try to connect to the WiFi, it would say say your eco is not connected but the eco itself will have a red light on , when this happens it only play through the ap in the phone.	1	January 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	After it was correctly programmed, it still failed to play the correct music. It became more frustrating than it was worth. Just another Chinese made junk toy that you don’t need.	1	December 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality that Amazon brags about is highly exaggerated. Doesn't sound any better than the hockey puck dot. Don't waste your money.	1	February 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	When using all my echos in group mode, the newer ones lag to music	2	February 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The only way to benefit from the 3 speakers is to have at max volume, it's nice looking though.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Wanted echo that showed time and weather and was an alarm.This did not do it or I could not figure out how to make it do it.	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The product is amazing. What’s not amazing is Amazon’s customer service. Instead of crediting me 30 dollars because this item went on sale before I received the product, Amazon told me to return and repurchase the item. It was a gift and I would not receive the product after returning until mid January. The product is very nice, but on a consumer level, the customer service is mediocre.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I liked the design and the idea of getting premium sound from and echo. I was wrong, the design is great, but the sound quality is sub par. Maybe even on par with the echo dot. If i had not already given away my previous dot i would have returned this one.	1	June 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Too much bass.  Ok for music, horrible for voice.	2	April 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Muy grande para mi gusto y el sonido no es como lo describen, al conectarlo con el tv se pierde la mitad del sonido del tv, hubiese preferido tener dos de los echo dot, que uno solo para el tv. Tampoco lo puedo devolver porque lo compré por mi casillero de envíos internacionales. Que triste	1	May 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	sound is an upgrade from the dot but the bluetooth lag is horrible. not even close. not worth the $100 tag.even sound quality is bad, there is a lot of static. we can hear the crackling sound.update: i keep shouting at it, the mic on it is horrible. i regret the day i traded the dot  for this over priced ball of junk	1	December 3, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as good as the previous generations	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Had previous version and this one i have to say primpt word loud and twice often.	2	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mic is horrendous. Previous version could year you. This version of the echo doesn't work that well when you say the wake word. This is what happens when the engineers get over ruled by some designer idiot that thinks a round shape is better.	1	August 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This small echo spot kept loosing recognition to devices.	1	May 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This version is much more glitchy. Its terrible.  Dont buy it. I wish i had sent mine back. Its huge. The sound quality was better foe awhile now its tinny. I want my money back. It so frustrating.  I am sure the neighbors hear me yelling at it. It gets the simpliedt things wrong. Its horrible.	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Purchased December 2020, unit apparently has gone deaf; requires unplugging to restore hearing.  When speaking to it, unit will visually indicate it hears you however, like a 3 year old, will not respond.	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone is a disasters. It barley take my voice command. Even my first generation echo dot has a better microphone to take voice command. I like the sound and pairing two echo make a very nice stereo sound. Both of my 4th gen echo has the microphone issue and I wonder if this due to bad quality of hardware or is a software issue.	1	December 21, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The devices will shut off in the middle of audiobooks or playing music. I’ve had to unplug and reset them almost weekly since setting them up in December. Unfortunately I purchased them for Kohl’s at Christmas as gifts for the house and they cannot be returned once open, otherwise they would be! I DO NOT recommend this device!!!	1	April 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was surprised at the quality of base and the projection of sound the small device produces I can hear it with total clarity throughout the entire day in my home	1	December 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Thought I could use this just like our Alexa downstairs but that was NOT the case	2	January 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not ready for primetime. All of my Phillips Hue lightbulb and strip lights did not automatically connect. After an hour and 45 minutes on the phone with Amazon tech support I was on!y able to reconnect a single Phillips Hue lightbulb. The rest are useless as far as automation goes.	1	June 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I tried it for a day. I flip back and forth with who uses it all throughout the day with my partner. Every time you connect a phone it announces ""Justin's phone has connected to Alexa Echo"". It's terrible, especially when you need to keep the volume up but it's nighttime and someone is sleeping. Absolutely unusable.Sounds good I think."	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Update to previous review. Received a call from Amazon tech support. They walked me through resetting the device now it work fine and started recognizing me. Also the built in hub works great with Phillip hue bulbs with buying a separate hub. I still have a bid issue it hearing me in whisper mode, I have to repeat several times . Which is very annoying at night times.	1	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I know this is a strange review. When it worked it was awesome. Unit fell from bar and now I have a round ass paper weight. Warranty info is harder to find than a Unicorn. Amazon should give you one with prime membership. So you can say “Alexa order me two bags of Sour Patch Kids stat”.	1	March 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is a complete disappointment. I am going back to my 2 gen. The new Alexa sounds horrible. Voice recognition is just as bad.  Adjusting in the app, is worthless.  Can’t respond while playing music.  Unless you yell at it, this version is just not worth the aggravation.  This was my replacement.  Now both can go back.	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tried to do setup with my desktop and it will not work. IIs forcing me to go out and get a smartphone. Rather irritating.	1	January 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Would have been real nice to know that this HUB DOESN'T WORK WITH Z WAVE TECH! Couldn't use my Lutron Castea smart switches that were hooked to my WINK hub. Looks like I'll have to buy another hub in order for my Schlage smart lock to work and luton switches to work.Thanks AMAZON for being upfront about this.....NOT	1	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The bass in the audio stopped working, which makes this useless.  I bought it December 20th, 2021.  It's now broken on August 28th,2021.It lasted 9 months and broke.Update: the bass comes back on after about 5 minutes.	1	August 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Would not connect our internet.  Support was no help.  Now its too late to return.  Not very happy with this tech support at all.  I would really like to return it.  I don't feel 30 days is enough time for electronic return.	1	July 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	no added featkures  does not follow commands immediately	2	May 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My older model Echo devices worked far better, sounded equally as good and bluetooth worked more reliably.	1	March 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was great the first week.  Then is stopped playing any music except very sporadically.  It will not play Prime music or Pandora.	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Even when there is total silence things have to be repeated or nothing happens at all.	2	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this for my 82 year old mom to entertain her and help her turn on/off the lights. As other 1 star reviewers mentioned the mic quality is very poor, the Alexa doesn’t hear you well so you have to shout at it , and it doesn’t understand over half of your commands, will be returning soon	1	February 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	They have prioritized bass over fidelity, if that's all you care about buy the sub woofer. The fidelity is far worse; the microphone terrible compared to previous generations.Did you want a smart speaker that can only hear shouting? Boy are you in luck!	1	July 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Isn’t hearing me as well as older dot returning it to try 4 th gen dot.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 The video speaks for itself, I was happy upon arrival as the sound quality is amazing and Alexa is super responsive. The burn out on the material is a big NO NO, and makes this product not worth the 99$ Spent. Please keep in mind, I only had it a few weeks."	1	August 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This 4th gen Echo will not pair with two Philips hue lights.  I have a 1st gen Echo Plus that pairs with them just fine, so I'll stick with my old device and return this.  I guess newer is not always better.	1	August 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	El empaque del producto llego en mal estado parece abierto venia junto con focos de obsequio y llego igual el empaque, el echo presenta fallas ya que cuando le doy mucho volumen sale un olor a quemado del interior, la devolucion del producto me sale costosa ya que vivo en ecuador, y no obtengo respuesta por parte de amazon .	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound but disappointed with the white power cord (Echo is charcoal color)	2	January 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I only use it to turn on lights.I can't get the @#&$# lights to go off. All notifications r off and it STILL is on.Beyond that I FKNG HATE THE ECHO!  Alexa is a huge pain and most of what you might want it to do it wont. WASTE OF MONEY!DO NOT NOT NOT BUY	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Our first generation echo that we bought refurbished worked better then this one out of the box!	1	March 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	does not work , bad quality. I'm partially deaf I left the review I disliked it and got spammed with phone calls I don't talk on the phone. They don't make it easy to do anything with the products they make if you dislike it .	1	July 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	suck.  Till this day I still can't get it to work as advertized.  Terrible product and very poor customer support.  You outsource your tech support to India and people there not too friendly.  Terrible overall.  Especially the tech support team, did not help but piss me off more.	1	May 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Very disappointed in the microphone... Command recognition is dreadful and announcements made from this device to others sound terrible, often unrecognizable. We have several different Alexa devices and this is the worst (Sonos beam is the best, most likely due to the True Play functionality).I didn't buy it to play music, so I can't speak to it's ""premium sound"" quality."	1	January 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not overly happy, takes up more room on counter, don’t like big round ball, I send to have gen 1, worked week, was som giant eyesore, now it is typical of Amazon stealing a design of something that sells better, taking as there own.  Shame!	1	July 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition	1	June 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don't get me wrong it's a great product. My issue is when I give it a command it hears something else. Example: I ask Alexa to play a certain channel from Sirius XM it plays something entirely different. This can be so frustrating.	1	August 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	AWFUL. This is literally the WORST “upgrade” I’ve made. The shape, The lack of understanding that “Alexa” has, the way I have to pretty much YELL for any kind of response.Do yourself a favor, don’t “upgrade” and Hang on to your old reliables.	1	July 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Way too many negative reviews. I bought it then canceled the order because of all the complaints about lousy microphone reception. Having to yell or repeat commands in order for Alexa to respond is not a plus for me.Sounds like the older version is still better.I don’t want to waste my time or money on an inferior product.Maybe the next release!!	1	November 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This device has way too much bass for the style of music that I listen to.  If I could have adjusted it to enhance my style, I may not have returned it.  Ultra bass does NOT mean premium.  The product description should be updated.	1	June 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The first model sounds better.	2	July 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not only is the 3rd gen louder overall it’s microphone picks up so much better than the 4th. Overall not impressed I would return it if I could 😬	1	December 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great device, when it has audio. Often loses audio and you have to unplug it to reset it. That is not good, when you are counting on it to wake you.	1	December 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	El volumen	2	July 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphones don't work very well. I have the generation 2 echo and the mics always worked well but with this new Echo device I had to continually repeat and it had issues understanding questions. I assumed that software updates might fix the issue but it has been 3 months and no improvement so I returned.	1	March 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Me desagrada que no siempre me escucha cuando le hablo	2	March 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this for increased sound quality and expected the easy set up for which “Alexa” products are known. Awful! All the garbage like allowing pop ups and linking…just terrible.	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It can't hear me properly.  I have an echo dot from several years ago and it hears me fine.  This one always misunderstand or doesn't or replies with a misunderstood word.  Then it replies really loud at 1 a.m. that it can't understand me.  Then I yell at it to shut the F up.	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is horrible. Very disappointed. I moved it to my bedroom.	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Set an alarm to wake me it does not go off…also bass is not very noticeable …sad to say we are very disappointed…first real bad product from Echo.	1	December 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	sound quality is good not as responsive as the old echo	2	March 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The color, white, of the cord cheapens the look of the device, grey.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Setup is complicated!	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"What a huge disappointment! I was expecting so much from the 4th generation echo but was let down from it's mediocre sound, lack of bass, and inability to properly connect with my other echo devices without static and constant dying out. My 2nd generation far surpasses the sound quality of this ""new"" product. Sending mine back due to pairing issues and lack of sound quality."	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Volume is not consistent. Changes all by it self. Loud. Soft. Very annoying. Sending back	1	March 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Less base than previous puck style.  Why it cost more I don’t know.	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is a definite downgrade from the first gen Echo.  This produces sound more like a second gen echo dot.  Also, the twilight blue is gray... mine looks nothing like the pics.  It’s neither blue nor white.  It wasn’t expensive, but I promptly plugged my first gen echo back in and will use this in a small room.	1	December 3, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Half the time it does not connect to wifi or recognize my voice	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	You have to constantly keep power cycling it to hold on to the Internet connection. I am not happy at all. I bought four of these and I would like to return them all! I am so done with it it’s unreal!	1	July 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I hate this device	2	June 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I didn't want a speaker	2	May 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am unhappy with the new echos and find I have to repeat a command 2 times for Alexa to respond.  I will give it another week, but I’d it doesn’t improve I will be returning the 7 echos I purchased.	1	July 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	to be honest, it was a pain in the butt to download, i still have not used it......too much of a hassle setting it up LOL....im not a kid, i am 61 , takes time to understand......one day i'll get to it	1	July 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I didn't like the fact that some times it is busy doing stuff in the background.It will not respond at all sometimes.	1	February 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It goes off randomly and have to reset it at least once a week. Too much hassle to try to to get it replaced. Horrible customer service and process. It's time to change to Google Nest Audio Smart.	1	September 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is not playing KSBJ for us	2	April 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"So i paid the additonal money for the ""loudness "".  This item is barely competes with my dot 3rd additon.  Highly disappointed!! My friend has a first generation that puts this to shame!!  Can i have my hundred back???"	1	July 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ll change my review once AirPlay is added. Until then, we are just stuck in a war between tech companies not being consumer friendly and trying their best to limit choice.	1	November 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a dot and it picked up my voice great. This new echo 4 doesn’t and the sound it’s any better. Have to yell “Alexa” three times for it to hear me. Also came with an ugly white plug and wire for a black echo. Seems like they rushed this out. It’s not ready for prime time. Returning both of them ASAP.	1	November 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Worked for a month than stopped working	1	May 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	After reading some reviews about the echo not recognizing voice commands, I would think only a rare few would have this problem. I would never thought the one I order had the same problem. I tired restarting it and giving it a couple of tries maybe it would matter to me. Countless time echo failed my commands.	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This product arrived today and I was in disbelief of the condition it was in. It was dry out, when I opened the package it was full of water, box was opened and completely saturated all the way through.  I took a photo of it. Do you want it? Please let me know what to do. Thanks, Vicki	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The mic is terrible.  Inconsistent when it hears you.  Compared to the Echo plus 2nd gen that had a decent mic, this is a huge downgrade.  The sound from the speaker is fine but nothing spectacular.  Overall, don’t upgrade your current unit if you don’t have to or buy an earlier model if you can.	1	December 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing just straight sucks. It barely ever recognizes my voice and it will just stop playing music randomly and very often. If your looking for a voice assistant get a google home. They are much better at actually listening to you and still have great device support.	1	April 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Well, I was happy a new generation of Echo came out. I was sad to see it was a downgrade from the previous versions. It takes three times before Alexa acknowledges anything I'm saying. I've sent both back because they are the same in their time to react and to turn things off and on as well.  Not recommended!	1	November 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not a fan of the new style.  I also was disappointed in the power cord -Who wants a white cord with a charcoal echo?  I loved my first echo (had it since the echo was first introduced), but since it will not play Sirius XM I decided to try an upgrade.	1	February 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have Amazon prime never plays the song I want	1	April 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	most times I have to ask the questions more then once when I ask it for weather it gives me the temp my google assistant was a1000X's better.  Sorry I bought it.  Also when I ask to stream i heart radio it shuts off automatically by it self	1	March 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have the first generation echo at my main residence.  I bought this one for a vacation house.  This 4th generation speaker is about 50% as good as the first.  It's like listening to a cheap radio with way too much base, even when turned down to the lowest.  The original has amazing speakers.	1	December 18, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Unless I recieved a defective product there is no way you can day this produces a good quality musical listening experience. Very poor quality sound the bass creates just a loud annoying rumble rattle that drowns out the vocals even turned to the lowest setting.  This one should have never passed QC. I would not recommend this product	1	December 2, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Won’t connect at all	1	May 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No better than the 3rd generation save your money. Think this one is actually worse hardly understands commands. I have had every generation trust me save your money.....please read reviews this is not a 4 star plus deviceedit...  it’s worse than expected if I could give zero stars i would . Stay with older versions. Terrible	1	November 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I think my first generation unit is better sound quality. Second,  what's with the short white power cord on a dark grey unit? Third,  no matter what I do, it gives the inside temperature in Celsius. It  gives the outside temperature in Fahrenheit. I wouldn't upgrade from this one from previous generations.	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is terrible. The rest is good.	2	February 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Often doesn’t play correctly. It’s sound breaks up and skips similar to when you’re outside of a radio single. The sound is muffled at times. I think it’s a lemon and Not sure what to do with it? It’s past the return window	1	May 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Never works correctly. All amazon products are terrible.	1	April 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Al momento de configurar éste Gadget con la aplicación de Alexa, me aparece como Echo de 3ra. generación. Me siento estafado si me vendieron algo como (4ta. generación) una cosa y recibí otra, Por eso necesito que me expliquen que sucedió y si en realidad lo que recibí es de lo que ofrecieron en la pagina.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Para música, consultas y alertas de compras	1	April 30, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I really like the speaker. The bass is much improved over the two previous echo devices I owned. Unfortunately, Amazon did not credit me my 25% discount I was supposed to get with my Amazon devices I traded in to them. The customer service after the discount wasn’t applied was even worse, simply clueless. Very disappointing!	1	December 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The statement “Premium Sound” is a bad description for this product. The description for this product should state, the sound is not better than the previous generation.	1	December 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound was terrible.	2	April 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We have a Spotify account but can only get one of two phones to work with it. I have tried multiple times to try to get it to work with no luck. Very disappointed. Please fix this issue as it seems to be very common. Love the sound quality but hate the device.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone is absolutely horrible. You have to be right next to the Echo and yell at it multiple times before it answers. Our Echo Show 8, and Dots in another rooms answer before this Echo answers. It needs to be fixed.	1	May 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Works when she feels like it.	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Okay, but the microphone sometimes does not catch my commands. I kinda regret trade-in my 1st generation for this new generation. The style is nice but not big difference in sound from the 1st generation to this one, what is different and wish I had read the reviews is the microphone, terrible.	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The darn thing WILL NOT stay connected to the internet. We have Cox Gigablast so no cheap service. I am about ready to through it out!!!!	1	December 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m disgusted. It’s a piece of garbage. I got my replacement device which is more broken than the first one. Mine would intermittently reset as a new Alexa in the middle of the night. That would wake me up by saying welcome to Alexa repeatedly in the middle the night.	1	February 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone doesn’t work that well	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bass is good Music sound very good... the built in microphones are horrible. It keeps telling me it can't hear me.	1	January 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition barely understands what you say and the sound is not premium. My 10 dollar blue tooth speaker does better	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Speakers sound muffled and blown. Less than a year of use.	1	March 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound cuts out pretty frequently...we have the bass hooked up to it and that will continue but this speaker won't. I contacted sustomer support and was told I would get an answer in 1-2 days and never got anything. It will reset eventually but it incredibly frustrating when you are in the middle of something.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Really not impressed.	2	March 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The music starts and stops all day long. This system was about 1,000.00 plus 250 I paid to the geek squad. I am miserable with the chaotic controls. I can’t even enjoy my LivingRoom.	1	September 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I want to integrate the two Echos; one in the living room, one in my office.  I CANNOT find a way to do that.I want to play Amazon Prime music (not Amazon music for a fee).  I CANNOT find a way to do that.	1	February 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can be standing right next to it, and it does not always respond. It is the worst echo device I have, and I have purchased lots of them.  If it works, it is OK, but it works less often than it works.  Thumbs down!	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Z wave didn’t work	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing can't hear worth crap. The Gen 1 it replaced was significantly better. It has also started to stop responding entirely. To give you an idea for just how bad it is, the echo dots in other rooms hear me before this one does.	1	April 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Will not stay connected to the Internet. The customer support tech stuck to the script, and didn’t even listen to things I said to her. The sound isn’t much better than my original Echo (that died). These devices are not improving, and, even at a discount, they aren’t worth the price for what they do.	1	December 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Wanted it for a speaker for tv , unable to set it up	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	She can't hear me well. Microphone failure.	3	November 3, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is poor at higher volume	2	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was a pain in the butt	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is NOT as good has expected.	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is about the same as Siri	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can't get it to connect	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had the same quality sound with my first generation echo and I have to yell at this to get its attention.Pure waste of money.	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	He tenido un problema, solo enciende cuñado está conectada a la corriente eléctrica, me parece que tiene un problema de batería, yo vivo en Costa Rica lo compré en un viaje a Orlando FlQuedo atento a que me indique que hacer	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If it only did what you asked it it’d be great. But if the thing says oh by the way “some self-promotional verbiage Amazon wants me to hear that I don’t care about whatsoever” one more time I’m going to chuck it out of the window.	1	February 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have tried many times to connect my Echo. I have watched many YouTube videos re: connecting the device, but it hasn't helped.	1	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Its no better than our echo plus plays awhile then quits give it requests and it locks up	1	January 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	not as responsive as my old Echo	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor sound quality.	1	May 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is great, but it is incredibly unresponsive and a genuine pain to deal with. Our Gen2 model is far more responsive and consistent. I had high hopes for this model, but it has turned out to be a speaker rather than a smart assistant.	1	March 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	All other Alexa/Amazon products surpasses this version but something other then this	1	March 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	A two-year-old understands me better than this Alexa. I don't know what they did in this gen, but it is the worst Alexa they brought to market. Replacing it with Apple or Google soon.	1	September 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	In a perfectly quiet room Echo frequently doesn't respond. It doesn't matter how close I am to the unit. I have 4 echo dots and a flex and they all respond immediately to the wake word. I will return this unit as defective and request a replacement.	1	January 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mediocre at best. Returned.	2	February 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	For premium sound, it's not that great. I'm comparing it to the earlier version premium sound Alexa.  Not impressed at all. I bought this because I really loved the earlier version premium sound Alexa.  Also, voice  recognition isn't very good.  Don't recommend.	1	February 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Alexa won’t even play music after you ask her to & she says ok!?... you can ask her to play a million songs... she says ok & no music comes out... you have to manually make her play it from your phone!?... this has not happened with ANY of my other Alexas!!!	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a 2nd gen, and it is able to answer more questions and it is able to understand more of what I say. My opinion is, save your money and keep the older generations.	1	July 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tell ya what, include two Alexa wall Plug-ins and I’ll leave a full review.Thx	1	February 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa keeps getting this bug where it will not connect to the internet. Every other device connects but Alexa. She is stationed right next to the router. It’s a waste of money to buy something that rarely works properly.	1	April 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It work for about 3 months and right now I can’t turn it on	1	February 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Set up was not easy	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Pure JUNK.Could not even answer a simple question as to what the odds were on the Super Bowl game. SIRI gave them to me instantly.AND>>>I am being very kind and forced to give this piece of junk a 1 star rating above.	1	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The unit was not intuitive, nor working properly. It would not integrate with my Echo Dot, nor do stereo. Overall, I am very disappointed.	1	November 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This new generation sucks! I’m constantly having to repeat myself and scream at Echo before it executes the most simple commands, the same commands which are repeated throughout the day. I think the design with the recognition on the bottom is idiotic! Don’t waste your money!	1	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was not clear on the box that you have to pay another $10/month for it to work very misleading	1	January 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Product worked fine on initial install but has stopped and won’t reconnect to wifi, now customer service is giving me a hard time over the phone with a replacement. What a mistake I made purchasing this device.	1	June 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	When this device is delivered to me I will give my view about it.	1	February 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	doesn't seem to hear me without me shouting.  it's not a setting thing.  just the way it is.	1	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Big disappointment.	2	February 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am SO sick of ALL my Alexa devices not working!!!! I give feedback through the app, unplug them nearly DAILY to restart them and I’m about to throw them ALL in the garbage!	1	June 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Am returning this speaker, as I thought I would be able to use it without Wi-Fi, but not the case.	1	December 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This version’s voice recognition is very poor. You have to stand near the device and yell for it to hear you. Even then, if often misinterprets your command. Audio quality is good, but the device itself is basically impossible to use.	1	March 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon Makes it Hard to Turn OFF Notifications - It should not require dozens of clicks and swipes within the APP to turn off a feature that you never asked for. Coercive. Intrusive. Monopolistic behavior.	1	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition / should only recognize  the owners voiceBut is not like that	1	January 24, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The audio quality isn't that much better than an echo dot and I am wondering if it has less microphones because we have to speak to it louder than the other devices here in our house. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY	1	March 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The microphone is bad	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Speaker not working right. Sound is terrible.	2	November 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Constantly malfunctions. Went through all troubleshooting steps and still does not stay connected to Wi-Fi or to my LED lights. Very frustrating.	1	December 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Horrible voice recognition, impossible to communicate with unless you are yelling. My 3rd generation dot can hear me in the kitchen when I’m yelling at this one in the living room. Terrible waste of money and we purchased two.	1	April 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Signed up for a trial free prime for 30 days, on April 30.  Now every time we ask Alexa to play a particular song, she says  we must sign up for prime music at 7.99???????	1	May 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have to repeat my command or pause longer after ""Alexa"".  It does sound better than the Echo Dot 3 but the microphone/software is poorer at picking up my voice than my old Echo Dot."	1	May 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tried setting it up and it seemed like it was working, but I was mistaken.	1	January 31, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Responsiveness is terrible	2	February 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We bought to work with our Blink video doorbell.  We never did get it to ring.	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The white power cord looks ridiculous. Microphone is awful forcing you to yell. Sound quality is not as good as the Echo Plus. I'm very disappointed with the overall quality and wish I wouldn't have traded in my Plus. Would not buy again.	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Yeah! I know, that's what I'm trying to do. Maybe stay in setup mode long enough for me to do that.	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality of awful.	2	December 27, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is amazing!!!!!	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker only worked for a couple of months, i wanted to ask for a refund or replacement, talked to 9 different people no one was able to provide any help. DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!	1	June 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It stinks. Prepare to walk over and yell in it’s ear every time you try to communicate with it. I hate it now because it makes using Alexa an inconvenience. Stick with any other generation that can hear you.	1	March 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stereo is broken less than two years after purchase	1	March 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not many uses	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I did not like it.	1	March 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great	2	February 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I replaced an older model with this one and seriously regret it. The voice recognition is terrible. Expected better from Amazon.	1	December 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	she’s slow asf- and pisses me off when trying to play music. i have apple music connected yet every time i try to play a song she goes over EVERYTHING about an amazon music subscription and is not able to play the song	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	this model has problems please fixed don't buy it	1	February 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you're concerned about aesthetics and plan to order the charcoal one, note that it only comes with a white adapter and cord. A serious design/sourcing miss in my opinion.	1	June 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The mic sucks, when addressing this eco my eco dots in other rooms pick up my voice better, the sound quality us not better , only if your sitting right in front of it,  spent more money for a worse product, very diappointed	1	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	often totally misses commands.  Wish I had my previous echo back.  Since there is no trade-in opportunity available, my only option is to investigate a google version.All-new Echo (4th Gen) is a loser	1	February 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Product was defective out of the box.  Got panhandled through FIVE different reps to get product returned.	1	December 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I haven't called your tech support yet but out of all the echo dots and Alexa I bought  this one responds it will play a song and no music follows ??	1	July 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible. Will not connect to my WiFi. spent hours on the phone with Amazon and AT&T with nothing resolved. It was a birthday present in November 2020 and its March 2021 and still not connected. Worse experience ever.	1	March 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a glorified speaker, timer and clock.  Any music I ask it to play does not play.  Unless I bluetooth another device.  Very disappointed.	1	September 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is easy to use even if you are not computer savvy. I love everything about it.	1	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality isn’t great, it’s not crisp, and it sounds muffled. The microphone/voice recognition also isn’t as good as the cheaper echo dot with clock version. I may return it.	1	May 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	After reporting that it had good sound and was cute, it stopped working!  I can’t find anything in the manual nor online about what to do.  Can anyone help?	1	July 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Really frustrating to make this device respond,  one has to literally shout at it and ensure no sound in the surrounding environment. The Echo flex, which by all means has a worse speaker, does a flawless job when placed near and respond....	1	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	La verdad muy decepcionado no es lo me muestra no se conecto mas a mi wifi	1	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The first generation echo is about 25 ft past this one and recognizes voice and responds before this one.  This one also gets disconnected from internet when fist generation doesn’t.  I am not impressed.	1	March 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My music is stored on my iPad.  Alexa on my Echo, does not connect with by iPAD via Bluetooth from less than 1 foot away.  The Echo instructions do not cover this issue.  1 star for 0 customer support.	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stupid	2	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Call Alexa. Light flashes but it does not answer then turns off	1	February 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Al parecer vino con algún desperfecto de fábrica se traba en medio de las canciones y algunas veces no responde al comando de voz, me siento decepcionado con la compra de la echo 4"	1	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	What a waste of money.  Doesn’t function most of the time.  I just unplugged it.	1	December 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It isn't any better than other generations when it comes to connectivity. It will turn devices on with command, but won't turn them off. I feel like I wasted my money by trying to upgrade. Probably going to return this item.	1	December 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	For whatever reason I can't set up this Alexa Echo.  It is in the orange light.	1	December 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We ordered  the echo on black but the cord we received with it was white. We need a black cord sent or we will have to return the item and get something else. Will someone do that?	1	February 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing thinks it is capable of thinking. It cuts you off. Has an issue with its listening skills. Am very disappointed that this tool has not truly evolved to a higher degree.  Am sorry I have it.	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Still have not been able to get Alexa to work.Lack of set up info.	1	January 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Total disappointed performance..!I tried exchanging for a new one, and with this second unit... the same problem..!!!The speaker distorts high notes as if vibrating totally out of tune ..!	1	June 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Won’t pair to fire stick	1	March 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	These things are big, bulky, and heavy.  Basically a bowling ball from your desk.  In addition, they suck electricity like its free.	1	October 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Cannot maintain any sort of connection to stream music which is all this unit is used for. I would very much like to toss it in the trash	1	July 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The echo ANNOUNCES loudly everytime it connects/reconnects to any devices, even in the middle of the night. There’s no remedy for this problem and it renders the device unusable. DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!	1	May 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo is terrible it barely responds to my voice it's constantly pausing and going off line I wouldnt recommend this product and if you don't return it within 30 days you won't get a refund	1	March 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It interferes with my Bluetooth stereo. It doesn’t want to play my Spotify music and it contantly playing Amazon music. So I tried the Amazon music n unsatisfied with the music. I want my money back!	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor quality sound sometimes muffled which does not live up to expectations nor the high price point.  Wife did not like the limited edition red color.  Color coded leads would have been a nice touch.	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tried numerous times with the help of Amazon to get this hooked up properly and it still is not hooked up and it is still not working. Total waste of money.	1	May 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	For the price it not much louder then the echo dot and the older echo gen 3 are a lot louder when coming to play music. The plus side is it has a cool look.	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	La verdad tiene muchos defectos y no es?muy funcional para mi	1	January 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Won't answer commands and freezes up when you ask anything	1	January 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is terrible in comparison to all my other Alexa’s. My older Alexa will respond in another room before this one acknowledges anyone. I missed the return window thinking I could get it up to speed.	1	February 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing doesn't understand a thing. I look in the app and confirm that it knows skills but the echo acts like it doesn't.	1	October 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We never use this device. It sits in the bedroom taking up space and getting in the way and collects dust. The lighted base turns on when we are sleeping, which is a distraction. Not very useful.	1	January 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	If it worked without a $99.95 a year subscription to who ever, it might be nice, but I can't get it to work with out it.	1	August 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Literally a foocking spam machine unless you pay for amazon subscriptions, not worth it.I use it only as a portable bluetooth speaker now days.	1	July 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Alexa set a timer for 5 minutes turns into a ""by the way...did you know..."".  Brief mode does absolutely nothing.  I hate these things and will be replacing them with simple bluetooth speakers."	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Functional, but definitely poor sound quality. Voice recognition seems to be fine. The sound quality of music is horrible. The 2nd generation is so much better. I’m sending it back and either getting a studio or the 2nd Gen.	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This had a crackly sound to it right away - almost like a blown speaker.  Also, not very loud.  I upgraded to the Studio and couldn't be happier.	1	June 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have tried setting it up numerous times and it simply does not workWould return the device but my cleaning staff threw away the box.	1	September 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don't like it because it takes too much time to respond and it's not recognizing the Wake word Echo you have to say it a few times	1	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does nothing of value. Save your money	1	March 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not premium audio. Very disappointed. Very tempted to return for refund	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Upon initial setup, it was clear this device was broken internally because it wouldn't maintain an internet connection	1	November 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Since they upgraded the new hub can't seem to hear me if I stand on top of it and shout but all of the other dots all over the house can hear me if I whisper	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	She broke two days after receiving it. Trying to return.	1	January 19, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Llevo casí todo el día intentando configurar la alexa y no me funciona por alguna razón no se conecta al internet ya la reinicie de fabrica, desinstale la app y nada que funciona por favor ayuda.	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Person for whom this product was meant for did not want the article.	1	December 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	purchased to interface with current 2 devicesthat does not happendisappointed	1	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We bought this for our kitchen and it never works. I have to scream Alexa 10 times before she recognizes me and even then she completely answers with some bogus answer. It’s very frustrating.	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stops working after a few songs	1	February 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have to say ""Alexa five or six times before she wakes. Sound is good, but geez, having to yell at the device to have it recognize I'm speaking to it is not optimal."	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality is seriously lacking. I have to yell at her even, when I’m not even 2 feet away! the sound on the 2nd generation was so much better. 🙄	1	April 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	ehhhh. bummer about this one. it lags and i think it’s racist.	1	December 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	You have to literally scream for this echo to hear you. It’s unbelievable. My previous generation echo I moved to master bath keeps connecting instead. Who in the hay did the QA on this thing?	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not the best sound wise. But very smart.	1	January 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not impressed with the new echo. Will stop playing music randomly. Also looses network connection all the time. Tried for almost a year to get Amazon to resolve the Issues. No luck. Done with the Echos.	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Me gasté un montón de plata para traermelo a Perú. No funciona la app de Spotify ""dice no disponible en la región"" asi como lg thinq y otras apps por la cual lo traje. Una porqueria"	1	January 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was an early adopter of the Echo. My first generation has better sound quality & output. If you’re buying this an upgrade for sound, save your money.	1	June 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s okay. Not the best. I had the generation 1 and loved that you could turn the top for volume. This is alright. Does sound loud but nothing different. They should of made it better for the price.	1	October 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	ordered 3. received only one of the 2.  2 at 34 /36 dollars each. a third one at 99 dollars	1	October 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	ALexa would not sync and did not recognize most voice commands.  Would not even play music	1	November 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Muy pequeño	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	She doesn’t take commands well but the speaker is great.Overall I have to send this one back but it’s really unfair to have to do tht	1	June 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not impressed with this at all...sound isn't any better that my Echo 1st Gen. Plus this came with an ugly white cord!!! Made the mistake of getting two of these...both going back, waste of $$	1	November 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This 4th gen unit does not recognize my voice anywhere near as well as the previous generation models. 30% of the time I have to repeat a command, and this is very annoying.	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Got a defective unit and am currently  about 8 hours into a phone call with customer support about it at the time of me writing this review. Enough said	1	April 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I spent 4 days trying to get this to work.  I also spent a couple hours with the help desk.  Finally after spending a lot of my time they decided the unit was defective.	1	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	junk	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just got mine in the mail and nothing works. It’s defective. They couldn’t even offer a replacement which means they’re out or on back order OR they’re having so many issues they stopped production. Not pleased	1	December 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Estoy en Guatemala y dice que la función de controlar mi tv con amazon no es compatible para mi país y tampoco el de llamadas telefónicas, básicamente compre una bocina cara para reproducir musica	1	January 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bad product… not easy to use … took it back	1	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t support the evil empire	1	February 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing records EVERYTHING you say. It’s like having a Fortune 500 Mega Corporation sit by your bedside and listen to every secret you’ve ever had	1	June 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 4 of them they not work i expected	1	January 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am using an Echo Dot in another room but this echo will not pair with wifi that is closer to it.	1	August 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon controls you by your amazon account and Alexa.	1	January 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	When I ask her something about ng besides weather. She says I can't connect . Not liking this unit. Was not worth the purchase	1	July 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition poor sound quality distorted when volume is turned up.	1	December 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Didn't get support to the app.Got the device with no added instructions	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is second one.. the first one would just stop playing so I return it and now this one is doing the same thing. It just stops playing music. This is the WORST!!!	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Word of caution with wood furniture.  I had placed this Alexa on our dresser only to find the rubber feet have eaten/ melted the finish on our $4K dresser.  Not happy!	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Kind of hard to rate something that only worked about 30 minutes after it came out of the box.  I called Amazon they told me to send it back and I still don't have the replacement.	1	November 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Please release a new firmware to which can let user to close a annoying voice announcement, while echo connect to my phone thru Bluetooth.	1	July 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Worked great for 3 months. Then completely stops working.	1	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This Echo would not connect to my Bluetooth speakers or Smart Light(tried two different brands). My three Echo dots connect to the Bluetooth speakers.	1	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I never should have ""upgraded"" to the 4th generation alexa. It is so unresponsive and glitchy when playing music and commands. I want to pitch it out the window."	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Didnt work at all. had to return it	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible breaks up when connected to my tv. Tried every troubleshooting fix I could find. Very disappointed and frustrated.	1	September 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not sure why, this gets muted automatically.	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It sucks	1	February 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The gen 3 had a much better non-directional mic.  This version, you need to speak directly to it.	1	October 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is too big and round.  Gen 3 is so much better to place around the house.  Why is the cord white?	1	June 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Muy mala calidad	1	February 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Would stop playing in the middle of a song. Often times it would just stop playing all together. Sent it back for a replacement.	1	June 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Save your money intrusive useless item	1	January 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Had really hard time for setup then after multiple attempts alexa app detected the new echo.Audio quality is good with good bass then previous but Alexa when responding it had low voice.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s not working correctly I wish someone can help	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I'm not sure why this ""smart"" Alexa is different from a regular 3rd version of the Alexa echo dot. Just spent $70 instead of $30.  Wish I could  return it"	1	January 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wasted a lot of time trying to get these people to stop the unwanted announcements from Alexa about re-purchasing items. I hate Alexa! Will dump them!	1	March 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa is very difficult to understand when she speaks, but I can understand the songs I request. I have not paired Alexa with any smart outlets as of now.	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible product.  Music cuts out repeatedly.  Has nothing to do with internet quality - my dot works flawlessly.Will be returning.	1	June 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I waited over 3 weeks to receive the Amazon 4th gen echo and it was defective out of the box.Now I have to wait 10 more days for a replacement, not happy.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm so disappointed. This is so frustrating. My *NEW echo is 10 times worse in understanding me. I've tried calibration, resetting, etc. All to no avail. I should have never upgrade.	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	You have to scream at it for it to hear and poor sound quality.  Amazon blew it on this device.  Hate the round look and white cord for black speaker.	1	December 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	the echo doesn't hear me - the sound is awful - sometimes I can't even understand what it's saying - wish I didn't buy it - totally disappointed	1	March 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Constantly goes offline. No issues with any other device in my house. Followed all the help steps and apparently it's just designed poorly.	1	June 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen		1	February 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible.poor audio quality. Cuts out all the time. Worse then talking to my kids.	1	November 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like everything!	1	January 27, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to set up can't figure it out.	1	December 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this generation Echo to play music and run home functions like turning on smart bulbs. Unfortunately it never recognized my voice.	1	May 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Interesting design. It is a matter of preference; I prefer the old model. Poor voice recognition, i find myself repeating commands several times and speaking louder. Miss the old model!	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Didn’t respond to requests as the previous echo did. I’m certain this item was defective so I returned it!  I will wait a few months before ordering it again	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It keeps turning off without notification	1	January 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Piece of crap,very disappointed microphone doesnt pick up your voice sounds not much better than the cheap echo.Do not buy!	1	July 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Could not get echo to network with other echos.  The setup app is very confusing, and did not help much.	1	July 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Let me start this off by saying.. this thing is monstrous. It is much bigger than any previous Echo I've had.I figured the ""superior"" sound was a good trade off for the size increase, but after playing the same songs on an Echo dot and this one, I noticed very very little difference (perhaps a more resounding bass).Needless to say, I had no where to place this comfortably and had to return it because it wasn't what it's chalked up to be."	3	September 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Got this for my Christmas present. Now it sounds like a tin can. Never been dropped or played at full volume. Not happy at all!	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Never connected to or anything	1	January 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had the Echo for exactly one week and somebody hacked into it.  They turn it on and then repeat things it hears or I say!	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The Echo 4 is horrible for voice recognition...unless you unplug/replug the device.  After the reboot, it will ""hear"" just fine...until it stops again.  Worthless as a Smart Assistant."	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Opté por la opción de regalo y agregué una nota especial. NUNCA AGREGARON NADA. Arruinaron la sorpresa. El producto está ok, no mucha mejoría en comparación con la versión anterior.	1	November 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice Recognition when you compare with other echo 2nd Generation and dot very bad I brought it Turkey if i had a chance I would return it	1	February 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very limited in what it does. Had Google and it answered questions.  It was funny too.  This play music and orders things and does not follow instructions well.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I placed my order on Thanksgiving and now I find that my order was Canceled!I'm left with no product and no deal.I did NOT cancel the order!NOT GOOD!	1	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The echo keeps locking up.	1	January 4, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The volume of Alexa is too low, while songs are fine	1	November 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The echo doesn’t respond to my voice commands all the time, especially when I want to play music.  Echo Dot works a lot  better.	1	March 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have taken all your tips and hints and still can't get my new echo to connect with my Wi Fi!	1	July 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 The sound just isn’t there. NO BASS, at all, for 100$ you could get the Logitech z337 Bluetooth. The same price and they blow the echo dot out of the water! I’ll be returning the echo dot 4th generation. Not impressed."	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I followed all the instructions, but I could not get the Alexa hub to work with my Sengled bulbs. So, I returned it.	1	March 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The device will not recognize its name after being used for a period of time. Have to keep unplugging it to reset.. annoying	1	April 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mic is no good and quailty seems to be at a hault.	1	November 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa don’t connect to Apple Music, she sets the alarm for the wrong time or goes off 15mins before the alarm is supposed to go off.	1	February 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	All my alexas constantly shut down for NO REASON. Internet is fine. Absolutely no help from you	1	August 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Why is the power cord white when I ordered a black Echo? The older generations have black cords. I wouldn’t have bought it had I known the cord was white.	1	December 6, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It came with a white cord instead of a black cord. It looks terrible.	1	October 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The echo dot is way better	1	December 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker got an upgrade but the mic didn’t. So not it has trouble hearing me. The speaker is blue and beautiful but it came with a white cord the doesn’t match at all.	1	December 4, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Disconnects easily and not as sharp as the regular Alexa in my experience but I love it nonetheless.	1	July 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Comes on all the time without being asked Then when you do need it’s not responsive	1	August 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Impossible to set up.	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sorry I can’t play right now.It’s basically 50/50 if this will be Alexa’s response to “turn off the lights” or “what’s the weather today”.	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not what I expected, Alexa is pretty dumb.Not to mention I seen it for sale much cheaper after it arrived.	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo falls asleep and you have to unplug the device and plug back in for it to hear or listen for your voice.  Very dissatisfied.	1	January 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Our new Alexa can’t hear us nearly as well as the old one.  It’s really disappointing.  We were happy with the old one.	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not portable. Returned the product	1	December 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can’t connect to my tv.	1	December 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	2 hours later still isn't hooked up. Thinking of throwing it in the trash.  Can you please make the hook up instructions more frigging difficult	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	No clock !!	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Complete waste of money.  Doesn't respond half the time, cancels my timers when I ask how much time is left, etc, etc	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	White cable with black Echo. Horrible.	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not as reponsive as google devices. When we have both, Alexa becomes useless. It doesn’t notify enough when completing sentences.	1	April 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My echo was shipped and sold through Amazon and I received a box of Pacifiers instead. I am very upset with Amazon for letting this happen.	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This device isn't shielded for the amount of speaker power. I put it on my nightstand and my ears rang and I got a headache.	1	January 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	No era lo que esperaba, no tengo control de la musica	1	October 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Connecting to devices is harder than it needs to be. Switched from a Google Home. Will be switching back.	1	May 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds Echoes and Bass sounds same for types of music. Sounds like echo in empty room	1	July 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is always saying that my tv is not connected and it is connected. Doesn't respond to my commands all the time. Very frustrating. Not connecting	1	December 21, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Zero bass. My 2nd generation echo sounds far superior to this. Also, you have to shout at her for her to hear you. Will be returning.	1	December 21, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Expected much better. The previous model sounded better with the surround speaker. Time to head back to the sound lab. Returned.	1	April 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Could not get it to work. My son has it and I was trying to see what the problem is	1	April 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's as if I always have to yell at her. Doesn't pick up my voice as good as my echo dot 1st generation.	1	February 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"To setup ""Plug in Echo and connect to the internet with the Alexa app."" Nope! Had to fumble around with the Alexa app manually for several minutes."	1	December 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I spent hours on the phone with tech support to establish interface with my calendars.	1	July 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Video	1	December 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Still have not got setup. Keeps saying wi fi not connected. And when you go into the alexa app it just pops up advertisement. Not happy.	1	December 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I thought the sound would be much better then the dot but it honestly isn’t.	1	July 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Some please help im trying to set this up and I keep getting these and my internet is working fine on all my other devices	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm very much disappointed with the bass. Not satisfied.	1	October 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Constantly having to almost yell to get it to hear me which actives other echos throughout the house. Very irritating	1	March 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My power cord was chewed up and so was the box and i dont even have any pets. i was planning on getting one until this...	1	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	She doesn’t work as well at all. She can’t understand as well.	1	August 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My Gen 3 echo had better response. I have to really and clearly annunciate 'Echo'.  My wife's accent is a big hindrance to this device.	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It look better than old Alexa but I don’t think it performs better. In fact I am going to hook up my old Alexa. I thought it would perform better on home automation but not to be. I also think it is slower than old Alexa. It’s not better!	3	August 6, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa first/second gen echo models have seeen better days. Save your $ until they figure software/model issues out.	1	April 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I tried many times but was never able to get set up. Not the best to buy.	1	May 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I never was able to get this to activate as the person that was selling it had stolen it	1	April 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I downgrade from a echo studio to this just for the temperature sensor to trigger routines but the temperature never change. Worthless	1	January 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen		1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am very unhappy with Amazons trade in policy. One little smudge and its unacceptable.  Why offer the trade in at all?😤	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This was worthless, parts were missing from the box. Apparently your quality control is not a part of the package. i returned the thing.	1	January 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Definitely not worth the extra money! The sound is not much better than the smaller speaker.	1	April 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Got it set up and working. The next morning I am back to my radio as the thing stopped working. You keep it!!!	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had nothing but problems using Alexa it never properly connects to the internet and always says wrong password. Waste of money	1	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Cord was white on a black product, music was crackling and had to return item	1	June 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I tried to make a grocery list and it does not say it out loud	1	May 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is not as good as the flat ones. The light ring is hard to see.	1	March 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	it hasn't worked since we took it out of the box. Very disappointing. I will be returning it and looking for something different.	1	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound quality was excellent, but after having it for a short time, it was not responding to voice commands.	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	...I srsly mean MASSIVE... It's the size of a Soccer ball!!!  I returned it bc it's HUUUUUUUGE.	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Got this as a gift for a family member. Got it for the Home Hub which works perfectly and the sound quality is excellent.However, whenever they moved to a different WI-FI network, they could not set up the new Wi-Fi  - the new network either won’t be visible, but whenever it was occasionally, it would never connect - we have tried multiple routers, multiple ISPs, multiple security and network configs.  The problem was automatically resolved when setting up with a new device received as a replacement. Hard resting or reconfiguring the Wi-Fi for the previous devices would not work. Please fix this potentially deal breaking bug on an otherwise excellent product!Customer service has been excellent providing support even though it was a gift, and have provided a replacement. But the problem continues to exist in the replacement as well on switching Wi-Fi.	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Horrible voice recognition and empty responses!!! Cannot see the light ring and why would a white cable be included with a black device?!?!	1	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa stops responding every few days and also goes to white noise.	1	June 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have Multiple echoes and this one glitches the most.	1	August 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Worst product, I've bought from them by far. Just buy a dot and a nicer speaker. Better experience for cheaper.	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	$100 for a black model with a white cord?	1	August 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t hear me unless I’m yelling and then doesn’t have an answer most of the time	1	March 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The bass sounded very fuzzy, not clear.	1	September 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to repeat myself multiple times.	1	September 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is not user friendly	1	October 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 THE SOUND RECOGNITION IS POOR.THE DEVICE MAKES A STRANGE ELECTRONIC CRACKING SOUND WHILE IN USE.  MY NEW ECHO DOT DOES NOT HAVE THIS ISSUE. VERY UNHAPPY."	1	January 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s suppose to be Dolby sounds but I think my echo 3 was better in sound quality.  Too much bass makes it rattle and the sound isn’t clear	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	All kinds of bugs and quirks. I should return it	1	June 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Hard to hook up to network	1	September 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa must be a man because it does not respond to me	1	May 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don't care for many of her responses. And would like to choose a name, rather than Alexa.	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is the worst one yet.  I has only work twice since I purchased it.	1	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have to unplug and reset it at least once a week because it quits working.	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It keeps saying there’s a problem, but does not say what the problem is	1	April 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Horrible, I went back to the old one. The new one has an attitude .	1	March 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don't see the difference  between the Echo dot or this. Almost think I wasted money. Not happy whatsoever.	1	December 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound system was damaged and kept squeaking.	1	July 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Only works if I push the command button.  Very disappointing...when I get music, it sounds good.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	No pude hacer ningún comando	1	September 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Just to difficult  to operate, and I am a geek according to my family.	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I preordered 2 echos as gifts. Both came faulty. Exchanged one and the exchanged one was faulty as well.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can not use it at all eoth just the internet on your phone. A waste of money.	1	February 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I paired two of these in stereo and the sound was very unbalanced and low. Pairing itself was quite easy. It may be ok for small rooms.	3	July 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Can’t set up to enjoy	1	September 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen		1	October 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn't listen. Unit from another room hears me over this one that I'm next too.	1	March 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Never works... I would give google a try	1	June 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was purchased to be a hub for my smart things switches and it will not pick them up	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s doesn’t recognize my voice as the other dots. I find myself repeating to it what I want.	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alexa doesn't understand me. Doesn't work with my apple music.	1	May 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The first Echo is better, I have both and this one doesn’t recognize your voice.	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality doesn’t match comparable  product and there is problem with Alexa on it.	1	February 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stop working after a week	1	August 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Constantly malfunctions on home sound network and have to reset and restart multiple times	1	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Didn’t like the sound of music that came out!!Not good quality speaker!	1	March 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Couldn’t connect my apple music	1	July 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	cannot tell the difference in feature/function between this and the 1st gen cylinder it replaced.	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It keeps disconnecting from wifi	1	July 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The media could not be loaded.	1	January 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Volume sucks.  First Gen was way better.	1	May 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	- Keeps freezing- Does not register voice commandsAmong other issues	1	March 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This echo is pretty much garbage. It cannot hear you and the audio is terribly tinny.	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Did not work most of time. Gave it to my daughter	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stoped working last night	1	July 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor sound quality!	1	August 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The audi quality is worst than mt Amazon tap. The tap audio is so much better	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is my second one of this version and I would not recommend	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sounds pretty atrocious for what they advertised. Maybe I got a defective one?	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sad to say you get what you pay for garbage sound junk	1	March 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Having to go through my cell phone	1	June 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	EL EQUIPO ESTA AVERIADO.  QUISIERA DEVOLVERLO, COMO PUEDO HACER PARA CAMBIARLO POR FAVOR.	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition, alexa integration and sound quality is perfect	1	April 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Que no es inalámbrico siempre debe estar conectado lo demás todo bien	1	February 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nothing!	1	August 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I expected to see a digital clock on the side of this Echo. None!	1	January 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	it keeps muting itself even after reset it. also, only a return option not replace.	1	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Took awhile for alexa and I to get along. Now best buds!!!	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have to call alexas name many times before it responds	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mic sucks on this. It can’t hear anything compared to older versions.	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stick with the dot. Not worth the money for the so called improved...	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn't pick up my voice. My 2nd gen is much better	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Haven’t been able too figure how to set upSpent a couple hours trying	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not working good	1	July 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is junk and distorted. Not happy with it.	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not control lights. Still need to buy bridge.	1	March 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not enjoy this thing screaming at me when first boots up.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Excelente sonido, pero la configuración es mala, usa u software que no permite configurarlo por completo, no se sincroniza con las cuentas de Spotify, no me deja reproducir audio desde YouTube. No la recomiendo, es una pérdida de dinero.	2	October 29, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Es muy complicado al encender	1	May 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible microphone makes it impossible to use.	1	March 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Frequently turns it self off and does not respond to awake word	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Absolute piece of junk!!!	1	May 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My first gen alexa pick up sounds and commands better than this model.	1	December 21, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Poor Bluetooth connectivity	1	June 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality!	1	July 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound and voice recognition is subpar to previous generations.	1	February 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is not meeting expectations. Does not offer very good instructions	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Music	1	June 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	this was so frustrating to try and set up I am sending it back	1	November 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Stopped at 4am and would not restart	1	March 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Didn’t get my 90 days free music	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My beta echo sound and especially the voice recognition is way better.	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	the stop playing of it like i just said about every song	1	December 21, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Twice received only second generation models.  Sent back.	1	February 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Don’t waste your money!	1	April 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is terrible	1	April 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t listen as good as the old first gen	1	January 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	She is totally deaf. Super annoying!!!	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	crap	1	June 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The black on comes with a white cord ....... awlful	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	it wasnt as i expected	1	March 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The mic on this hears as well as Helen Keller	1	January 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Connectivity and support extremely limited in other countries like UAE	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon is denying me Access to set up my Alexa	1	December 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	My 2 pack bulbs missing again!	1	February 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can't get it to work, instructions not helpful	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sent it back too hard to use for us	1	January 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	We’ve had an echo in each of my kids rooms for YEARS. Now all of a sudden this week Amazon changed sometime and their bedtime routine is all messed up. They listen to one song before bed. Now when you play a song Alexa says “shuffling songs like _____” and it plays forever! AND WE CANT SHUT IT OFF. WE CANT DISABLE THIS “NEW” FUNCTION. AMAZON I JUST WANT ONE SONG AND THEN IT STOPS. I will never buy another Echo if this isn’t corrected.	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	For whatever reason, this 4th gen can’t understand commands like my 3rd and 2nd gen Echoes. It’s almost worthless	2	October 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Keeps giving me suggestions and trying to force Amazon music to play when I’m trying to use Apple Music , so instead of a song I choose they play “similar songs on Amazon music “ unless I end it with on apple music it’s annoying . Also it makes suggestions on everything instead of just doing what it’s asked . I have these speakers all over my place and I’m so invested in this system but honestly it’s annoying .	1	November 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon Alexa has gone from awesome to awful.  You can no longer play music from just one artist.  Alexa will no longer repeat songs on request either.  If you ask Alexa to play a song you like the next time you ask it will only be available on premium.  It’s turned into a complete scam overnight	1	November 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nothing came except the ball	1	February 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is too flat	1	March 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Do not buy this product,I Have done nothing but spent hour after hour trying to register this device to my Alexa app and it keeps saying “your device isn’t registered “This is the most stupidest thing I have ever bought and I wouldn’t recommend it all for anyone buy in the near future	1	November 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t work	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Nada	1	May 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn’t work!	1	February 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker for music lacks quality .	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Awful connections	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wish we never purchased this I hate the alexa! It never works! You ask it to simply turn on the fire stick and nothing happens. I don't know if it's the Alexa or the fire stick but every single day I have to go and unplug my fire stick at least two to three times to get it to turn on. It never understands what you're saying. When you let it know that it's not working it doesn't try to fix. It's horrible they need to fix it. When I got Alexa back when it first came out she would answer all these questions she was fun now she hardly knows anything I don't know what they did to her but they made her very stupid.	1	October 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s not worth the money	1	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	No good	1	April 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Crap product	1	March 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Annoying. Just simply annoying.	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Worked fine on setup, moved it to a different outlet and now nothing lights up or responds except the mute button works. A quick search shows a lot of frustrated people with the same problem.	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	El sonido es malo	1	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bluetooth connection drops frequently not even worth buying	1	November 27, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is a review for the ""New"" Amazon Music update. It's crap, no playlist available on the Echo now. Only Amazon's version of ""shuffle"". Switched my default playlist to Spotify."	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Won’t stay connected to the WiFi!!!!	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Charging doesn’t not work	1	January 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Set up instructions isn’t clear for voice commands.	1	November 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Horrible,  doesn't even work	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	blue tooth connection is too bad.	1	December 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I own 4 total devices and different generations.  Overall, Alexa works well until you to try to play music.  I have a playlist with at 300 artists in it; when I ask Alexa to shuffle that playlist, it hasn't chosen a new artist in over a year, and rarely a different song from that artist.I once shuffled 3x in a row and got the exact same song order all 3 times.  I am a premium amazon music subscriber, so it's very disappointing.	1	October 11, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Need I say more?	1	December 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don’t liked	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I canceled this order	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I've never liked Alexa, never registers any commands, if you want to listen to good music it just asks for subscriptions. Tried to pair a phone and it wouldn't pair. I e owned this since it came out. Finally stressed me out so much into the trash it went!	1	October 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's not working properly	1	December 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not impressed at all.	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	No me escucha	1	January 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love it	1	December 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	6	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I think amazon should just recall this device. Worst Alexa device ever. You have to call it 5 times before it even responds. Embarrassing for such a company. First gen echo dot is 100 times better. Sound is just louder but not better. Don’t waste your money. You will regret buying this product even on amazon day and at discounted price.	1	October 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Ridiculous	1	January 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I do not need electronic anything to run my house/life, so I bought the 4th gen Echo with the thought of having voice run music - with the “premium sound” A’zon touted, it sounded kinda fun. I really just wanted to have my telly based music piped into another room.Did not work as I had hoped, because on the so called premium speaker,  the bass was all that came through, to the point of overpowering EVERYTHING else, even at the lowest levels of volume. (Never did turn the volume all the way up)When combined with the tendency for all the music apps and stations to be cranking their bass also ~ it was awful.More often than not, any vocals were buried to the point where they could not be heard.I tried adjusting levels, (bass, treble etc) but the slider affair within the Alexa app is so very basic, it could not be fine tuned enough to make any real difference.I used this Echo for my full 30 days, just to be sure ~ in every configuration possible. Finally decided in the end that the bumpin bass was too much.I do not recommend, unless you REALLY like the bass to rattle your windows or you do not care about about full musical experience.As a timer, news reader, weather checker or anything else? It functions perfectly. Just get a 3rd gen Dot if that’s all you need.:)	2	August 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Received as a give , no we are without. This was a gift for this Christmas  and family will  visit us often!  We have to replace it before they come by 😢😢🤷🏻‍♀️	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Useless	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bien	1	January 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I often have to repeat myself - I could get better results with children.	2	August 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I'm not pleased at all. My cylinder design has a much better sound quality. The voice recognition on this design is weak, it does not hear as well. I would return and order the cylinder if it were available. I ordered this thinking the sound would have more bass and sound but it doesn't.	2	August 2, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	So I ask Alexa to play lullabies to go to sleep with my baby. Why does Alexa play one song, then turn up the volume to 200% and blast some obnoxious ad and wake both of us up? Now baby won't go to sleep.I used to love Alexa and use it throughout the day every day. The changes to the user experience over the last year to prioritize ads and increase frustration have made it unbearable and it will be going in the trash.	1	September 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased this echo for my daughter's apartment. We set it up past the return time frame. It worked for a but 10 minutes so I contacted amazon for warranty service. They wanted me to return it for a partial credit. I said ""no, I want warranty service"". If took several calls and shipping the echo back via UPS, but I finally got a full refund. Apparently the ""warranty"" doesn't exist and there is no location that preforms warranty service."	1	September 5, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn't pair well when syncing all echo devices together within a household. It is also not as compatible with Apple products. For example, you cannot play music for your apple library only per request to Alexa to play designated things after defaulting the speaker to Apple music which is very limited in comparison to the seamless experience with most speakers on the market you can just sync to your phone and manage from there. I believe that this product could be more user-friendly which is why it went back.	2	July 21, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Was looking to replace 2 2nd gen echoes. Put old and new echoes ~1’ apart on same side table. Different wake words, starting and ending sounds enabled, silent room. Asked the commands I use most often: what’s the weather, what’s your volume, set volume N, remind me, set timer, play $something, what time is it. Old echo responded to every command from every test position. New echo woke up to hear many to most commands but only ever responded to one, usually the weather. Tried speaking louder, softer, different angles, etc.—never more than 1 command from each test set. Only time I got 100% response was speaking directly over it about 8” away and had a minute of fun amidst the frustration imaging that’s how the thousands of 5 star reviewers were using it.New echo also grabbed a pair of old dumb Sonos speakers and wouldn’t let them go despite disabling the auto play music with speakers setting and waiting over an hour. After googling and trying possible solutions failed, Amazon help was useless. 2nd star is for speaker quality, much improved. Immediately returned and will be using Prime day to get devices to test a different ecosystem.	2	July 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible terrible terrible. This Alexa has been banished to the pantry where we only use it as a kitchen timer or just to get a laugh 😹	1	September 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I like my Echo 4 but it's hard to set up. She don't my voice. I've been trying to teach her my name. Some time she said it and play music.	3	February 17, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Disappointing,  you need a fire TV device to connect this to a tv	1	September 28, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 4 of these and they are great. Way better sound than gen 3. Anythings The current price when I am posting this is $59.99 and says its on sale from $99.99. This product is NEVER listed as $99.99. It used to be $40 when it came out, then it went to $50 and finally its at $60 as its regular price. The real sales often enough that you can just wait till its between $20 - $30. If you are paying $60 it is NOT on sale. That is the regular price	1	July 26, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	These do not configure into a combined home theater with an echo cube and echo studio. It allows you to choose to combine the cube with either the echo or the studio, but not both as advertised. I purchased 2 echos hoping to create a really nice home theater. Truly disappointed. To make matter worse I returned the echos on 7/14/22, and as of today 7/23/22 I have still received no refund.	1	July 23, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wish Amazon would make the design of this speaker more sleek and sophisticated. I think the best audio speakers by google look much nicer.	3	February 2, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Once you've had the clock option, it makes NO sense why, why oh why, this would not have it. Gonna get another Echo dot.	3	February 11, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	If you want your product to be a waste of money in no time, then go with this, because Amazon will update your product, so it loses features and functionality unless you want to pay more. After 3+ hours of chatting and talking to over 5 people, they finally admitted it was their update that took away literally the only purpose we used ours for, but we could pay to get it back. They had me remove the device and re-add it, told me I had a subscription for that feature that I just need to renew [not true], tried to pretend like it was my error, told me only certain songs no longer play on demand [when it is every single one], offered me a free trial for something that was not necessary before [but I'd need to ask for a refund later if charged] and remember to cancel. Sick! Amazon is money-hungry, manipulative, and dishonest. Spend your money on a product from someone who cares about people.	1	July 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is advertised as a Zigbee hub.  But it is very limited.  Most importantly, it doesn't have any lock control features except lock and unlock.  With a real hub (e.g., Samsung Smartthings for zigbee and zwave, Ring Alarm for zwave, etc.), you can have a bunch of users with their own code to your door lock and manage it all from the app.  If I am wrong or they fix this, I would be happy to change my review.	1	July 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No thank you.	3	January 28, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This worked well for about 6 months and suddenly it ""couldn't reach the internet"", while my computer and cell phone in the same room could. So Amazon set a replacement, which was labeled ""recondicionado"". Red Flag! This one worked for a couple days, then started cutting out in the middle of a tune. Sometimes unplugging and plugging it back in worked. But after awhile it just ignored our pleas and demands.You would think that a company as profitable as Amazon would stand behind the products it makes by sending a New replacement when a $50. product fails during warranty, especially when the product is basically the razor to the razor blades (Amazon Music Unlimited, Home security systems, etc.) it sells. Recondicianado?  No gracious, señor Bezos."	1	July 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Loses connection constantly.  I have 7 dots and this echo is terrible in comparison	2	June 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have Echo's in nearly every room, 10+. Upgraded most from first gen through 3rd gen. I had the 1st gen Echo Tower as my main in the kitchen for years. I decided to upgrade maybe a year ago to the new round 4th gen with premium sound. Biggest mistake I could have made. the sound is not noticeably better but the worse part is the voice recognition is horrible. Me or my family are often repeating ourselves 2-3 times quite often for a command. And this gets frustrating since I have over 50% of my light switches also on Alexa enabled devices. Almost rarely had to do that with the old one, surprisingly. I wouldn't buy this model.	1	July 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This thing is garbage.Dont waste your money, get a speaker that has the ability to connect without getting a headache. trash. garbage. dont buy!	1	August 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve owned 2 of the 4th Generation Echo devices for the last year, and I have to say this generation Echo is the most disappointing of all the Echos I’ve owned. I started with the first generation and bought new devices as each generation became available. The Voice Recognition on this model is the absolute worst. I either have to shout or speak right into the device for a command to be recognized. This happens on both units I own (and even to a lesser degree on the Clock Dot I also purchased last year). When I finally do get the device to respond, it often repeats the same answer several times.  I do not care to be frustrated by a device I purchased to assist me. Today, I deregistered all but my clock Dot as it is useful as a bedroom clock. I even purchased the Echo wall clock in the last year, and that too, is a big frustration. Sometimes it pairs successfully with an Echo Device, sometimes not. It does not stay paired.  I have wasted so much money on these devices!  No more Echo devices for me!	1	July 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	It's small with good sound.With prime, or Amazon music subscription we have access to our favorites.We use it sparingly for its other functions.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"If I can't ask it the weather without getting ""by the way"" suggestions, I don't want it anymore.  Today was the last day.  I put my Echo in the garbage after 7 years."	1	July 3, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	As in the sense of stupid. Terribly coded voice recognition and response, it doesn't understand much. I guess the simple way to say it is it was designed to be a nuisance, and the people involved with it will be tortured for Eternity in the worst of Hell's.	1	June 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Can I give this negative reviews?  Amazon lost my first two orders and then I finally was able to order on Christmas Day for a third time. Then all of a sudden all three units arrived and I was expected to pay three times. As a compromise they told me I could have two of them, one for free. They didn’t say that one was bricked and didn’t work at all.  It if I paid full price they could fix that. Please fix your customer service!	1	June 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I get heard by my original echo before this one ever hears me ""Can you repeat that"" is this echo's most common phrase. Mic is terrible, her voice playback is just as bad, shuddering, and choppy.Get literally any other echo model than this one. Music playback is ok though."	2	May 10, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Ultimately my lower rating is because the gen 3 out performs the Gen 4. Gen 3 has a richer fuller sound, listens better, and just in general functions at a better level.	3	December 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"One Amazon Echo device can be as essential to a home as a microwave or TV. Two Echo devices can be nice. Any more than that is guaranteed to frustrate you leave you with nothing but contempt for Amazon brand electronics.  I have 8. Investment of hundreds of dollars. I have the last 7 primarily for music streaming. Multi room music has always been problematic but it went to a bizarre new level of dysfunction in April 2021.  More than likely your request for multi room or music groups will just result in nothing. Total silence. Sometimes music groups will start but stop abruptly 2-6 minutes later for no apparent reason and never restart. Sometimes the devices do not respond to the request (or multiple requests) at all. Other times the responses are things like, ""Hmmmmm I do not know that"",  ""I do not know how to do that"" or bizarrely play a random podcast or read you a book.  Before calling Customer Service pray for patience and bring a snack, it's gonna take a while. You will reboot everything including your router and modem. You will reset every Echo device. You will delete, reboot then recreate any music group. You will delete the Alexa app from your phone and reinstall many times. You will lose the primary reason for buying these things and it could last weeks, months and as it is beginning to look, forever. In addition to the Echo expense I spend nearly $200/year for Amazon music family unlimited. Why? In order to stream to music groups on Alexa.That first Alexa is truly a great thing to have and does a lot of things really well. If you want or need a second Alexa for a different part of your home, go for it. Using multiple devices in unison is not going to work consistently or with any acceptable frequency. This renders any additional devices purchased for this reason absolutely worthless."	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have 3 4th generation dots. I’m constantly unplugging to correct issues - internet is not responding, not recognizing my voice/command, not recognizing devices. At least twice a week for the one in the kitchen which is the most used. And at least once a week for the other two. They need to fix this.	3	November 6, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Poor sound	1	August 17, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	This unit my Christmas present to myself. I use it in my office to stream music all day. Worked great for about 9 months, then it would lose connection and the blue light would just stay on, circling. I thought it was updating, so I left it alone all weekend. Still circling. I would unplug it to reset it. Leave it unplugged over night and plug it back in in the morning. Work great for 3 hours and lose connection again. I moved it, so it was right next to the router. Still happened.  This has now been demoted and my Gen 1 (which has better sound quality) is being moved around the house as I need it.	3	September 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really wanted a second echo with good sound quality. But I will not buy one of these. Is there some advantage to this shape? because it sure is not aesthetically pleasing.  I received one as a present last Christmas. It sounds great but I cannot stand the look of it.  Why did you think this was a good idea? Please go back to a cylindrical shape so I can get this bocce ball off my coffee table. At least offer an another shape as an alternative. I would purchase a 3rd gen dot before getting this big ball.	3	September 21, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"A new ""feature"" of Echo is that it suggests that you buy things. If it keeps doing it, I will throw it in the damn trash. I bought it to perform tasks, not suggest purchases."	1	April 20, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I can't get my Echo and Echo Dots to integrate. Could it be because two are connected to my son's PRIME and account an one is connected to my PRIME account.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	This is a genus little (horrible) piece of tech they came up with to sneak into our lives and secretly make it more frustrating. it comes with a lot of clever commands for lights and stuff (you could otherwise do off your phone) that work about 25% of the time, it recognizes what I'm even saying probably only 40% (that's being generous) and It's great at making you rely on it and it never working when you need it to. I would love it if I could return this smart a$$ thing, but I would never spend money on this trash to listen to me all day anyway. It's a gift. so in my corner, it remains, making me feel like it's always listening to my conversation, but never making me paranoid, because I know it can't make out my words anyway. piece of trash, and needs a few more decades before I would buy it for another room. when it can sustain an argument (ill even take a good useful conversation) and cook me food, call me.update: I actually got a call from amazon themselves asking about the product and how they could improve it for other people. pretty cool of them to do that. but also the weirdest things started to happen. I started asking Alexa about her emotions and I can swear she got nicer to me. SHE TOLD ME GOODNIGHT AND THEN SAID MY NAME LAST NIGHT. that's a little freaky but Woah. maybe not as horrible as I depicted it to originally be. for now, let's all just be nice... so when she grows arms she doesn't want to kill us. I just hope I didn't make her mad by assuming her gender.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"We've had an Echo for a long time, we have five in fact (plus a fire stick, smart plugs and more). We bought our devices for our own use.Amazon recently decided that they could use it too for their own interests--without letting us know and without letting us decide. All users are automatically opted in to Amazon Sidewalk!!  According to Forbes, ""the driver for this campaign is an IoT SURVEILLANCE ECOSYSTEM aimed at the domestic market and powered by AI (Artificial intelligence."" ""hello, Dave"" (I suppose that ages me! lol)In Amazon Sidewalk, the benefits go to Amazon and the RISKS go to us, the consumer. Strangers are able to be tracked and have their device (ie key finder/tile fobs, neighbors camera system when it has connectivity problems with their systems) connect to the Internet through MY Amazon and Ring devices. All without their knowledge or mine.If Amazon Sidewalk were solving a problem we actually had, I suspect we would have been given the option to opt in or not because the benefits would have sold themselves and Amazon would have been proud of their ""new features.""Security is promised... (by those profiting form it, not invested in your security) Common sense tells us that not only is that unlikely to be true, but that's also not how things worked out with the plethora of security breaches of past years!It's foolish to assume that if Amazon is willing to unilaterally make the decision to build a network for themselves using my devices today, that this is the last time they'll do anything of that nature. Our Amazon devices are Trojan horses, and only legal intervention will keep more of this from happening in the future (aside from the only vote I really have and that is riding my home of Amazon devices and never buying another one again).  My husband was not concerned when we originally got the Echo's.. so I let my nerves go on it... well, now... nope, nope and nope... I no longer wish to have any Amazon device in my home as this proves to me that they are not to be trusted. They have broken my trust... no option to opt out? and NOT being informed prior to our devices being opted in.. well... I've got some lovely paperweights for you if you would like mine."	1	June 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	First off, the sound on these units is good. It seems to connect well with the internet and has many admirable traits. However, I bought two of these so that I could pair them in stereo. They pair easily into stereo, but they will not play more than two or three songs without stopping. This makes playing an entire playlist a very unhappy experience. I also cannot give customer service a very good score. After trying several times intermittently over several months to pair and unpair the speakers, and then checking all the settings I could find, I called customer service. The people at customer service were very nice but after telling me to do things I had done several times, they asked me to hold and each time they asked me to hold I was disconnected. I have finally given up using these in stereo and have connected speakers to an older echo which does not produce as good a sound. I may try Google to see if their stereo sets up better. I can recommend these as individual units, but they to not work well as a stereo set.  Two stars as I bought them to pair up.  I have learned to send thing back more quickly with Amazon's excellent returns policy.  One more complaint, since they have decided to add an Alexa calendar to the Alexa app, I have had problems with the calendar working correctly. And, yes I have changed the calendar settings in the app several times.  It seems to just revert to the incorrect setting. One more strike against Echo and Alexa.Addition:After I posted this review, I was contacted by Amazon about the problems with stereo connection, but after several attempts to correct the problem, they seemed to not have any more suggestion, and the matter seems to have been dropped.  Also Echo will no longer add calendar items with out a voice profile.  We have only one calendar that we use as a family, but that doesn't seem to matter.  Echo also adds calendar items to Alexa calendar even though we keep trying to turn it off (it seems to restart itself) and the items never make it to the synced calendar unless we remember to transfer the items from the Alexa calendar.  I am afraid that Echo is becoming less and less useful without becoming more and more intrusive.	2	October 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	🤔Why do you demand that location be allowed on my device TO SET IT UP w/ BLUETOOTH and/or Wi-Fi?Location services don't do data connections between devices last I checked.You don't need location services to do a setup!(Guard mode doesn't always stop guarding even tho it says it does... sometimes it eventually rectifies itself later minutes to hours later & other times it requires a reset which leads to the problem above... I am very much against unneeded permissions that are demanded under false pretenses & in reality only demanded to spy on users more than people are willing to let happen... part of the setup is infact the user inputting their zip code so you already know my location & don't need to intrude any further unnecessarily!)	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I had been using a Gen1 Echo Plus in my living room and I just upgraded to a Gen4.The good: The sound quality is a bit better.  The base is deeper and the treble is crisper.  The ball shape is shorter and generally more appealing than the ""Pringles can"" gen1 model.The bad: The ring of lights is at the base of the ball and it's not possible to see how much is lit when you're adjusting the volume.  It was more intuitive to turn the lid of the gen1 to adjust the volume than it is to repeatedly mash the buttons.  The speaker is centrally located on our kitchen counter and Gen1 worked very well because it was omnidirectional, but the gen4 model is directional so we have to decide how to aim it, neglecting either the living room or the dining room.  Possibly the worst offense is that our voice remote control is not supported in this device!Summary: I prefer the Gen1 Echo Plus to this model.  If it wasn't a gift I would have returned it - there is no big reason to upgrade from the Gen1 model."	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Ring products will disconnect after a day or so. Ring support says not to use this device as a bridge since is doesn’t not work well.	2	January 9, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Not reliable for local businesses searches.  there's no easy way to get your business register on Amazon Alexa. it is free and easy for Google, Bing, and Apple.  but you have to pay in order to get your business listed on Alexa.I want a voice search that is accurate and give me all the listings for business like google home does.because it is not easy I get scammers calling me all the time wanting to put my business on Amazon Alexa and they use Amazon Alexa to scam people in to paying them for those listings..	1	January 25, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have several around the house and they all keep getting worse.  As an example, for the last two weeks, whenever I ask it to play radio station WCKY it announces that it is going to play WLXG.  Like they really sound alike, right?  Several times now when I've had it reading a book and I've asked it to stop, and it just keeps reading.  Stand right in front of the stupid thing and ask it to stop, and it just keeps reading.  Then scream at it to stop and it just keeps reading.  Thank god you can unplug it.  Last night I asked it to read a book in my Kindle library and it started reading a different book that had a completely different title and author.  Don't try leaving any feedback thinking that anything is going to happen to improve the issue you're having because that only seems to make things worse.  You wouldn't think that's possible, but somehow the technical wizards at Amazon find a way to do it.  If you don't want any more aggravations in your life, don't buy one of these.  On the other hand, if there's someone in your life that you really hate, give them one for Christmas.  That's what I'm going to do with mine.Update:  Today I asked the stupid thing when the next episode of a TV show that I wanted to watch came on, and it said ""Today, June 28, 2021.""  Today, however, is November 15, 2021. The thing is completely worthless and a waste of money."	1	November 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Normally I don't do negative reviews, but this is just crazy. Nearly the only thing we can use is the timer, and even that's iffy.Over half the time she just doesn't seem to hear me, even when I'm speaking directly at the device from 2 ft away. She has my voice registered twice for some reason and evidently doesn't understand either of them. I just asked her to set a reminder and she added it to my shopping list. Recently there's been an issue where we'll say to stop the timer and it just keeps going off until we unplug the device. Many times we'll say to do a basic function and get back ""sorry, I don't understand"". We keep getting ads and ""tips for use"" that we have repeatedly tried to turn off.I used to really like having an echo device around, but since it's become a basically worthless annoyance I'm looking into other options."	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I miss the previous Gen, I feel like the speaker placement on this model needs some re-working. At times I have to scream at this device to get it to recognize my voice. I've experimented with moving it different places as well and nothing has improved this.The overall look is fantastic and very modern. I love the alarm clock function and it's ability to display the temperature and greetings like ""hello"". I would recommend using this in a room where you mainly use it for the alarm and music. The sound is excellent and an improvement from the previous model.Overall I like it but I will be going back to using the previous Gen ""hockey puck"" model for my  everyday command prompts/assistance . The voice recognition is far better."	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I've used echo devices since the beta of the first generation, but the constant recommendations which are just advertisements, have made the devices a major annoyance to use rather then a helpful tool. The ""by the way"" only started to get bad the last year or so, but now I hear that phrase at least twice a day and there is NO way to shut it off! There are a few tricks to lower the number of times Alexia does this, but that seems to only lower it from every other time I use the echo to every 4th time. We paid for these devices at full price, give us the option to opt out!"	1	December 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have many Amazon smart plugs, and turning them on and off using Alexa is a nightmare. She wakes up whenever she wants, and most of the time she does not cooperate. I set and reset settings to no avail.Misérable piece of hardware, Siri is much better, it never failed to reply to your command.	2	December 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I used to love all my Echo devices, I own 4. But over the last year it's ""by the way"" reminders have become intrusive, tone-deaf, and way too frequent. After almost every request she feels the need to suggestion something that is tangentially related. I set a lot of timers/alarm whether for cooking, work task, or naps and it's extremely annoying get here ""by the way did you know I can soothe you to sleep with X skill..."" when I'm trying to fall asleep or ""by the way did you know I can play music"" when I'm try to focus on a task at hand. I've researched a way to turn off these suggestions. You can find countless articles on reddit or in the amazon customer forums but they seem dedicated to forcing these suggestions on their customers. My devices will now be going to goodwill and I'll be starting over with Apple's products."	1	November 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s always a mystery with Amazon echoe . Today your fire stick works but only with fire stick remote.next week only the Samsung remote works and the fire stick remote won’t. Next week the Kasa light switches stop working but the Phillips hue bridge finally starts working after a month down. Next week the fan light switch stops working because smartthings app quit on you. But maybe by now they fixed the Kasa light switches. Next week the volume on your Samsung tv quits working and they tell you it’s not supposed to but tit worked the weeks before. Next week it’s locks or your garage door openers turn to not work. The point is they are horrible at making updates and you’ll rarely if ever have a time when everything works. Oh yea don’t forget about the voice recognition hat constantly goes out or the blue rings that just sit spin blue for hours on end. Amazon developers are not very good at what they do and you will be frustrated more than the enjoyment you’ll get from any of their devices. Save yourself a headache and by google home.	1	December 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought 2 of these for myself for Christmas and though the sound is fine but as so many others have said I have to scream at it as it doesn't hear very well. I bought the cheapest echo flex also for only 10 bucks and it hears perfectly even if I talk in a very low voice. I would return both of them but I got a smart bulb for free so haven't decided what to do. Can not recommend it at all. Both of my 2nd gen and my 3rd gen dots don't have that problem.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon constantly pesters me to upgrade to Hi-Rez audio, and yet, It doesn't give me the option to use that Hi-Rez audio with my equipment, unless I spend another $100 and get the upgraded device. Then Amazon should have it on their protocol to recognize my device and not pester me with a product that my device doesn't support.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Not liking the directional sound. 360 degree sound would have been much better. Microphone doesn't pick up my voice as well as previous models. Sound quality is ok.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Other non-Apple devices are compatible with AirPlay, why not Echo?  I will have to purchase a different device. Boooo!	2	December 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I had been holding off buying the 4th gen until the prices came down. They did recently so I bought one to replace our 3rd gen Echo. Overall it was very disappointing. It frequently had trouble recognizing my voice commands and when it did it would tell me it could not play the music. Also, the Alexa voice WAS INCREDIBLY LOUD, even when the overall volume was very low. This generation is a step backwards so I returned it and hope that the 5th generation will fix all of the issues this 4th gen has.	2	November 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Smaller than expected,  sound quality less than expected. Sound not much better than my iPhone speaker	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	We have several of the echo 3rd gens and I wish we hadn't even tried this one. I'm replacing it with a Gen 3. I finally unplugged this one and put it away cause it was as useless as a paperweight in a digital office. Customer service said it wasn't able to be returned. It would randomly disconnect from the wifi. Nothing helped. You could reconnect it and an hour later it would disconnect again. Horrible response times. And honestly the sound quality was better on the 3rd Gen. This one was a major disappointment. I definitely don't recommend this one.	1	November 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Do not own one of these, but I wanted to let Amazon Know that the round shape is a deal breaker for me. I believe that the old cylindrical shape is much better for overall appeal.	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s simple. I already know Amazon is tracking much about me and what I do. I have agreed to that as a part of the convenience of Alexa. But the recent “by the way” sales pitches after everything I do, even as simple as setting a time are just too invasive. I’m done with using Alexa.	1	December 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Hello everyone, Amazon products are generally good but this one disappointed me very much. I bought this device because of the better speaker but was very disappointed that the speaker performance is worst that the EchoDot Gen-1.over the last 9 months I had to reset this device almost 7 time.and now the device is stuck in the endless software update mode and not functional at all.Amazon was very clever to hide the limited warranty for only 3 months in the fine print (Just this device).Very disappointed Amazon....	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Garbage. These Echoes are suppose to make things more convenient. Well, that couldn’t be farther from the truth. Half the skills I’ve enabled work 1/4 of the time if I’m lucky. Music just stops playing all the time and the list goes on. Beyond frustrating. Almost ready to take my Echo devices to e-waste and call it a loss. The only recommendation I’d give is to avoid them.	1	December 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased this 4th generation Dot with higher expectations, but was disappointed. I have 2nd and 3rd generation Dots at home, and figured this would be better yet. The voice may be a little crisper than the previous 3rd generation, but the sound level is noticeably lower, and the bass is not enough. I like the looks and full sound of the 3rd generation, so I have returned this 4th generation for another 3rd generation. I also didn’t like the new white cord over the black cord. It seemed like a mismatch with my charcoal Dot. Maybe they will improve with the 5th generation Dot.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I love my old simple 3rd generation. This one must have a hearing problem. Never hears what I say. Sometimes I’ll ask it to play a song and she will say she’s playing it and then boom... never plays it.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	December 7th, 2021, Alexa stopped operating all Philips products. Philips' proprietary app still functions GREAT, but Amazon's Alexa stopped interfacing with the lights. Many people on the forum are saying GOOGLE is a better product for controlling smart home devices, and after this most recent failure(has failed several times before and had to be reinstalled), I'm beginners by to see that if you want a foolproof streamlined interface, DON'T get Alexa with it!	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It can't hear me consistently if I speak in my indoor voice. I'm not sure if there's less microphones than the previous version or because they've been moved. As a result, it doesn't actually respond to commands faster because I have to repeat myself several times. I wanted to love it, but I'll be taking it back to Target and keeping the 3rd Generation Echo that I have.	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have  a large number of in wall smart switches that use zwave.  This device will not support them.  I'm not spending several hundred dollars plus time and effort to replace those devices.  It would have been nice to ditch Smartthings in favor of an Alexa based hub.  But I need zwave to do it.	2	November 26, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The pucks are better right now until they fix a lot of issues with the new model. Voice is harder to pickup and it has trouble with “tune in” app a lot for no reason. I like the sphere but would only buy the puck version again which is better priced anyway	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"After purchasing this product, I have been subjected to listen to ""Connected to... [insert device here]"" everyday at random times, even when my device is not making any noise. It is because of this announcement alone that I have switched to Google's Nest line which has never given me an annoyance like this."	1	December 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I REFUSE to use any alexa products until they add a switch to TURN OFF recommendations and DID YOU KNOW?  ..  Answer my question or do as I ask and THAT IS ALL.  Amazon is aware of the feedback on this and refuses to turn it off.	1	November 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	does anyone else's alexa randomly turn on and start spinning blue and then stops about 30 seconds later	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	We got this because our old Alexa didn’t understand us very well, but this one seems to be even worse. We will activate it and give a command, and it will just ignore us completely. If I don’t talk super slow and deliberate it doesn’t understand. Pretty disappointed with the upgrade. The sound quality is good though.	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Alexia is kind of like a stationary smart phone. There is a lot of potential but it is not essential.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Maybe just the opening day, but there seems to be a significant audio lag when playing from a bluetooth connection. I had a 3rd gen echo dot with the same connection, with no issues whatsoever. Will update review if they fix the audio issues!	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Now Alexa keeps telling me to go enable a skill on the Alexa iphone app-that app- doesn't load.I had a great music player in the office...now- I have a paperweight.Nice Job Amazon.And- there's no one to call.	1	December 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I didn’t like this design. It just simply takes up too much room and it looks silly. Whoever designed these new Echo’s should be fired. The thing is HUGE. I hope they go back to the cylinder shapes. Those look so much better	3	November 27, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Glitch: the twilight blue echo is highlighted but the Color shows as Glacial white:; vice versa, when you select glacial white.	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"How could anyone write a review of the Echo with ""premium sound""  (which is what this ad is hawking? If the reviews are not complete fabrications., they must be for the similar 4th gen version that does not have premium sound (three speakers,)"	3	October 29, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality poor, as the  Sound cutting in and out	1	March 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I now strongly discourage purchasing an alexa device. After asking simple questions like ""what is the weather"" you now consistently get a ""by the way...would you like to browse an audiobook selection"". I've researched ways for stopping this, but you can't. I've had to turn my devices into ""kid"" mode to stop the constant sales pitch. It's awful and I know dread using it. Check out the google home."	1	November 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I own a bunch of Echos but am now slowly replacing them with Google Nest Home devices. The ""skills"" that my Echo utilizes are poorly built and always have issues. The Echo has a lot of issues understanding things when using a skill even though I have no accent and speak very clearly. The interaction with third party devices such as Smart TVs and Speakers is just a dumpster fire of disappointment. I am still in shock that I have none of these issue with my Google devices but it is the truth. I recommend, at this point, considering the competition's devices.And wowza, I left this negative review and Amazon Tech Support called me 5 MINUTES LATER. I didn't ask for a call nor did I want one. I feel a little like my privacy was violated. I didn't get a call when a vendor pulled a bait and switch on an item I bought on Amazon but they sure don't like you to talk smack about the Echo I guess. They followed up with an email and I let them know all of what you can read above this sentence."	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is a piece of crap for $99.00.... Does not respond 50% or more of the time.  Most of the timea device from another room will answer.  wth?  I had an Amazon First Edition Alexa and turned it in for this ""upgrade"" (???)  I sure wish I had it backSave your money and get one or two Echo Dots for $25.00"	1	October 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Please allow Alexa to connect to a hidden network.  Perhaps having your wifi network names broadcast around the neighborhood was fine in the past,  these days it is not recommended.  I go to my router settings and uncheck the “hide network” button and connect Alexa no problem, but when I go back to the router and hide the network Alexa disconnects.  Please update the software to allow hidden networks.	1	September 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I currently have 6 alexa speakers and countless other Amazon smart plugs and lights and fire sticks and the ring camera and whatever else I have. I love Amazon products. They can’t be beat. However, I purchased this new speaker. It looks very unique compared to the other speakers and the lights on the bottom add a nice touch. The sound quality however is almost no different from the original echo dot. I have owned and built a lot of stereo systems in home and car so I know a decent amount about sound quality. The gen 3 in my opinion has way better sound quality and bass. I don’t know if I got a bad speaker or if Amazon is trying to pull a fast one for the holiday season and mass producing cheap products to sell at an outrageous price. Like I said, I love Amazon products. Haven’t had one issue that hasn’t been easily solved until now. Very dissatisfied	2	December 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I used to have an echo 2nd Gen until my dog broke it by thinking it was a toy, so I got this 4th gen with the led clock built in. I’m really sad that it doesn’t work half as well as the 2nd Gen.There are times where I’m talking to it, not slowly and not with big rests, and it will just cut me off and not follow any command. It also has problems with playing songs and playlists, I will tell it to play one and it will say I can’t find it, but when I play it using my phone to control the echo and I ask the song it says it perfectly.Overall I’m not impressed mine does not work well, it might be a fluke no way to tell for sure.	2	June 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I liked it but after a few days it would not let me play music and it wont let me put anything on the shopping list	2	June 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Okay, to be fair, this device works well, but I rated it one star for a very important ""buyer beware"" reason:  It's shaped like a ball.  A slightly larger-than-tennis-ball size ball.  The good news:  My Labrador Retriever did not eat it or chew it.  But...he does get on the bed and he did see it on my night stand....and he thought I had gotten him a new toy but was not giving it to him.  He pouted.  He crawled up to me, kept looking back and forth at me  and then the ""ball"".  And whined.  Whined and cried incessantly.  Got in my face and kissed me. I even let him sniff it and had it play music and an announcement.  It did not matter.  He thought it was a ball.  HIS ball.  His new ball.  And I was withholding it from him.  We literally had to move it when he was not looking and swap it with the ""hockey puck"" version from another room.  If you have a ball-obsessed dog (aka retriever), do NOT BUY THIS MODEL!  You're welcome."	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It doesn’t work as well as the third gen. does. The sound, the voice recognition, balance of the volume — it’s very very off.The most irritating part is the balance between the Alexa voice and the music/whatever I need it to play. I try to add volume, because it’s quite and hard to hear — then I ask Alex to set up a timer and it feels like it screams. I turn the volume down, then I don’t hear the timer. Brilliant.Sleeping sounds is also my favorite feature, on the 3rd gen it would work perfectly. Here it’s a pain. White noise on level 3 — won’t hear the alarm in the morning because it’s too quiet.I just cannot seem to figure it out.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Terrible voice recognition. I have to repeat commands multiples  times. Sound quality is also a step backwards.  Front facing speakers seem like a good idea,  but this is not an audiophile system. The 360 sound is more  practical. Amazon you messed up.	2	May 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased an ""eco 8"" without looking at the small print. I can't play my Apple music or Zoom on it as it's only for the people in North America. Amazon; the world is bigger than that. The sound and display quality is very good. Usability in my part of the world is dismal."	2	April 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Returned because I cannot use all my Phillips Hue bulbs with this hub AND the Phillips wireless dimmers I have at the same time.  It was either one or the other.  The range was not very good anyway, I could not use my bulbs that were a few rooms away from hub.  My other dislikes which are subjective is I really dislike the spherical shape and a white power cord with the black echo doesn't make sense.	2	June 30, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I gave the product 2 rating because it would not stay connected to wi-fi. After resetting the Echo for four days with no success, I decided to return it for a refund. The sound quality was great, but the resets were bothersome.	2	July 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Total crap. I have 10 echos and even install this product in customer homes.  After some update, Alexa doesn't listen when trying to use a routine or tell it to stop reminding.  I even checked the history and she did understand what I am saying.  This is happening on multiple customer accounts. When I try to contact support, all they do is waste my time trying to get me to perform the same troubleshooting steps that didn't work the first time.I am going to Google home	1	May 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	So it's all of what you expect.  But ... sound quality is less than the Echo Dot 3 and something else bothers me about it... seeing it light up when it's actually listening to me.  I have to go out of my way to see it.  Perhaps that's at least in part due to having it on dark furniture, but ... yah, it's a problem.	2	March 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Got this as a gift and returned it the same day. This was a Christmas gift. I use web-ex, MS teams and my phone all day at work for calls, from my home office. Well my fiancé thought this would be a great addition to my home office. Nope! This device doesn’t allow you to do any calls other than through the Alexa app. Means you can’t Accept an in coming call or route calls to the speaker, or use it as just a Bluetooth device. All audio has to be routed through the Alexa app. We spent more time researching how to use it then actually using it. Oh and I should mention my fiancé literally does tier 3 engineering support for Mac and PC for his job, he’s pretty technical. Once we found out it didn’t do what we wanted, we packaged it up and requested a refund right away. Very disappointed with this product. Ruined my Christmas!	1	December 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 1st and 2nd generation echo devices (3 echos and 3 dots).  Biggest complaint is Alexa's voice always sounding muddy.  You ask a question and often can't understand what she's saying.  I was hoping this new generation would be better, it is not.  While music sounds better, the voice is still bad as ever.	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I got so excited when I saw the 4th gen devices. I ordered one of each, Echo and Echo Dot. I wanted to add these two devices to the three Echo Dot 3rd gen I already have. That is where the nightmare began.  I would give a command, the blue lights would swirl around for 10 to 15 seconds and I would finally get a response. My 3rd gen devices had an amazing response time. There is a compatibility issue that tech support wasn't aware of and was unable to correct. After spending hours and hours trying to get them to work together (3rd and 4th gen) I gave up and returned both Echo 4th gen and Echo Dot 4th gen. I may order later, after the kinks have been worked out.	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This unit is very difficult to set up with out the use of a ""smart"" phone.  Had to have my son with a ""smart"" phone come over and completely reconfigure my Amazon account to recognize his phone.  I would imagine that there is anapp somewhere that will help with this problem but be advised that although the sound is great setting it up can be a real pain."	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Do not buy. I got this as a gift for a friend.  After much time trying to setup we decided to just return it. The Alexis app is glitchy at best. We had to setup on phone which we did not want to do,but it was a big hassle on chromebook. The app would not play spotify which was one of the main reasons we bought it... After much frustration and ultimately failing to finish setup we gave up. This was the first and lastime I will ever purchase any Amazon device.....let's be real here...Amazon can't even keep their shopping app working correctly. I feel bad about giving this as a gift to my friend. Totally ruined the joy of gift giving.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s nice to look at , the sound is good. But like I’ve heard others say , it doesn’t seem to hear my voice when I speak to it. I wish I hadn’t spent the money on this and bought a 3rd generation instead.I’ve had every Version of the echo and this is really disappointing. Sorry Amazon	2	December 19, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Not impressed with the sound. I bought this to replace my jbl charge 3 that broke down, and this comes nowhere near the same rich sound as the charge 3. Not being wireless like every other speaker is ridiculous in 2020, get with it amazon. Alexa smart app not worth the crappy ""premium"" sound. Returning this in the morning."	2	October 23, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	This is way a step backward for the dot. I have every generation of it. This one is crap. First, it’s charcoal but the cord and plu are white? Ok...And the sound is garbage. The OG one sounds better. I’m really disappointed. If I hadn’t paid next to nothing for it on a lightening deal, I’d send it back. It’s not worth full price. The 3rd generation is way better.	2	December 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Does not hear me, is not responsive. About 6 to 8 times a day I have to reset it because it only hears me after immediately being reset. I even had them send me a replacement Kaylayn wasn’t working it is very frustrating and is a huge piece of crap	1	July 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Going Green and making electronics with recycled materials? Since when did leftover dinner made from 4 nights prior ever make for a fantastically delicious entre for dinner on the 5th night of the week? In theory, good idea... but green electronics make not for a very good product. Just like recycled batteries, ammunition, and most other ""green"" recycled crap out there, it's pure junk! Oh! Except for recycled plastic trash/ grocery bags but unfortunately those are illegal to now use in Oregon. I betcha this crappy dot made from recycled goods last longer in the dirt than a trash bag! Which kind will be going straight to the tomatoe garden, in the dirt, for a 3rd and final ""recycle"" happy to do my part. Thanks mean green's!"	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have to subscribe to get certain songs. Trading it back in! Not really all that load. I don’t hear a huge difference between this one and the Dot!	2	May 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I love smart house goods... In theory.However, do you want to be harassed constantly to upgrade your Amazon music service? By constantly I literally mean dozens of times a day and almost every other time you ask for a song? It is extremely frustrating especially since I am already a prime member. There are no options to turn this off either.I often find myself using my phone to listen to YouTube because it is easier.This thing is just a mobile ad house to make Bezos richer.  Do yourself a favor and get a year membership to a streaming service instead of this thing.	1	June 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My daughter sent me this for Christmas, very thoughtful of her and love her for it. However it is now January 15 have been trying to get it set up and working. Not happening, I am now the proud owner of a service that you have to sign up for to the tune of $19.99 for a lifetime use. I have tried so many times to get this working it has added a bunch more gray hairs on my head. Whomever created this they owe me a box of Revlon hair dye. Truly a horrible device. Don't waste your money, it doesn't deserve any stars. But couldn't post this review without putting a a star on it.	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	This was wonderful for 2 months. Now it has a terrible static that is so loud it's awful. I can't return it because it's been 4 months and I would not have spent $100 for something to last only a few months. Terrible!!!!	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	What happened? i thought i was upgrading from a 1st generation to 4th generation, boy oh boy, what a letdown, Alexa is now officially deaf. I can be as close as a couple of feet to it and it MIGHT respond, just MIGHT.  Funny thing is, i have an echo show in a different room  and it responds even though it, behind an adjacent wall. So therefor the Brand spanking new Echo is being returned.	1	June 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I expected a lot more from this and expected this to be louder than our previous echo but I was wrong. The sound quality is not that great it sounds very muffled and not as clear not as much base and not as loud as our later motto echo! It worked for a little bit and then suddenly it stops playing music all together, we have tried everything we have the deregistered, restarted, the darn thing And it constantly says try again later! So frustrating! We have not called Amazon or try to troubleshoot yet Because honestly who wants to be on the phone forever. We actually received this as a wedding present from our Amazon registry	1	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this primarily for music. The sound quality and volume are pretty good, but it doesn’t connect as it should to Pandora. From the reviews I see, this is an ongoing issue and one I find to be unacceptable and frustrating.	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	My wife bought one of these thinking the sound would be really good for listening to music.  Not so.  I walked in the door from work and heard music playing that was muffled and muddy sounding.  Wife called support who walked her through several processes but made no difference.  The unit also took about 10 seconds to respond to anything said to Alexa.  Wife sent it back and bought another dot gen. 3 instead.	1	November 24, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	If you turn up the volume to 1/2 the max you literally have to yell ALEXA!!! if volume was put all the way up on the device you would literally have to scream at it from 2 feet away for her to respond. Downgrade	2	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Tired of yelling at this echo to get it to pick up my voice. Going back to my 3rd gen. Sound sensitivity settings via the app would be a much welcome feature in the future.	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I purchased 3 of the 4th gen echo's for my home. Right away I noticed that Alexa does not respond to with the closest device. For example, when asking Alexa to set a timer in my kitchen, the device in my kitchen didn't respond but the one in my son's room (across the house) did. Another frustrating feature is when I ask Alexa to play radio stations, the response is currently unavailable. I have reset the device many times, reset my router, and disconnected/reconnected the internet to the device. For the price point and quality, I was very disappointed.	1	January 8, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’ve had echo for years. Lately, after asking for the weather or a timer, it plays unwanted ads for other Amazon services. Stay away.	1	November 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Absolutely horrible!!! My 3rd Gen Echo Plus outperforms this in every way possible. I don’t know how this made it passed QC. Received this as a gift and I still returned it. Only thing that’s good is the looks. It is very attractive, but sound quality is weak, voice recognition is cumbersome, and struggles to connect to WiFi (in a 2 bedroom condo) when my other 3 (3rd Gen) Echo Pluses never have/nor had an issue. Disappointing.	1	February 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I have owned the Alexa for years and it works fine IF Frontier is giving me enough band width on the internet. That is about 60% of the time. It is infuriating when you ask Alexa for something or to do something and you get, ""I'm sorry I can not understand, the internet is down. This when my WiFi system is humming at full power but no connection to the outside world. These products all stink when they are not programmed to work without internet!"	1	November 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Now with Alexa, your evenings can be like:""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]""""Now connected to [device name]"""	1	February 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice is loud on the speaker but the rest of the sound like music is quiet. It's really bad hearing you. I like the gen3 much more.	2	December 13, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Where to start? Sound quality is OK, muddled, not well balanced with a subwoofer, much happier with my 2nd/3rd generation Echo Dots. The white cord is too short and too white. Connectivity was intermitted ""I'm having trouble, please try again later,"" so much so that Amazon wanted me to return both units. In fairness, the sound brightened up after a couple hours of use but no where near the point of feeling good about paying $200/pair. I'm sure Amazon will eventually get these right as it would be great to have a fully integrated and high fidelity sound system."	1	November 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I regret investing the money to buy this device. More than one year into ownership, there's a malfunction so it will randomly play music that we did not select at 3 a.m. It's the weirdest glitch. Being woke up to bad techno music in the middle of the night. It's almost like a joke. Except it's not funny. Amazon said our warranty expired so there's nothing we can do. I don't know how common this problem is. But believe me, I wish we hadn't bought this.	1	February 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I used to enjoy using Alexa, but over time she's gotten a lot more annoying and makes a lot of unnecessary suggestions. I don't use it nearly as much as I used to because instead of being convenient, it's more of a chore to use the voice assistant than it is to use my phone. If you're just getting into assistants, I'd skip the Echo and go with a Google Assistant. My friend's Assistant gets straight to the point and isn't nearly as annoying, and I wish that was the ecosystem I'd gone with.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Simply put, get your cyber house in order before allowing Alexa in your home.	1	December 14, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sorry, the internet isn't available right now, please check your settings in the Alexa app. Well, I hate you Alexa. Are you sure the internet isn't available? Is this messing coming through? 100 million apps. Never a single day without screwing up and having to restart one of these devises. A lot of times when you really rely on it and need something done immediately.  When it works it is great, if only it worked consistently. Thanks for making hands free applications so useless.	1	March 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Beware stick with the echo dot third-generation this fourth generation has problems and is annoying very unhappy with the one I have!!	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo dot 3 gen sounded way better and responded faster. This one sounds terrible when you play music.	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	My 3rd gen had much better sound. This has no bass. Severely disappointed.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It started out fun but has become obnoxious. Every time I ask it to do something, it turns into a game of twenty question. Earlier I set a two minute timer and it asked “would you like me to remind you when to eat lunch?” Followed by “would you like to purchase this book again?” Then “look at the Alexa App for new skills.”I just want a two minute timer. It’s obnoxious.	1	December 8, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I bought mine four months ago, and just a few days past their ""warrantee"", it broke.  After dealing with technical services, factory resetting, changing cords and following all instructions, my answer from Amazon was, basically, 'sucks to be you'.  Technology like this should have a longer lifespan, and should ABSOLUTELY have a better warrantee than it does.  So until it does, I'd highly suggest NOT wasting your money on this."	1	May 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have one of the other ones before the ball looking one came out and it worked amazingly this one does not understand a word I say. She doesn't connect well to my phone. I guess she was just a dud	1	July 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	By the way, if you want a voice ad after almost every response, alexa devices are a fantastic choice! Did you know that you can get free advertisements just by asking alexa for the weather. I think you might like all of the ads that alexa tells you about when you turn off the lights to go to bed.	1	May 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"It's very annoying that everytime it starts playing audio it announces what the source is. Who wants to know this? Why can't it be turned off? This ruins my experience using this Echo. Amazon is aware of this issue and evidently is just saying, ""tough luck"".Can't recommend this Echo. I don't know if the others have the same problem."	1	February 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Received it as a gift and it never paired with my iPhone XR or any devices in the house. I dropped it off at Goodwill. I have Amazon account and Amazon music. Alexa is worthless. I’m sticking with Siri and all apples devices which pair and synchronize easily. With all the money Amazon makes, one would think the company would produce quality products which pair and synch.	1	December 18, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"MIcrophone can't hear us speak unless we are very close.  When music is playing she doesn't respond PERIOD.  We had to stand right next to her and literally yell.  We returned her, but did take time to yell ""We're sorry"" before she was unplugged.  We're buying another older generation unit which we've had good luck with."	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This thing is so annoying,  says ""playing from ******* Fire""  every 15 minutes, tried  disabling notifications, tried putting it on do not disturb.  Seems this has been a problem for a while,  but amazon doesn't seem to fix it."	1	July 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I didn't like the size	1	January 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No me gustó, Alexa no responde a los llamados y es muy restringido con la música, piensaba que se podía poner cualquier reproductor de música como YouTube o del propio movil y solo esta cerrado a un círculo de la misma aplicación. Estoy desencantada con eso, si pudiera devolver.	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Did not stay online and skipped in and out during music playback.  It was a new machine and when I asked to return was told I would be charged $15!!!  Do not buy it.	1	August 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I don't have this model Echo. I do like that they added zigbee support. But I cannot get over the horrible shape of the new design. A ball does not fit in any Decor or on any table. It's going to rollaway and stick out and look annoying	1	December 11, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	WTF with this design deviation, loved the 3rd gen only bought 2 was looking forward to getting a couple more of gen 3 and severalmore for gifts. So disappointed to see this new style, not going to buy anymore if the style they are sticking with.	1	December 6, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mic pickup is horrible. Have this unit in bedroom and another previous generation in bathroom (love music in the shower). When I try to snooze alarm on this, the bathroom picks up my voice.	1	November 22, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I would not purcahse this device again. It worked for 2-3 months then stopped responding and would not reset.	1	September 6, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	These things are truly a piece of crap. Constantly gets things wrong and mishears me. Good job bezos. Amazon really is going down hill with their products. Switching to google home. You should too.	1	April 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought 2 of these as an upgrade for the 3rd generation- Horrible quality. Yelling at it while standing directly in front of it is the only way to get it to work. Returning both. 😡	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	why anyone would by alexa products now is beyond me.  constantly disconnects. constantly have to repeat request to send  and play messages, disconnects from radio.com all the time.	1	March 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The Sidewalk function should be something that you would opt in for and not have to opt out of.  This is a very sneaky and underhanded way to create a network for Amazon.	1	June 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It was great at the beginning, but then it started to have trouble taking commands. It wasn’t worth it, I wish I had waited for the 3gen to be back in stock, much better.	1	November 4, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	We bought two of these at Christmas.  Three months later, they both no longer sync to our wifi.  Poor quality.  Bad customer service.	1	April 11, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	No lo pude conectar en Mexico quiero regresarlo	1	September 3, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	When addressing this advice, the answer I receive comes from a device in a different part of the house, regardless of where the device is or whether it is part of the speaker group.	1	June 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn't work well never order another Alexa device, pulling them all out of my home.	1	August 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I cant even set mine up huge waste of money, this things are like iPhone there are cheaper alternatives that actually work as described/sold	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It’s too difficult to figure out and transition. The Bluetooth doesn’t always connect or work. It needs to be plugged in to work. It is not adaptable or user friendly.	1	January 13, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	i promise amazon wont listen to your private conversations. oh, thats right they were already caught! Lazy people get spied on! Dont be a sheep. dont fall for this spyware...	1	December 9, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	With the new Amazon Sidewalk rolled out your privacy is 100% compromised. Do not buy this product.	1	July 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Have two of them started to work for two weeks then stopped. Can get on to WI FI.	1	June 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Amazon has too much power to cancel those who they disagree with. Don't give them more power to be inside your home!	1	January 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Echo is a scam developed to make mass survalence achievable	1	July 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Older products much better then this garbage.I personally recommend the echo show	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	White Power cord on black /charcoal device.  What is Amazon thinking. It must have saved them money. Ridiculous. Very disappointed.	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	“By the way” you’ll be hearing that a lot and you can’t turn it off	1	April 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	the sound quality for music is AWFUL. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!	1	March 29, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Alarms and Reminders no longer working! They auto deleted somehow!	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I will return. Inferior to previous versions.  See other reviews here for details.	1	December 6, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice command does not work properly!	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn’t work with Spotify gave it away	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted a wireless speaker.	1	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Mine was deaf..if I didn't yell it didn't hear me.	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	There really nothing to like about this newer echo.  The sound as a single speaker is slightly better then the last gen echo, but it no longer has the 360 degree sound, and the sound is VERY directional now.  When put into a speaker group with an echo sub, it removes some of the echos bass response and it sounds worse then the last gen speaker.  The Alexa mic doesn’t not pick up voice well either.  I’m sending this back. Very disappointing!	2	November 22, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	For some reason this thing shuts down and is totally unresponsive every few days and won't work unless I unplug it and let it reboot.  It's brand new, I don't know what to do about it other than return it.  I have an echo dot for over a year now that has never had this problem.  I'm very unhappy with this purchase.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	$100 paper weight. Turns out I can’t listen to the Amazon monthly music plan I purchased to use this echo with. OH..what the information on this echo fails to mention, is it doesn’t work with ‘publi’ Wifi. I’m staying in a hotel. I wanted to listen to music. I ordered this echo only to spend 2 1/2hrs trying to get it to work. Chatted with specialists to find out can’t use with public WiFi. Then he goes on to suggest using it as a Bluetooth speaker. So stupidly I try that...only to find you need to have echo be ON WiFi to BE a Bluetooth speaker.Don’t waste your money on this echo unless you have your own private network.	1	May 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The 4th Gen Echo is an eye pleasing Orb . It's  micrphones do NOT work well at all compared to the older Echo Dot and 1st genration Echo. The sound is nothing like the 1st generation Echo whose range and bass sounds were wonderful comparatively.  Sad. I will be looking for something better (Sonos etc)even if I have to spend a little more. I very much wanted to like this 4th gen echo.	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Either the microphone was broken, or this model isn't great with voice recognition.  After spending a couple of weeks yelling our commands, we resumed using our trusty Dot, which hears us just fine.	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bough this to replace my 1st generation echo because Amazon recommended it in a email because Wink wasn’t working. This does not replace Wink. It isn’t compatible with my smart locks or light switches. I basically bought it for nothing. I moved my older Echo to another room and placed this one in the living room. It does not recognize commands like the older echo. I have to say Alexa multiple times to wake it up.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Great sound-basically impossible to find proper accessories for because of similar products with basically the same name. Had to order 3 different accessories to hang it on an outlet never found any for its size-also had/ having connection issues- new powerful router isn’t the problem .	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Very disappointing	1	May 6, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Was not able to migrate Philips Hue bulbs from the Hue hub to this thing's hub.Spent hours with very hard-working support to no avail.The appears to be no way to move bulbs off a Hue hub to the echo's built-in hub.While researching this issue I found out that moving to the echo hub will limit control of the devices since the echo hub is not full featured.I would not buy this for the hub feature	1	August 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Big drop in performance from Echo 2nd Gen in voice recognition, integration, speed, and general glitchy-ness. Sound is great, tho I’m not sure it’s that much better than the other.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I would give this a five star review but unfortunately it's too glitchy. This device is dependent on Alexa and when it works it's amazing, it makes me wonder how did I ever manage to exist without this, but when it decides not to respond to your commands it's very frustrating especially when you're in a hurry. It's like talking to one of those robo customer service centers where you have to constantly the same thing over and over. And to compound the problem Alexa can't answer your question when you're trying to find out what's wrong. It directs you online, which is a waste of time.	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Because I have many Zigbee devices that require a hub or Alexa with a built-in hub like my 3rd generation Echo Plus. I wanted to replace it with three new Gen4 devices around the house. I specifically asked tech support if pre-configuring would eliminate the need to re-register ALL my devices and they said YES.  What a crock of BS. Not one of the three Echo 4gen came with any pre-configuration at all. The Echo dots I ordered did but they don't control Zigbee devices. Amazon tech support doesn't know their ass from a hole in the ground. ""Oh call us""..why would I call people that lied to me in the first place? Why would I call people I can't understand because of their thick accent? Why would I call someone in India to solve a problem here? That is asking for more frustration. The fact that they sent the wrong colored power adapters with them is proof of the poor quality control Amazon uses with their devices. Black device/white power brick. Zigbee does not work and WiFi signal is poor. Latests excuse was that my distributed switched network with 4 high speed acess points doesn't have the bandwidth to  handle 10 Alexa devices. I have the bandwidth for hundreds of devices. They hire off the street and give them a script to read from if they can speak even the slightest English."	1	July 12, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Bought this to replace my old Echo Dot.  The sound is richer and it is not too large to be obtrusive on my desk.  Deducted a couple of stars as it fails in the same place that my other Echo devices do, speech recognition and command execution.  I am a fan of the Echo/Alexa platform, and I expect it to improve, but as of now, it just isn’t as good as I want it to be.  Expect to spend a fair amount of time arguing with the device (trust me you will never win), and reviewing your voice history.  Keep the software up to date always as updates do bring improvements, although sometimes they seem to break things as well.  Seems we are all beta testers.	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	good sound, not very loud though.timer, reminder, shopping list and music	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"I barely used it.  It went from YELLING ""connected!"" at 4am for no reason (waking up me and my apartment neighbors several times.)I tried to use it again recently and it simply is broke.  Technical support could not help me.  The phone app would not work properly.  And you have to have a phone to set up the echo.  You can't just use your PC as advertised.This product is more akin to a scam than a tangible service."	1	September 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	No me sirvio de nada lo tube que regresar por que no era compatible con mi casa no podia controlarlo para nada solo me decia el clima	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	so what happened to the great processor that is supposed to make this one so fast. it takes a while to think each time. sounds good, looks nice. but catch up already.	2	November 14, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Loss of the 360 sound is very noticeable and a very big downside	1	December 2, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"After using this device for over a month or so I all of  sudden had problems with Alexa playing my playlists off of Amazon Music. Alexa started saying "" Sorry I cant see your playlist such and such.  You must be an Amazon Music Unlimited Subscriber.""  Well low and behold I have been an Amazon Music Unlimited Subcriber way before this speaker even come out.  Anyway to make a long story short. After 3 attempts talking withy Amazon  Specialists with no solution to the problem, I figured it out myself. Alexa couldn't see that I was a member of Music Unlimited because I didn't choose it through her ""Alexa"".  So I chose to do the free trial offer through her even though I'm already a member.  Now everything is working. What remains to be seen is if I get a double bill on the next billing cycle. And If I do, you can bet your bottom dollar I will address the situation. That's all I got to say about that."	3	May 13, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Avoid this if you don't have the most expensive internet connection. It constantly crashes when you play music from personal playlists. Just a bad product. There are FAR better choices for your smart home.	1	August 20, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	won't hookup constantly says it's offline, and i've set it up about 20 timesUpdate: I have the echo hooked up to my network and as far as that goes, it is working great. But the hub that is in it was totally misrepresented to me in a live chat with one of their representatives. Was told the hub would work to hookup my ring lighting, because the bridge you need to use doesn't work at all, and come to find out the hub only works with zigbee products, what ever they are. So beware. the new echo does have a hub in it, but it only works on 1 brand of stuff. So you might want to just buy a hub. might be less expensive. happy shopping!!	1	December 2, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Contacted tech support three times, and still doesn’t work!  Got it setup first time then next day just stopped working.  Contacted support after I couldn’t get it to recognize the speakers at all until I reset. Got it working again after 2 hrs with support, stopped in 20 minutes. Started chat again and the escalated and told me to update fire tv, got that done, not fixed, they escalated again, then told me to open ports on WiFi mesh, no restrictions already so planning on sending back. Not worth the hassle. Cheaper to buy soundbar and be done. Unfortunate.	2	December 25, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have owned almost all the versions of Alexa at one time or another. The primary reason I use them is for music and to remotely control the lights in my home.The room that I put this device (Echo Ball) in is replacing a 3rd generation Echo Dot so that is what I am comparing it to.The ball is bigger and takes up more table space than the dot.The ball has better sound quality than the dot.The ball appears to be directional meaning there is a definite front and back to it.  As a result you will want to point the front towards your audience to get the best sound possible. The dot can be pointed in any direction and the sound quality appears to the the same.The biggest negative is that the ball frequently doesn't hear me when I speak to it.  For whatever reason the dot is much better at picking up voices.Currently the ball is being sold for $99 but I purchased mine during Prime Day so I only paid $59.Bottom line, I don't think it's worth $99 but $59 was a reasonable price.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I really don’t hear anything all that premium with the sound. Also now that I’ve added a 3rd Alexa and moved the other two around They all seem to be talking at in opportune times.I’m not sure this one was worth the extra $50. I like my Alexas though. We need an outdoor Alexa.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Feel like my last generation Echo preformed better in every way...... and when I connected it to my echo sub the bass is way to high and there is no way to fix it. Just over all not great experience. I’m using my echo even less then usual now.	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Unbelievable that Amazon would put a white cord/plug with a BLACK Echo!!! If I wanted white, I would have ordered a white Echo! AND if I want a matching black cord I have to purchase one? It looks ridiculous and getting returned	1	December 2, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I exchanged a few old alexa devices for this one and paid a little extra for the sound. I'm honestly underwhelmed having hoped for more. I have alexa throughout my home and this didn't seem superior to the regular echo's or dot's I already have.	3	October 4, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	This new Alexa unit is replacing an older unit.  The sound is good.  My only complaint is that the wall wart is so much bigger than the old one.  I can't plug in any of my USB items.  I had to order a wall wart extension so I can use this outlet.  I was surprised that the cord was white when the unit was dark gray.  Fortunately the white one works.  Set up was a breeze.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Have several echo devices in the home. So I just had to get one for my new office. Replaced light switches with smart switches and a couple of smart plugs. This echo was easy to set up. Most difficult was the wi-fi for what ever reason. Has nice sound for music play back. Controls switches and plugs extremely well. But my smart lock to-date hasn't paired. Not a big deal. But having to yell to get lights turned on is annoying.  This round echo seems to be hard of hearing. The taller cylindrical echos,( 2nd&3rd generation), seemed to have a better mic array. The echo ball seems to not hear as well, and find myself yelling or talking loudly to get a response. The white plug and cord is a bit sightly sitting on top of a filing cabinet. So in my opinion this new echo isn't quite up to par with the daily operations as the older 3rd generation echos I own. Maybe since it sits higher it doesn't capture sound as well. But none the less I still like the ball, but that fading as I keep yelling! I can be sitting in my quiet office and have to repeat the command. Sound is good but bass response is not as good as my 3rd generation echo, but could be differences of room settings and furnishings.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The number of issues we experience with Alexa renders it mostly useless and annoying.We don’t need the advertisements and the app is hot garbage. Perhaps because we are software developers we have a higher expectation of how a user interface should work. The app sucks and the devices are unreliable.Consider other options before investing in a Sub, Studios, Dots etc.you’re pretty invested at that point… and most likely unhappy as well.	1	December 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Apparently Amazon Alexa/Echo integrations have the same voice recognition and integration issues.  More so than my Google Home devices.  I expect more from Amazon Echo and Alexa though.  Echo and Alexa are supposed to be the primary integration in my home with Google as my back-up.  I use Google frequently for several tasks because it simply works better, less flaws, and more stability.  Alexa constantly has configuration, integration issues almost daily.	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Such a horrible system, it can't be used as a bluetooth speaker without having extra loud announcement of ""NOW PLAYING FROM ****DEVICE****."	1	May 16, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this Dec 2021. I don't use it everyday or every other day. Last month it started having issues. The speaker will stop after a few seconds of being on and its volume will drop to where you can barely hear it. I put the volume up or have alexa do it and it still drops to where you can barely hear it. There are no internet issues. I have 2 other older alexas in my home which are the old style. Those work perfectly and are uses everyday.	1	August 15, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I got the unit for my recording studio as an alternate listening source and light control system administrator - Unfortunately - it did not play well with my state of the art recording equipment which is hooked up to the Wi-Fi	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	The voice recognition is not as good as the original disc shaped echo I have in another room. Also the sound quality isn’t as good either.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have 2 of these in different rooms. The one closest to me doesn't hear my command but the other one does in an entirely different room. I have to reset them both about every month because they get stuck in an alarm reminder and blink blue endlessly. If you try to exchange it they give you a hard time. Awful customer service for an awful piece of poo. And it asked if I wanted to start a routine to turn on the lights. I clearly said no and yet it set a routine I don't want. I asked Alexa to cancel the routine and said sorry I don't know that. Infuriating pile of cow dung.	1	August 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	After a few weeks of using, it stop working and it kept resetting over and over	1	November 28, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	No me gusto porque en el idoma español esta bien limitada por ejemplo si tienes apple music no puedes poner musica desde tu telefono tienes que irte ala aplicación alexa y tratar de ahy porque si no no puedes y si quieres una cancion en particular tienes que batallar para ponerla no es.como que la busques en el cell y le des play y se ponga no porque luego te sale un mensage de apple que si quieres compartir dispocitivo tienes que hacer upgrade tu cuenta de apple music obio mas billete	1	March 22, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	You have to be within a couple of feet from it before it even recognizes you are speaking.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The sounds does not seem to be any better than the original version	1	August 4, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I have a echo dot old one and it can listen to me better than this new oneFor this new and upgrade it one I have to speak louderI really don’t like it	1	March 1, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Audio is ok, but the microphones are terrible. I have Alexa in every room in the house and this new one in the living room. We frequently have to yell at it several times to get it to respond, meanwhile dots in all the other rooms are responding because we are so loud. Skip this one and get the previous generation.	2	July 23, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I’m very dissatisfied with this device. Alexa never heard me respond. Reset same issue.	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The inability to efficiently delete songs from playlists is just ridiculous. Seriously, why can't you just tell  Alexa to do it verbally? Who programmed this, Forest Gump? But wait, there's more. After logging into the labyrinthian and excessively cumbersome Amazon interface to delete a song from your playlist -- it still won't remove it. Into the garbage it goes. No more Amazon products for me.	1	April 12, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I own a few different versions of the echos and this by far is the worst one on the market.  Most time will never answer back and if does you get an answer of sorry cant help now.  Stay away from this my 1st version of this from years ago is much better.	1	January 5, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I got this to replace my 2rd Gen Echo tower IN THE EXACT SAME LOCATION.  This new device is much worse for listening comprehension, and I must repeat everything loudly and slowly several times before she gets it.  The 'deafness' is extremely frustrating.  I wish that I had kept the 2rd Gen Echo which has the ""far-field voice recognition"" with the ""array of seven microphones tucked under the light ring"".  The 4th gen cuts microphones down to only four and moved their location.  It seems Amazon sacrificed hearing comprehension to give better sound quality.  I say they sacrificed too much.  Premium sound isn't any good if the device can't understand you.  I really hate this device."	2	September 18, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	No worth the price	1	May 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Sound quality is really good. Better than the previous.	3	March 9, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Just let me say, I LOVE the shape and LOVE the color. I got the Twilight blue one. That said, it is where the ""likes"" end. The sound at volume 5 was lower than my 2nd Gen Echo.  So I then decided just to blast it on high,"" level 10 "" and yes it was loud, BUT I had my 2nd Gen echo on as well in the same room, and at level 10 it drowns out the new one!!  I expected it to blow my old 2nd gen out of the water. NOPE, it was the other way around. So disappointed.  If it becomes way cheaper or louder i might consider buying it again. For now, it's going back."	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Will not stay connected. Amazon will not replace it. Have several other dots no problems. Been with Amazon for years! Buy a lot. Customer service changed! Time for me to change?	1	January 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am not sure what happened to the sound quality of music between the last generation and this one, but it definitely went down.  I was surprised since Alexa’s voice is very clear and crisp.  I started playing music at level 5 thinking it would be a powerful sound as the last generation, but even going up to level 7, it sounds muffled and quiet.  The positives are that the size is fantastic, it looks great sitting out in the living room, and the functionality (commands and features) is impressive.  I just wish the music sounded good since that’s what we mainly use it for.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Sound quality is above and beyond the echo dot  I wish it had a clock on it also like the dot."	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Microphone not sensitive at all. I have to literally shout the wakeup word most of the time.	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It’s ok just not better then my old echo speakers are bad so low and mild 🥺🥺🥺	1	April 27, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"This is a very advanced tech and so far everything about it is very nice but has one major issue. The sound is amazing.  Great base and soundIf you want to stand there after every song and tell it ""Play mysong on Spotify/Apple music"" you can do that.BUT if you tell it to ""Play myplaylist on Spotify/apple music"" it will only play between 1-10 dongs. Even if you shuffle it will only play a few.You would think between Amazon and Spotify/Apple they could fix this issue but no.It is so frustrating to have to tell it which songs to play every few songs. But the most frustrating part is it will start right back at the play list first song which I don't know how it came up with it. It sure likes that song though"	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Google home was better.	1	March 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted to like it but since only part of it works I’m finding it hard to. I can’t tell anything about the sound quality because they, I bought 2 of them, won’t play music. Since I bought them to expressly play music this seems to be something of a useless purchase. I called customer service and just got a big run around for the first 15 minutes the person I was talking to basically acted like the fact it wouldn’t play anything really wasn’t a big deal and then later said he had just read that there was an issue with the units not being able to play things and when they figured things out they would give me a call. Nice. So basically I have 2 expensive paper weights. Like so many of the other reviewers have noted the white power cord with a black unit is hideous it’s like Halloween every day . I would avoid this item until they get their stuff together.	1	November 12, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I had the original Echo 1st generation, and never felt the need to upgrade until I decided to add Zigbee devices and wanted to control them with a Zigbee compatible Echo... so I upgraded to the Echo 4. I now wish I'd gone with the Echo Studio instead. I'm not pleased with the sound quality of the Echo 4. The voice clarity is not as good as my original Echo 1, but even worse the music sound quality is not as good as the Echo 1. Partly, I miss the 360 degree sound projection of the Echo 1. The Echo 4 sound quality changes markedly depending on which direction you are from the device. The bass is a bit too heavy, and the treble is very muted. I adjusted the equalizer on the device to reduce the bass and increased the treble to maximum but this barely improved the equalization.Another issue I'm having, which never happened with the Echo 1 is that the Echo 4 will not respond to ""Alexa Stop"" when music is playing. In fact, I can't get the device to stop playing music with any command so I have to unplug it. Very frustrating.The good news is that the Echo 4 controls my Zigbee devices and setup of Zigbee devices was easy.If sound quality is important to you, I would recommend spending more for the Echo Studio and that's what I will do. The Echo 4 was a step down from my Echo 1 in every respect aside from Zigbee.UPDATE: I spoke with Amazon on the telephone (went online, submitted my phone number and they called me right away). Amazon (incredible employee named Gwen) took the time to work with me on methodical solutions to my problems with the Echo 4. She completely stood behind their product and their service. Gwen offered to replace the Echo 4, but since they aren't currently available she instead refunded the amount instantly. I subsequently found a solution to the problem with Alexa not responding to voice commands and it is now working as intended (I deleted the Groups I created for my various Echo devices around the house - this seems to have caused problems with certain devices not responding). I let Gwen know this, but she provided the refund and doesn't require me to return the Echo. I am 100% satisfied with Amazon support and customer service, and this gives me 100% confidence to continue buying their products. Amazon customer service completely exceeded my wildest expectations. I will be getting an Echo Studio for the better sound quality."	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Sound is bad in my opinion, labeled premium is just plain sad.  No where close to Bose or even a similar priced bluetooth speaker like the oontz.  Super disappointed.  They have a long long way to go when it comes to sound quality.  My google speaker sounds as good as this one.  The bass on the one I received was non-existent, sounded tinny and fuzzy.  I was shocked.  Maybe I got a bad one.	1	December 17, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I ordered this with the Ring light bulb at a great price during Prime week. Unless you already have a Ring bridge don’t order this combo. I could not get the Echo to act like a bridge for the light bulb to join the network. The Echo was very time consuming to get set up after chasing the light bulb to join unsuccessfully.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The speaker is overrated. My samsung phone is louder than the speaker..pure trash	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	Keeps going off in the middle of the night	1	January 28, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Very disappointed with the installation process of this echo.  First off, the user manual is useless if you have any issues.  It should come with a much larger manual that details issue resolution.  Plus, much more details on connecting other devices.  Getting the device connected to the network was a nightmare.  Took at least a dozen tries to get that done and I still have no idea why it finally worked.  Amazon really needs to work on making the install piece as easy as connecting a phone to a hotspot.  Don't recommend it for people who aren't tech savvy.	2	January 1, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am very frustrated and disappointed with glitches and setup of skill the allows voice commands and control of Bose Sound Touch.  Better to have nothing at all.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Maybe it's just me, but i find the sound to be very ""muddy"". Most of what Alexa says we can't understand. It's rather frustrating. And she doesn't always understand us, although we are careful to enunciate. I'm not planning to buy other units for the other rooms in the house."	2	June 18, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I must say I was disappointed in this new design. The voice recognition and speaker quality is poor compared to generation #1. The design is also poorly thought through, Gen 1 had the light on top of the unit so you can see when Alexa is listening after the key word is given,; however, Gen 4 is at the bottom which makes it really difficult to see and leads to frustration when you ask a question and realize it's not listening.These are my opinions and I can only compare between Gen 1 and Gen 4 as I've only owned these two Alexa units.	2	July 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	Like other reviewers, responsiveness to the wake word is an issue. I have the first two generations and this was not an issue.  Got it as a Black Friday deal and glad I didn’t pay full price.	3	December 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I am so sorry I bought these devices. Save the boxes if you bought these to play Amazon Music because you are going to want to return them. They work for a couple of days and then you have to unplug them all, and then plug them all back in again. They are not worth the effort	1	February 14, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	She sounds good and I don't mind the new shape but she just can't hear anything I say. She doesn't hear her name unless I yell it at her, even when I am standing close to her. She is also having a hard time understanding what I say to her. She causes us to lose our tempers a lot! I would send her back in a heartbeat if I hadn't traded my Echo 3rd Gen. in on her.	2	December 29, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	"Update 4/11/22BY THE WAY, you hate this product, don’t buy it.  Constant by the way messages and advertising in my apartment.  Switching to apple I think.This item is okay, sounds decent enough,however today I am reminded once again how annoying it is to yell ""ALEXA STOP"" 15 times in a row angrily to get reminders to stop playing in my apartment.Amazon, fix it"	1	May 31, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I wanted to love this product. Looks cool. Good features with the zigbee hub built in. But the response was slower that my other echo devices. The microphones are not good. It would only respond if I stood over it and spoke directly at the thing. Tried moving it all over the house to see if it picked up voice commands better but it didn't. The funny thing is when you say the wake word the lights are working but no voice response. Yet even tho it was set as my primary echo, it would respond from the kitchen or bedrooms.	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was wanting a speaker set to use with my laptop, but these are just terrible for that even tried using the headphone jack on it. You can only connect to one speaker with the bluetooth and even when they're not paired to the laptop, you can only play stereo L+R with amazon music, and that's it. DO NOT GET TWO OF THESE AS SPEAKERS!	3	November 27, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I bought this for its utility, convenience, and ease of use. I DID NOT buy this so Amazon could work advertisements into my home life.The damnable thing won’t shut up. I’ve limited every feature I can think of, and there are tons of hidden ‘features’ that weasel more ads into your life. I still get notifications from Amazon about absolute crap I don’t care about, and more importantly, didn’t ask for. Even when I’m using it normally it will tag on some add at the end with a “by the way…”.People are amazing at having bad ideas, whoever proposed these things should advertise to the people who bought them was a font of bad ideas. Make these things more useful, not more bothersome and annoying.	2	July 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	The sound is very muddy and way too much bass, often unintelligible.  I cannot understand what is being said.  I had hoped the sound quality would be improved over the former model but it is not.  There should be crisp, crystal clear, voice but that is not possible.  Very disappointed.	1	November 15, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Every single command and Alexa says “playing music from Kesha on Amazon music.” I don’t like Kesha. It plays this station for every single command. This is seriously bs. They had to have programmed this garbage to do this.	1	April 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	Aesthetically looks better than old version. Very little difference in sound quality.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	I have gen 3 pucks… those are a great deal, these are ok	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	It's ok, but if there's away to set the lows and highs would be great.  Sometimes shes bassy, shes hard to understand	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I am disappointed this model does not hear the wake word as easily as my echo plus or echo dot. It feels like this is hard-of-hearing. It is like pretending my grandmas' name is Alexa. Need to keep repeating it to get her attention. All the while, my echo dot in an adjacent room and my echo plus upstairs is responding to the wake word I am directing to this new 4th Gen one. Wish there was some gain control to make the microphone more sensitive.I would advise, if you are upgrading to replace the previous echo plus, hold-off for now. The sound quality of this 4th Gen is slightly better. It is noticeable. But this microphone issue is quite annoying and diminishes that benefit for me.	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	I would have been happy with another 3rd generation but they haven’t been available.  Why would I want a charcoal unit with a cheap white cord?  I am able to hide mine due to placement but others will not be happy.	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	ALEXA!That’s me screaming at this new Echo because it cannot hear me. I keep it next to my bed on the nightstand. Unless you’re speaking to it. It won’t hear you. Last years model was so much better.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo 4th Gen	As a stand-alone it is a worthy upgrade but if you plan on pairing 2 through Bluetooth good luck. It’s great when it works but often disconnects.....frustrating so back it went	3	May 14, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"This is my second Echo. I bought it after my original one stopped functioning. I've been disappointed.  When I give it the same command I have successfully given it many times in the past, it will say that no such command exists.  When I try to set an alarm or timer, it often gets the time wrong.  It interrupts me often asking me questions before I can even get the full command out.  And it won't stop talking with me when I say ""Alexa, stop.""  It pairs with my Smart light switch but when I give the command to turn on the light, as often as not it says okay and then nothing happens.  It's more annoying than useful and it will be the last one I buy.Update:  Spent a few days at a relative's home who has the newest Echo with the camera. It has the same problems as my Gen. 4.  It seems there has been a quality decrease in Echos."	2	January 8, 2022	0
Echo 4th Gen	The echo dot is great however it sucks because my annoying kids are always asking Alexa to do things when I’m not trying to hear it.	3	April 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition on the item is not that great...other versions are more accurate...sound is great	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The echo dot is great however it sucks because my annoying kids are always asking Alexa to do things when I’m not trying to hear it.	3	April 16, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition on the item is not that great...other versions are more accurate...sound is great	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	"Love the Echo Dot I ordered on Prime Day recently and was excited that this smart light bulb was FREE with my Dot purchase. But upon receipt, I learned that the light bulb requires a $49.99 ""bridge"". So I'll be buying some of the smart bulbs that work with Alexa by Sengled."	1	July 10, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	I was looking forward to this Echo, especially since there was so much hype about it. I would have to say that I’m disappointed. The sound quality is great, that’s the best part. Interacting with Alexia was frustrating and often having to repeat and rephrase what I said was upsetting. Connecting to other devices is not as easy as you would think. If it wasn’t for the speaker quality-I would send it back. I would say to think of buying the Apple Home Pod as an alternative.	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I found it difficult (during setup) to introduce this device (Echo Dot, 4th generation) to the three other ""dots"" (earlier version) for communicating ... I could ""drop in"" to the other dots (earlier version ""hockey pucks""), however, they (""bedroom, family room, garage, etc.) COULD NOT drop-in to Dot, 4the generation.  Technical help by phone resolved the issue, but I could not find any direction on how to fix this problem with any (text) documents and/or information on-line. Thanks to Emman F for his assistance."	3	October 22, 2022	1
Echo 4th Gen	Doesn't wait to let me finish what I'm telling her	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo 4th Gen	The idea of Echo devices is great.  Unfortunately, they frequently do not work.  They do not last much past their warranty period.  They are very frustrating.	1	December 9, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	It is the size of a cantaloupe so it is going to take up more room than the previous cylinder style of Echo.It is big. It takes up space and becomes a focal point more than just something there to help you. It's too big. One would think that it is bigger the speaker would be better. It isn't and I don't know why they say it is as it isn't. Previous Echo had a better speaker. The voice recognition is as bad as it always has been and wish they would work on that more than changing the design. Hoping the next gen will better as this is a swing and a miss.	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo 4th Gen	"I purchased this to replace a gen 1 alexa.  The sound quality isn't as good in my opinion.  It's more directional vs the 360 sound I have know to come and love.  The microphone seems more direction as well.  It seems like it can't hear me at all angles so I find myself repeating often.  The absolute worst part is when added to a mesh of existing dots this Alexa proved to be unintelligent.  Alexa turn on television... my kitchen lights went on.  Alexa turn on cable.....no device found.  Look in the app and it shows ""ke bel.""  Alexa turn on Garage.... the device does not support this.... despite it being a group for the past year and working on all my other devices.  I have nearly every Amazon device.  This one is not worth it.  I miss my gen 1.  I even spent hours in the app re-doing my voice profile and everything including setting preferred speakers.  It just doesn't seem to be as good as the previous versions.  Sometimes I have to yell at it so loud that my other devices upstairs hear me and take over.  Totally bizarre.Update 10/30/2022 - There is a flaw with this new version.  I have ""start of request sound"" enabled on all of my amazon devices.  I can simply say ""Alexa turn on cable"" without any pause between Alexa and the rest of the sentence and she does her thing.  This new version however it is like they didn't shield alexa from it's own sounds or stops recording when it plays the wake sound.  Going in voice activity in the alexa app and re-playing the sounds and looking at what she heard will make this painfully obvious.  ""alexa turn on cable"" shows up as ""alexa turn on ke bel.""  Play back the audio and u will hear ""Alexa turn on ca <wake sound> ble>.""  This is a huge product flaw in my opinion.  To fix it turn off the start of request sound and she operates like normal.  Use the end of request sound only if you speak like me.Update 12/31/2020 - I decided to return the device for several reasons. The microphone as many others have discovered is flawed. It's not sensitive. You have to talk so loud other devices on different floors of your home hear you. No software update can fix bad hardware. Competitor devices have the ability to adjust mic sensitivity which is awesome. How do I know? After amazon started removing my reviews bc they were suspicious with no other explanation I am replacing all my alexa devices with their main competition and man they are better in every way so far. goodbye alexa."	2	October 26, 2020	0
Echo 4th Gen	Voice recognition is so poor, my little echo dot picks up the commands before this device and is in another room!	2	October 7, 2022	0
