variation	verified_reviews	rating	date	feedback
Echo Show 8	"Update:Pros: When you set reminders they show up on the screen before to remind you they are coming and they stay on the screen for a short while after. This is a really nice feature.Cons: there is a basic sound mixer with bass, mid and treble to adjust the sound of the device. The only problem is the settings wont save so you have to reset them every day or every time you want to listen to music. This can be  a pain when you have several alexa devices and have to redo sound settings every time you want to play music on them all at once throughout the house.I purchased two echo show 8's when they had them on special. I an echo and an echo dot, but these were my first echo devices with screens so I wasnt sure what to expect. I mainly decided to try them due to amazing price they had that day.The size of the screen is not bad for a device. I just havent found too many uses for my echo show compared to my plain echo due to limited skill sets.Screen: the screen has nice a nice image for a device, colors are on the cool side.  It will show you the hourly weather which is nice. You can stream prime videos and when you play music it will display lyrics for some songs.  You can ask alexa to show you a map of traffic for your work commute,  but the map is zoomed out so far you cant tell which roads/route is highlighted. You are also unable to zoom in. If the map view was closer or you could zoom in this would be a great feature.  I have blink cameras and the echo show will bring up the live view from the cameras. The image looks good but the buffering time to bring up the image is a good 10-15 seconds similar to my firestick, so anyone at the door will likely be gone by then. It would be nice if they could get the buffering time down so it opens as fast as it does with the blink app on my phone. You can choose slide shows to play on the screen, for example I am using nature or you can create your own. You can go into settings and turn off the advertisements for websites and news which is nice.  However there is no way I have found yet to turn off the banner at the bottom of the screen advertising alexa skills with ""try this"" The clock is relegated to a tiny corner on the upper left with no way to make it bigger. it would be nice to be able to customize size and design of clock.Sound: The speakers are slightly bigger than the echo dot and in similar fashion the show 8 does not have dolby so the sound is more similar to an echo dot.  It doesnt sound bad on low, but any bass in the music cant be reproduced and ends up just muddling the sound. If you are used to echo dot, then you will be happy with the sound from the echo show. If you are used to regular echo or echo plus, you will find the sound quality to be less and lacking bass. Although to be fair, if you are streaming music then you not exactly an audiophile or overly concerned about sound quality anyway.  I currently have an echo show 8 in master bed and living room, an echo in kitchen and dot in basement. When playing music you can set it to stream out of all the devices at once. This is nice for when you are choring around the house, as you move from room to room the music follows. You are supposed to be able to do this reminders/alarms as well, but when I set reminders to play from ""everywhere"" it still only plays from the device I used to set it up?Camera: The echo show has a camera for face to face streaming through drop in feature. The camera is only 1 mp so the quality is pretty low. I was thinking I could use the drop in feature to use the echo show like a security camera and check in on my pets while at work. The natural tilt of the echo show without a stand directs the camera view to the ceiling. You can put it on a stand, but to get a decent view of the room through the camera the screen/echo show has to be basically vertical. Unless your echo show it at eye level, this makes using the screen awkward. So between the camera direction and low quality of image I cant really use it as a security camera to view rooms when away from home. The drop in is a nice feature to communicate with other family members or friends.Privacy features: the ""shutter"" switch to cover the camera is a great feature. Not only does it physically cover the camera but you can see that it is covered for reassurance. This is great so a friend or family member doesnt drop in while your walking around in your underwear. You can also push another button to turn off the camera and the microphones so amazon cant listen to you hatch your plans for world domination. As with other Amazon devices wireless connectivity is good, I have never had wifi connectivity issues with any of my amazon devices.Overall its not a bad device. The sound is subpar to my echo (but on par with an echo dot)and with limited skills and small screen size I dont really find uses for having a screened echo device. I can put one in my basement so I can pull up my blink front door camera when someone rings doorbell, but long buffering time means they might leave or it would be easier to just run upstairs and check the door. If the traffic maps were zoomed in so you could identify individual routes it would make that a great feature.  It could double as a security camera to drop in an check on inside house or pets if the camera was better quality and not aimed at the ceiling.  I got them at an amazing price, but at this point I am undecided if I will keep them. I might just trade them back in for another echo."	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's Alexa. It's a freaking smart device. I think most of us have enough experience with them to know they're glitchy boogers.  First, the photo app kept copying pics from my devices that I'd already deleted the first time it uploaded them. I finally had to tell it to stop backing up my pics. Then I had over 1400 pics and it kept just showing the same 30 pics over and over, every day. And yes, I did what I could with the settings.  Which is also a joke. The settings don't change, no matter what you tell it. Takes forever to move to the next pic. I tell it to change every 6 seconds, but it still takes it's sweet time. Then I'll be singing along to the words that it's showing and it'll do something else. I tell it to show me the lyrics again and it will not!! Oh so much more. But the kicker is that I keep telling it to turn its screen off and I'll go back in the room to find the screen on again. I find it on in the morning. I finally got fed up with it, put it back in its box and put a regular Dot back in it's place. Had it in the kitchen for recipes. But only used that feature once. And I can do the same thing with my phone. Only thing I can possibly imagine it being any good for would be if you had a doorbell with a cam, or other cam things. But it would probably be an annoyance then too.	3	September 5, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	That's right if you put Alexa up to some of the other big brands and do a voice search 90 percent of the time Alexa will return an answer out of the left field, 3 tries later and you find yourself just telling Alexa to go to the home screen. Pic up either of the phones with the largest operating system, ask the same question, and voila an instant correct answer. In three years there has been no improvement. Alexa is a giant listening device with little more to offer than a fancy screen. It's clear when no effort has been put into improving the verbal search capabilies. I ordered the equivalent in Google and hope to have it online soon and get the same correct answers everytime the same way a phone responds. Alexa is like having an unwanted 3-7yr old you had to pay for and annoying provides that level of response. No accuracy.	3	October 24, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"The Echo Show 8 should have been a slam dunk easy win for Amazon but it seems they just can't get out of their own way.  The flaws in interface are becoming annoying to the point of distraction.  Luckily this is something that is easily remedied by Amazon, if they simply listen to their customer base.  My primary use for this is smart home integration, lights and camera system, married to the Ring ecosystem.  That's where my review becomes a tale of two halves.Smart home integration - 4/5 - This it does really well (will explain the 1 star loss below).  Given that Ring is owned by Amazon, this should come as no surprise.  I'm able to easily and quickly bring up a camera and not only live view but also voice communicate over it.  It's exactly what I need.  Working from home, setup in my office, I can see and talk to whomever comes to the front door.  I can also bring up the patio camera and see/talk to the wife/kids/pet in and around the pool.  With the right components I can change the temp, adjust the lights and control smart enabled devices I've purchased with capable of Alexa integration.  Love every part of this.Alexa interface - 1/5 - This is why I'm so disappointed.  This sits on my desk in the office and when I'm not using it, my expectation is that it is a time/day/temp clock with a pretty background picture.  It kind of is, except when Amazon feels like sales pitching/promoting something.  Which is more often than not.  The screen flashes to that what essentially becomes a popup ad, which I catch from the corner of my eye, while I'm working.  Now I've gone in to Settings -> Home Content -> turned off everything, including Rotate Continuously.  While that has cut down a lot of the home screen spam, Amazon is forcing something called ""Alexa for your day"" and it seems to have no shutoff option.  There are other missing settings that simply shouldn't be missing from a controllable interface like the Show.Feedback/Suggestions/Fixes1.  Smart home integration - The missing star is because while the Show/Ring have a really nice integration, they just stopped short of making it something that could have been extraordinary.  We need a Ring dashboard screen for the Show.  Something like the live camera view of a NVR.  Maybe allowing users to touch on a box and bring that camera up to full screen view before dropping back to tiles of all the cameras.  Amazon owning both companies should be able to program the API for that and it would elevate the Echo Show from an optional addition, to an ""essential"" component of the Ring ecosystem.2.  Home Screen -  Kill the suggestions/hints/tips/promotion stuff.  We own the product, we're invested in the Amazon ecosystem, save the spam for someone else.  This isn't a demo model in a brick and mortar store.  While disabling everything under Home Content, we're still getting stuff like ""Alexa for your day"".  While it does cuts down on clutter on the Home Screen, it should cut out all the clutter.  When people say it's not as bad, as a desk clock, it's still a distracting eye sore.  Clock, day, time and a beautiful background... speaking of which.3.  Missing background setting - Where is the option to control the background settings?  I'm told the background (non-photo) pictures rotate every 10 minutes.  In reality, the Show seems to do them whenever it feels like it.  It may scroll through some as quick as 30 seconds before settling on one for 10 minutes.  This setting should be in the menu.  We should have the ability to control how often that background changes.  It should be a ""Never change"" to a 1-24 hour selection, or something similar.  Give us the ability to set it.  It should be customizable the way a pc desktop is, only have what I want to see, how I want to see it.4.  Clock - The Show 5 allows for a large centered clock.  Why isn't this an option for the 8?  This is just baffling and might be the single most requested thing I've seen across forums and reviews.  The API cannot be that hard.  The Show is an end table clock, a desk clock, even a kitchen clock when not actively being used.  It's okay, that's what people want it to be.My mom used to say, sometimes you help best when you stay out of the way.  Well, Amazon stay out of your own way.  The Echo Show 8 should be the ultimate executive assistant.  Quiet and unobtrusive, sitting on corner of my desk until I interact with it.  Instead you've deliberately chosen it to be the annoying temp that keeps trying to be ""helpful"" with suggestions and popups.  Look at the reviews, forums, notice people know what they want from the device.  Ditch the dystopian future ad spam trope and make the interface clean and elegant and most importantly, user driven."	2	April 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Amazon had produced some great Echo show devices but they still haven't grasped the idea of how to make this the optimal user experience.My first Echo Show was the original 5"" model introduced in 2017.  I was one of the first to purchase this and three years later, it still performs admirably.Since then, Amazon has introduced a massive 10"" model, a smaller 5"" model and now this 8"" model.I have bought all of them.My absolute favorite is the 10"" model.  If you have RING cameras in your home or you want to use this as a photo frame that will continuously show your photos linked to your Amazon Photo account, this is the only model you should be considering.  Yes, it costs more, but the extra real-estate makes a big difference.I bought the 5"" model to use as a bedside clock.  However, it was too small.  I went with this 8"" model to use as a bedside clock, though despite user recommendations on how to make it work, it doesn't operate as a full-sized clock.  The digits are minimalized to one of the corners of the screen.I am now looking at the Lenovo clock as that 5"" made specifically as a bedside smart clock display.But getting back to the 8"" Echo Show...It's a terrific unit with a beautiful screen and it absolutely is a compromise between the smaller and larger models.The problem is, it still operates the same as it did back in 2017.  There doesn't seem to be any software revisions that make the Echo Show a better user experience.For instance, no matter what you turn off, the display is always showing a rotating list of things to try.  It may be helpful at first, but it's annoying after a while.Want a news feed displayed to your screen?  You really can't personalize the kind of news that you want.  In essence, this is the heart of the problem concerning the Amazon Echo Show experience.  You can't personalize this device to display the kind of content YOU want.  All the content is generalized.  You can't make this device show you any more personalized content than your next-door neighbor can.  It conveys generic news content at its best.You would think that after all these years, Amazon would have learned to make this a device that really works for you.  While you can go into the app and make traffic reports more personalized according to your work address, you really can't do anything more tailored to your needs.  Want specific news feeds or even your personal stock results updated on the screen?  You are completely out of luck.I have the Google Nest hubs as well.  I do like the Amazon ecosystem better, though there are some things that Google does better.  You can carry on a conversation with the Google Hubs.  You can't with Amazon.  You can use the hub with Nest cameras doorbells.  I can't do that with Amazon.  On the other hand, you can't view Ring cameras or doorbells on Google.  This fierce competition only serves to hurt the end-user who is forced to buy into both platforms to use all these devices.Where Amazon Echo and all its related devices clearly win is with the number of plug-ins available for it.  There are many really cool skills that you can add through the app to make Echo even more amazing.I really like the 8"" but overly disappointed that it's not designed as a bedside clock no matter what settings have already been suggested to use.  If I were new to these Echo devices and deciding upon the very first one I would want to purchase, I would go for the 10"" model -- especially if using cameras or showing off photos."	3	December 3, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"Three downsides so far:1. Didn't realize it was a 1MP camera on this first gen as opposed to the 13MP on the second gen. If you want to look in on your home the view isn't that wide, so you're limited on the area you can view. I have the camera in a room, facing the doorway. I can see people enter, but the view isn't wide enough to see what they're doing, and it doesn't show anything near the floor to be able to check up on pets. I would have to place the device on to the floor to be able to see pets. But I got it on sale, so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.2. ADS! I am so angry about this. I shut off everything in the Home Content Setting except for my photos and messages. AND I'M STILL GETTING ADS!!! It doesn't happen often, but I've caught advertisements for Disney+ movies a few times today and I am LIVID! I did not agree to have my space polluted with content I did not authorize! I wanted to look over and see the time and my photos scrolling in the background, but now I'm seeing ads, and they also take away the clock when they show up! I had to wait for the ad to show up for me to ""hide content"", but I think it was just that particular ad that I hid and another will pop up eventually.3. Occasionally, the screen will go black. Alexa will still respond, but tapping the screen, saying home screen, telling Alexa to show my photos will not start my home screen photo roll w/ clock back up. You can still pull down the menu from the screen and open other aps, but the home screen is just black. When that happens, I have to unplug it and plug it back in to restart it."	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"You can't block sports news from your feed. Amazon forces you to see it constantly.+2 stars for the quick phone call from Amazon's department in charge of handling complaints like this.  The issue doesn't have a total solution but at least there is a flag to disable ""sports videos"".  Swipe down on your Show, click Settings, scroll down to ""Home & Clock"", select ""Home Content"", scroll down to ""Sports Videos"" and unselect it.  Sports news unfortunately still hides under ""News"" and I like general news.  She mentioned submitting a feedback report to request more granulated news coverage.  Sorry I didn't remember your name but you were very sympathetic to my weird issue and helped me as best as Amazon allowed you to."	3	October 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	We got an echo show as a gift.  It seeemed to take over our other echo devices.  Also it was not clear about how to drop in vrs how to do a video call.  Currently it is turned off because it is not clear how to use it.  It would be nice to have more comprehensive instrutions.	3	November 11, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought this in December of 2020 as an upgrade from the non-video Echo.  The video is decent, the sound is great and the setup is fairly easy. That being said, after a little over a year, the Alexa programming for videos is 9/10 in the red as is the listening capabilities.  With every update it's gotten worse. After some googling, it seems to get the same for many others.  I find it amazing I can be two feet from the device and 'she' doesn't hear me but the echo puck in the bathroom down the hall can. Videos stop for no reason and the unit reverts to the home screen without explanation.  None of Amazon's help suggestions (which is the only response you'll get when you ask why besides ""Sorry, something went wrong"") have fixed the issue. Yes, I've unplugged it and plugged it back in, nothing is blocking it, internet is working great, even reset it to factory setting....I specifically got this for watching shows or movies while being in the kitchen and now it's the one thing that consistently does not work correctly. It's sad that updates seem to degrade the product features that are suppose to enhance it. Second to that is requesting a specific song or album is a pot shot now.  I personally believe myself articulate enough to be understood, and I do not think requesting music by Shaman's Harvest sounds anything like Shawn Mendes. I or someone in the house will request a song and it opens YouTube and plays something totally irrelevant.  It will make many suggestions for spending more money on other Amazon subscriptions, dutifully tell you to see the help section of the Alexa app when there's an issue and suggest and direct you on how to leave feedback.  The notifications, alarms, weather check and reminders work and it does do a decent job of finding recipes.I loved it when we first got it but now it's no better than the older non-video Echo with better sound and it's unfortunately not heavy enough to use as a doorstop.  At least in my frustration I found using the Prime video app on my old tablet works great as a replacement viewer for movies and shows, even if the sound isn't as good."	3	April 14, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"First impression - not impressed. There is much, much room for improvements with this device. I'll say that the ""suggestions"" at the bottom of the screen are a non-issue for us, I can't imagine why this bothers some people as much as it does. Frankly, I never notice them on my Fire TVs or this Echo. Pros are good sound, and everything as far as smart home device control goes. Having had an Echo in the house since the beta edition, we have added many bulbs and a thermostat that the Echo Show works well with. The cons are too many and too important. a) It has Hulu, but no Netflix. It is the only device I know of that can't get Netflix. The only video options it has are NBC (wow), Hulu, Food Channel if you pay for the service, Tubi and Prime video.  One out of 5 is not bad, would love to have more options there. b) The inability to add any apps. If I could put SlingTV on this, I wouldn't care about the Netflix. Adding Plex would give me access to my own server of content. c) YouTube looks awful. You can ask Alexa to do a YouTube search and you get all these tiny thumbnails in one column that runs down the left side while the majority of the screen is left unused, just white wasted space. I've tried both browsers and they both look like this. The YouTube app would help here. d) Fingerprints on the screen are VERY noticeable and take away from the picture quality. I believe that after any initial setting up I won't be touching it too much anyway. e) When I'm using the screen for viewing something and I tell Alexa to turn off a light, it goes to a very useless/annoying screen showing a light bulb with a slider next to it... and it stays there 15 seconds or so. Meanwhile, I'm missing my other thing I was watching. Why would it do this? I've obviously just displayed the fact that I can control the light with my voice, why would I now need a second option for the light adjustments for my finger?? This alone is a deal breaker!! f) So far, I have not been able access all of the content that I get on my Kindle. I push many recipes and other Docs to my Kindle and can see that content on any device that runs the Kindle app....until now. I can see my books, but not my Docs/Collections. Did not see that coming. Now for recipes I'm seeing that I need to sign up with AllRecipes.com and send recipes there to easily access them with the Echo Show.It seems to me, to get the most out of this, I need to conform to Amazon's way and not mine. Get an allrecpies account, sign up with Hulu. Or if I buy a Ring doorbell I can see a camera view. On my FireTV and Kindle tablets I am able to access all of my security cameras with the installation of a single app. I just received the Show yesterday and I will look to see if I can make this thing more useful for my needs, I honestly haven't spent that much time with it. Maybe I can find some answers to my concerns. In the past, while I'm in the kitchen, I have just stood my Kindle Fire 8 tablet on the counter, I'll probably go back to doing that. The tablet has more functionality, all the apps, all my Kindle content and and it's portable. I'm going to update this review in a couple of days. By then, I will have decided if the Show has to go.UPDATE: This thing is going back. I've tried what I would think should be simple tasks, it fails. I tried to setup an album in Prime photos for changing backgrounds. It's been on the same photo for several hours although the album has 209 photos in it. I say Play a Slideshow of that album or any album. It shows 4 or 5 pics and goes back to the home screen. Also, it appears there's no way to shuffle the albums - why not? Fire TVs allow the slideshows to shuffle. I tried to see my security cams using the Monocle skill. I can now call them up with Alexa on my Fire TVs, but not the Show. I looked further into the Allrecipes skill - it's the worst. As someone said it's better to have Alexa find recipes on the web.I have many Alexa enabled devices, but this by the far the most useless. Most of the positive reviews seem to be impressed with the things that need no screen - play music, control devices and lights. The screen has little to no functional use. Perhaps if this had been my first Alexa I would be more impressed. The show will have to go."	2	November 30, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Update 2022-04-27, shortly after my initial review I was contacted via email by an Amazon representative.  She also tried to call but I don't answer calls from unknown numbers.  She had some suggestions on different settings which did significantly help, but the device still shows quite a few useless and unwanted Alexa suggestions.  There isn't a way to turn those off apparently.  I'm raising the number of stars to a 3.  In general I still prefer the Google Home device over the Echo Show.The assistance from the Amazon rep:Swipe down from the top of the screen on the Echo Show. Tap on Settings. Choose Home and Clock. Tap on Home Content. Toggle off everything there that you no longer want to appear on the home screen.-- initial review --I like when it shows me my photos and local weather.  But most of the time it keeps showing me stupid and useless suggestions, over and over again.No, I don't want to watch Doolittle on IMDBtv, especially while I'm working.No, I don't want to ask it some stupid trivia question about some person I've never heard of.No, I don't want to see some stupid recipe.  I'll ask when I do want a new recipe.No, I don't need to know about some kitchen hack.No, I don't need for you to tell me a joke about baseball.No, I don't need to know how tall Danica Patrick is.And the list goes on, and on, and on, and on, and on....ad nauseam.I do like how you can set up a group of Echo speakers to play together.  That adds some dimension to the sound.  So I would recommend getting non-video Echo devices, but stay away from the video ones unless you want to turn the screen facing the wall and away from you.I also own a Google Nest Hub device which psychically is very similar but when idle, it only shows my photos and occasionally weather.  It's not constantly pestering me for my attention. It doesn't show ads, or useless suggestions.  Exactly what I would like my Echo device to do.  I highly recommend the Google device over the Echo device.	3	March 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Alexa Show 8 bundled with a Show 5 was available at an incredible value at the Amazon 4 star store recently, but only when I got home I realized the discounted pricing was for the older 2019 versions. No worries though, as the main upgrade in 2021 is the camera and that's something I keep turned off as I don't make calls with it. The sound is decent and the screen is ok. It seems similar to the Show 5 devices.So now I have 1 Alexa Show 8 and 2 Alexa Show 5 devices in my home and it's driving me up the wall. What p-sses me off most is the unprompted suggestions Alexa makes both with voice and at the bottom of the screen. Worse still it stops playing my family photos and instead puts on a generic screensaver with a useless prompt every few minutes.I have turned off all follow up, and notifications, on these devices but instead of showing me photos that I would like to cycle constantly, Alexa keeps giving me random suggestions. By the way, did you know that you can set a routine etc......Alexa, I just asked you the time, I worked late night and I don't need your suggestions when I am still in bed trying to catch up on my sleep. Also it kept showing me, that I have 12 items on my shopping list constantly, and whether I'd like to purchase them. It shows one photo and then switches to that screen on all my 3 devices. It was a shopping list for Fresh, so I went and deleted it, but now Alexa keeps showing me that I have NO items on my list and would I like to add them? Also it shows random news bits and recipes I have no interest in, I'd rather just see my family photos.I mean, Google Nest only shows me stuff when I want. Other than that it keeps cycling through my family photos with just the time and the weather on the screen. If I sound annoyed so far, it's because I am. It's a device that the Amazon engineers have programmed to do what they would like you to see rather than care about what you'd like it to show. Typical!Also Google search is far more intelligent than Alexa and it goes to Youtube for videos so anytime I have a real question, I ask my 2 Google Nests or 3 Google Minis that I also have sitting next to all the Alexa Show and Echo devices. However, Alexa search has got a lot better than before, but it throws up more errors as well. I asked today, "" Alexa, what movie can I watch today"", knowing that Amazon owns IMDB. It asked me to tell the genre, I tried many simple genres like Comedy, Action and each time it said there is an error. So there is a long road ahead before Alexa can become truly intelligent and error free.Another example - I use my Alexa devices to read my Kindle books. It can read almost all Kindle book purchases, the Show device shows the current chapter being read but I wish it provided more details or something on the screen to make the speed faster or slower. When I said ""Speak faster"" Alexa changed her usual speaking speed, rather than changing the speed at which she was reading my book, so then I finally said ""Read faster"" and it was able to read my book a little faster. What's the use of Show if it does not use the screen during this time. Also I'd like the option of continuing to view my photos rather than see the chapter title.Hopefully, Amazon is listening to its heaviest Alexa device users and makes these updates. I would have shut these devices off, but then I also got a Ring camera and I would like to see who is at my door in different rooms....Amazon has us in their vice, and they know it. Sigh."	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Not sure if I should be rating the echo specifically or how it integrates, which is really more of an Alexa over all thing but here goes. Truthfully, the little dots have better sound quality than the echo show 8. I was really disappointed with the sound quality. I do like that it has a manual button to turn off the camera and you can see that it is off. I feel like that is important. You can look and see the camera is not on rather than just hoping the device does what it is supposed to. One thing I do not like is that it is angled up. A LOT! So it is really inconvenient. You are pretty much forced to buy the special stand at $30 just to be able to angle it downward to a useful angle. So when I try to video call someone, my camera is pretty much pointing up at the ceiling. Amazon really screwed that up. Regarding Alexa, I feel like the voice feature is touchier on this echo show than it is on the dots. We have dots all over our house...almost every room. Those dots do not get things wrong anywhere near as often as this echo show so keep in mind that it really does vary from device to device. I have several dots but one of our dots pretty much gets everything we say wrong, or it often answers with ""Hmmm, I don't know that one."" Also regarding this Echo Show 8.... why can't I have more control over the apps that are on my app screen? Amazon needs to step up their game so that more applications are usable.  Also, it is very touchy when it comes to ambient light. You room can be well lit, but the device does not recognize it. Alexa is also prone to losing one of my smart light bulbs. I have four but one keeps getting lost. Probably a defective bulb though rather than an Alexa thing.Overall, it was a good purchase and I am not sorry I got it because it does a much better job with video call quality than facebook messenger or iphone facetime. That said, I do often go to the room with a dot in it for voice commands because the show seems to be stupid. It's like the difference between asking your two year old a question, and asking your 17 year old. Seriously. It's pretty significant. I can say, if Amazon doesn't step up their game on allowing more applications, I will switch to google. This has been around for a while. It needs to stop offering stupid garbage like ""Alexa, tell me a dog joke,"" or ""Alexa, ruin my day,"" and start adding compatible applications or at the very least, fix the problems with supposedly Alexa compatible hardware that isn't. So as you can see, my bigger issues are more with Alexa software than the Echo Show specifically, but after using it for a month or two, the few things I have listed in here are the only concerns I have had. ** Oh, and in case this is a factor for you, it is 5G compatible. My echo show functions well on both my 2.4 ghz connection as well as my 5G connection provided by my cable company. **"	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I'm not pleased with it.  This device is a missed opportunity.  There are a few nice features but what makes this piece of hardware so limited and frustratingly ironic is the software that drives it.  It's easier to list those things that you can't do than those things you can in this case.  This is because most of the things it can do are things that an Echo Dot can do.  Yes, I said it.  You would think that Amazon would take advantage of the display on the software side of things but nope.  Didn't happen.  The display is a light bleeder.  All around the edges of the screen there is light bleeding going on like someone tried to put a bandage on a wound and didn't cover sections of the wound.  The speakers are nice.  This I like, but it's only one part of an relatively expensive device that just so happens to have a display on it.  So while things sound great, if you are watching a video they look terrible and grainy to say the least.  You can't customize anything save the treble and bass of the audio and technically the wallpaper to some degree.  The wallpaper thing is annoying to me because it looks for an album or collage and wants to cycle through all the photos.  If you only have one photo you want to use it still switches to a standard Clipart photo on occasion as it is stuck searching for multiple images in that album or collage.  Why can't you just use a static photo?  There is no app list anywhere.  No app drawer or any reasonable way to access your installed apps without actually requesting it from Alexa.  Which you may say ""that's what devices like these are for!"" To which I say, when you're a foot away from the thing how hard is it not to mention how much faster would it be to swipe up or down and select the app you want from a list?  No, really...  The alarm settings on the thing is a waste.  I had two alarms set on the Show and they were fairly easy to set, but to turn them off?  You can't press a button.  You can't swipe the middle of the screen, no you have to pinpoint a tiny 1/2"" space in the lower right corner of the display and swipe up.  The problem is if you don't get it just right the device takes it as an attempt to snooze and the only way to turn it off is to grab your phone and open the Alexa app and turn it off there.  On top of that the device is finicky in that it will not always register your touch.  I have since removed those alarms on the show and just used the ones on my phone.  You can't customize the clock face.  You can't customize the image hue or contrast, only brightness.  The interface is very basic like it was meant for a child's play thing.  It feels very restrictive like simple rings you would think you should be able to do you can't because...you just can't.  One thing I do like is I can check my Ring cameras on the display.  That's nice, but not worth the price.  I can do the same thing with my phone and from anywhere.  The microphones are I intermittent at best.  Be prepared to raise your voice if you want to be heard and even then sometimes it still doesn't ""hear"" you.  Watching videos is okay in a pinch.  But that would have to be a very niche pinch because you would be better off proving your phone up and watching Netflix on it.  Video calls? One word, grainy.  It works!, but again, phone+Duo or Facetime= relative excellence.  Amazon needs to open this up where people can use it the way they want to use it and put a little more emphasis on what matters most for devices like this, the display.  To me this is just as bad as the Echo Auto just bigger and therefore a greater waste of space.  I'm not impressed."	2	May 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It was good while it lasted.	3	November 1, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	One of two of these Echo 8's is in our home, which intermittently fails to connect to Ring cameras, displays large time with yellow lower border, does not recognize Ring notifications, each of which requires reboot to remedy, until the next time the unit fails.Voice is muffled in mid-ranges despite adjustment of equalizer, which does very little to adjust sound timbre and tone.  Alexa voice is not clear, crisp and intelligible.  Sound is very muddy in music also.Not pleased with this unit because it is unreliable, and interface with Ring is also inconsistent and unreliable.  Ring works on iPhone fine, but is troublesome on Android, not working on notifications all the time.  Works even less reliably on Echo.Finally, not pleased with advertising, commercials and reminder interferences, suggestions, and offers, which cannot be turned off.  I've disabled just about everything possible, but still get intrusions and questions, unwanted order reminders for Amazon, etc.  These are annoying and intrusive, not helpful or wanted.I've got the camera turned off, but God only knows what else it's doing behind my back.Amazon should have figured this out by now, and produced a flaw-free item that works reliably as it should instead of trying to be cute and trendy.  If the basics don't work, what's the point of having this thing sitting in front of you all day on your desk trying to engage you in a conversation or plying you with ads to reorder Amazon purchases?	3	May 12, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Echo cannot hear very well. I have to talk very loud. My other devices pick up a voice very easily. But not this one☹️	3	October 18, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I now have a 5 and an 8 and my review will be for both plus feedback for alexa in general. The screens are cool but it's a bit annoying that I can't get rid of the alexa tips on the screen. I know there are things I can ask alexa to do that I don't know about but a tutorial section I can go to would be enough. I wish I had the same cool backgrounds on the 8 that I have on the 5, although I do like that I can use my pics from facebook. The shows misunderstand me quite a bit more than the echoes. It can be frustrating. I'll ask for volume to set to 5 and be told that I can only set on a scale of 1 - 10, or ask for 6 and get 9. One example but not the only times I get misunderstood. Also, despite having it set to ""brief"" I still feel like she can be a bit too long winded. I'll ask for music on ""everywhere"" and the song is 10 seconds in on the other devices before she's done talking. Then there are things that only need to be said once or not at all. If I ask for music everywhere then I don't need to be told it's playing everywhere. The fact that it's playing everywhere is all I need.I wish alexa were better at learning. If I verbally ask for shuffle or repeat, for example on the white noise skill that I use, she'll boldly announce that she'll remember the setting for next time but that has never been the case on any of the devices. I always have to turn shuffle or repeat back on from playlist to playlist even. The speaker on the 5 is abysmal but the 8 is actually pretty good. As good as or better than the echoes. The 5 is basically a glorified alarm clock. Speaking of the white noise skills, they can be really hard on the speakers. It's odd that Amazon would allow a skill to be developed that can damage its devices.I wish there were better integration of 3rd party devices. My cameras are geeni and I can't view them through the shows. I can't even verbally control them except for turning them on/off.Then there are things I feel like they should do but can't. For example, if music is playing on only one device, I wish I could say ""expand to everywhere"" or somesuch and have the music switch to everywhere, or vice versa. Instead, I have to ask everything to start over. I also wish I could connect to everywhere with bluetooth. This is an issue I've had since the beginning. I want to be able to play the music that is natively on my phone on everywhere.I wish I could watch more than just prime video on the shows. Considering how common it is that screen based smart devices come with the whole gamut of streaming apps, it's odd to me that the shows do not offer this. I know my review sounds largely negative but I do like the show and the potential it has. This review is meant to be constructive."	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Good for the price. The display is only so- so. I would be much happier with the purchase if it would stop advertising and just display normal screen savers.	3	October 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I really do enjoy this device and am impressed at the abilities of Alexa. That said, until they add the option to disable the “Try Alexa” suggestions on the bottom of the home screen I can’t recommend it and will not be buying addition units.Looking online I am far from the only person driven crazy by this so I hope Amazon listens to the feedback and makes this possible in a future update.EDIT: The current top review claims that I (and everyone else complaining about this) am wrong and this can be disabled. While this person is right in the fact you can customize a lot of the display, the “try” suggestions at the bottom are not one of them. For the record I contacted Amazon support before posting my review to confirm this. Anyone who says otherwise is simply wrong.	2	November 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	We have had this for a little over a year, and it is now unresponsive to us, it turns off, and takes forever to do something. We got this one after our 1st one just stopped working out of know where. Very frustrating when you spend over 100 on something and barely get a year's worth out of it.	3	September 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"First off, Kudos to amazon for doing right by me when my discontinued Echo spot started acting up.  They gave me the full purchase price as a credit toward the Show 8.  Ended up only costing me $5 with the $99 sale price.So now to the review.  It should be noted that I have a Show 5 as well, so I will make a couple of references when going over features and function.  To start, as HUGE plus is the ability to physically disable the camera.  This is something that the show 5 had but the Echo Spot didn't.  Its nice having the peace of mind not having to worry about anyone's privacy, no matter what room the device is in.The Screen is HUGE, bright and clear.  Its nice not having to watch distorted videos on a round screen.  Its a great price point between the show 5 and the original Echo Show.  The camera is the same as the Show 5 @ 1mp, more then enough for video chat.  It looks clear, with now distortions. This of course will depend on your internet/WiFi connectivity. The sound quality is very good.  Its not a $2k audio system, but its not a cheep pair of headphones ether...  The sound is rich and full and quite enjoyable.  Functionally its like any other Alexa device.Now for the issues.  The two big ones, and the reason for knocking off the 2 stars, is first, the LIMITED availability of clock face customization.  If you go to settings and select clock & faces, all you can pick is the clock background.  The HUGE face, and the time is limited to being displayed in one corner.  The Show 5 had all kinds of face options, but this one only lets you pick the backgrounds.  Yes you can have a photo or something from Facebook, a couple of ugly pictures and a single semi solid background, but that's it.  You should at the very least be able to have the time take up most of the screen to be able to see it at night or from across the room.  The show 5 has customization, why is it not part of the Show 8 as wellThe other one is an annoyance with every screen based Alexa device I have ever owned.  YOU CAN NOT DISABLE THE ""THINGS TO TRY"" TEXT.  Its in the middle of, or on the bottom of almost EVERY card that the device displays.  You can turn off everything else, but not that....  I want to have it rotate between time & weather...  THAT'S ALL.  If I need to find new things to try I will look it up myself....  This has annoyed me and A LOT of other people for a very long time.  Come on Amazon, lets have a way to turn this off.Overall I am happy, and hopeful that Amazon will listen and get us some updates real soon...  I'll update this if anything else happens."	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought the Echo Show 8 (1st gen) on sale recently. It's in my office and great for a variety of things: Nest Cam display, personal weather station display, playing background music, and asking for random facts I want to know something.However, the Home screen cycles and cannot be turned off! It's sitting within view and fades to black and back to the Home/Clock screen at seemingly random intervals. This is VERY distracting when I'm working at my computer. Yep, I know about all the suggested solutions, which include turning off all the stuff that it wants to cycle through (e.g. recipes, ""Try this with Alexa"" suggestions, etc). Setting Do Not Disturb mode seems to increase the interval between fade-out/fade-back. It doesn't matter: I still get the distracting fade-out/fade-in every so many minutes. Ten? Fifteen? I don't time it.Many, many reviewers across the 'Net have complained about the same thing, both to Amazon and the General Universe without any satisfaction or change. I think it's intentional by the Echo Show development team, to get You to look at the screen more often and ask Alexa to do something. But it's REALLY distracting when it's sitting on your desk and draws you out of the task you're in the middle of, breaking your concentration.In summary, I still find it useful enough. But not useful enough for a five star rating."	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	After about 3 months in I can honestly say Alexa please shut the +÷&%$ up.I'm a nerd and worked in IT for the majority of my life, when I say I have sworn less  at machines from 20 bucks to a quarter million or more its just a fact.I went all in to try this out, some echos, an alarm, plugs , lights, and a couple cams (blink).  Pulled out a 2.4 router and gave it its own network. While setup wasnt bad in general it was clunky with the 3rd parties but I kinda expected that. Needing to go through the site vs app on phone for plugins was a mild annoyance but ehh right. Its shiny and I just wanna try it! I expected to be pleasantly surprised with all the Alexa hype.What I did not expect, was the previously unknown reservoir of utter hate and disdain I could feel towards a friendly voice.  I could have sent it back but I want to take it out to a field and detonate it on camera. Seriously I truly loathe this chipper device with every fiber of my soul.Could it be time saving? Yes if it worked ALL the time.... and thats the issue. When it doesnt understand or goes the wrong way getting it to do what you wanted is more of a time sink than you ever saved. I wont even bother explaining how annoying it is when Alexa cant find the light but the software from the light company can on my phone since thats 3rd party and unfair.What is fair to critique is Alexas inability to truncate completely confirmations of actions it is already performing. Its like a dim toddler seeking aproval at mundane accomplishments. Yes alexa you are resuming the audiobook but if you could stop tellung me and jusy do it that would be great sweetie.Seriously, I stipped bothering to use it for one book because it had a title that was about 2 sentences and it was just killing me listening to a 10 second confirmation everytime i wanted to hear a few minutes.Second, for the love of god let me remove your dumb suggestions of what you think i might like off the botoom 25% of the screen. The screen is nice for what it is,  but if I wanted little billboards throughout my home I'd frame magazine ads, at least then I could chose.There are a ton of quirks, unfortunately changing the voice truly isn't an option. You can make it give celeb voice dialog thats predetermined but nope, there's no I want a guys voice, or an english accent or anything other than this boring housewife with 2.3 children needs to lose 10 pounds and is meeting Jon for drinks on the way home to the burbs voice... arrggg sorry went off the rails there.Speaking of off the rails a fun quirk is if she doesnt understand a command it will just pull the most random songs out of the ether. Now playing out of the ether by jimmy 2 shakes band from iowa radio209 etc.You can change it to repond to computer instead of alexa and my only thought was why the hell cant i program any name i want, like making an activation word or sequence would have made it mildly less painful. But just annother little thing....But thats the thing, its death by papercuts, there is nothing painstakingly deal breaking about it, its just a series of small compromises over and ober and eventually you're adjusting yourself to the machine  and thats insane. It's mediocre at getting things done universally.  Unerwartet kommt der erste FilmLong stry short the cam was great, and the plug with a voice for the xmas tree was usefulish. But we omly have like 3k sq feet and the switches have never made me swear exect when a bulb burt out.now playing burn out by ...... älexa stop, alexa stpp playing song, alexa ohh to hell with it pulled plug	2	March 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was so excited to get a Show for my kitchen! I watched the product video and loved that you could read the recipes off the screen while you were cooking. No more trying to wake up my phone and balancing it against the olive oil while hoping I didn't drip something on it!But when I brought up my Kindle-version cookbooks, Alexa would only read the book. You can't look at the pages at all. So unless you want to guess where your recipe is and don't mind having to shout 'Pause!' after every ingredient and direction, it's pretty much useless for any of your Kindle cookbooks. The only recipes you can read and swipe through are the ones suggested by Tasty, Food Network Kitchen, etc. And it's nice to see new recipes, but I want to make my own too! There is a work around by using another app to upload your recipes and then pull them up, but that seems ridiculous to have to type out all of my recipes that are already online into another app - and no, there is no copy and paste available to make it faster.Also, I was hoping to be able to access my Discovery Plus channel on the Show since you can access Prime Video and Netflix, but apparently Show does not support Discovery Plus. And if you opened your subscription through the Discovery Plus website, you can't transfer it to the Prime Channel.While the sound is great and there are nice other features, I was really disappointed that it doesn't do what I thought it could when I bought it. I think the advertisement for the Show is misleading, especially for us cooks who really wanted a recipe book and video player to keep us going in the kitchen!	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"This is my first, and probably last, Alexa device.  I never enabled it on my Fire tablets until I needed to setup the Echo Show.1.  The bass is so strong that I cannot understand Alexa (and most other speech) without hearing aids.  I can more or less get by by blocking the top speaker with a heavy book or by turning it upside down.  This absorbs most of the lower frequencies (and still sounds good for music). My parents have no hope of understanding it.2.  The Kasa smart plug requires its very own phone app to work.  Blink cameras also have their own app, but I got one for the Fire Tablet.  Then there's their servers to deal with - not as quick as Amazon's.3. The deal breaker:  After I bought two of these, I was notified of the new SIDEWALK feature which ""When enabled, Sidewalk uses a small portion of your Internet bandwidth to provide these services to you and your neighbors.""  The problem is that it is apparently enabled by Amazon by default but I cannot disable it because my cell phone is not compatible with the new Alexa App - it is a couple of years too old.  So now, unless I want to share an unknown ""small portion"" of my internet bandwith with my neighbors - and anyone else within range - I will need to return the Echo Shows or buy a new phone.  I chatted with support and there is no way to disable Sidewalk without the phone app.  As I said, this is the deal breaker for me.  I cannot control the device I bought from Amazon without third party devices and services.  What happened to the kindle or Fire Alexa app?  Shouldn't Amazon be supporting their own ecosystem?4.  Alexa is fun to play with, but not really useful.  I already have a list keeper, a calendar keeper, and alarm clock.  It reminds me of the early network days when everyone had a dumb terminal connected to the mainframe.  This is sort of a step back in functionality with the fun of voice control.Conclusion:  A fun toy but not worth allowing Amazon to allocate my internet bandwith and access.UPDATE:  On the suggestion of Amazon's support chat, I installed an android emulator (bluestacks) then installed the Alexa app and managed to disable Sidewalk.  I'm still not happy, but I'm willing to give it another shot - with the Echo Shows turned off at night - wearing their tin foil hats.."	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	They say nothing in the advertisement that you need to go get the app and that you need to have a membership in order to play specific songs and specific videos where the old 1st generation model that they came out with you could you say Alexa play Metallica master of puppets and the song would come up now up now they link you to a radio station station that has similar songs unless unless you have the application and you pay for a membership I could just play YouTube off of my phone to speaker Had I known that that was the situation because basically that's what I have to do now anyway go to YouTube	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Context: I'm very ""Alexified."" Two full-size Echos, a Dot, a 4K Firestick, and now a Show 8. Various household smart devices including lighting, smart plugs, and a thermostat. So, I'm technically knowledgeable and happy in the Alexa/Amazon universe. A friend has a Show 5, and I wanted a new device in my kitchen, to replace the Dot, which was connected to (i.e., plugged into) a better speaker. Along came the Show 8 (the friend told me he was going to replace his 5 with the 8). Reviews indicated that the sound was good (it is; at least as good as my previous wired speaker). I was concerned about the negative reviews about the clock and the ""Try . . "" notifications, but some reviews said you could change the options in Settings (and in case you want to know up front, those reviews are incorrect; you can't). So here goes with the rest of my review:Pro's:--Easy to set up, especially if you already have other Alexa devices.--Good sound for such a small device.--Functions just as well as my other Echo devices. Except -- this is a *video* device, and that's where it falls short.--Price and Delivery: I got this on the Black Friday sale (actually on Thanksgiving Day itself) for $50 off. Delivery was projected for Monday, but it was delivered in two days. Can't complain about any of that -- but, given the Con's I'm about to list, I wouldn't pay full price for it.Con's:--The clock. You can't alter the font or format. You can't opt for a full-screen clock. I realize for some people this is not an issue, but I'm nearsighted and wear glasses with progressive lenses. At the bottom and middle of my lenses (reading- and mid-distance) the clock numerals are out-of-focus from across the room. I wish you could set up a home screen with a large-numeral clock, but you can't.--Kitchen use, i.e., for me, mainly the timer. The countdown numerals appear when you start the timer, but then disappear as the screen rotates through its content. It would be nice to just look at the screen and see how much time is left, but you have to ask Alexa the question (just as I had to do with my Dot).--The ""Try this and that ..."" text across the bottom of the screen. You can't get rid of it. Yes, I read one review (which, at the moment Amazon is featuring as its ""Most Helpful""). This review says you can go into various sub-menus of Settings, and make it go away. I tried those suggestions. They don't work.So, I'd say, be warned, especially when the Show 8 goes back to full price. The Show 8 needs a software update that allows changes to the clock, the ""Try this..."" messages, and other functions.  It saves space on my kitchen counter, compared to my former Dot-plus-external speaker, but its potential advantages as a video device are either not realized or else compromised."	3	November 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Ok I’m not a highly knowledgeable person when it comes to tech, but I’m not a novice either. I actually bought the Show 8 and the Google Nest Hub at the same time because they were priced the same. I figured I would keep the better of the two. Nest arrived first so I set it up first. Setup was incredibly easy (I already have a nest mini), eventually easier than the Show. I also have a gmail account so that speeds up things on the Nest as well. I wasn’t keeping my photos on Google but it was pretty quick to add favorites in one folder and the Nest is now a digital photo frame. I have it on my nightstand because when you turn out the lights it really does go dark as well with a hint of the time showing - in full screen size. I am VERY sensitive to light at night and this doesn’t bother me at all. I also really like the “good morning” routine that you set up in the Nest better than the Show. It’s simple enough to ask and get info right before walking out the door.Once the Show arrived I did the setup thinking it would be easy as I have 3 dots and an Echo already. So yeah, setup went ok until you explore thinking ALL the reviews are wrong and you CAN turn off the “try this” feature. The answer is NO, you can’t. I have every part that should turn it off switched to off (even on the app). Constant “try this” on the screen. It’s ALWAYS there. And there is a list of what seems like a 100 “cards” so it never runs out. The software must’ve changed because all of the offered suggestions to turn it off aren’t accurate for what is currently possible. If you don’t care about that/wouldn’t bother you, then choose the unit that dominates your home or the website you use the most.So which is better? Meh, they’re about the same IMO. My sons and I usually have them compete with each other to see which one can answer a question accurately or with the best info. Lately there’s no clear winner on that, but Google is usually easier to understand. The Show does NOT go completely dark at night so I could never have it on my nightstand and the clock is never full screen so that’s annoying too. I have added a seasonal photo image on my amazon photo account using a computer so it’s decorative in the living room. I’m going to be installing a video doorbell myself soon and some interior cameras so I’ll update my review when those gadgets are added to compare use. Reviews I’ve read online say both units will work fine on both the doorbell and cameras so I’ll to do the installation to judge it.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I had certainly hoped for more, but I received less. This is my first Alexa device, and I’m not terribly impressed. Alexa doesn’t seem to be terribly smart, and when I need specific functionality or answers, the AI is frequently lost. I know there are lots and lots of people out there using Alexa devices and they must like them, but is this all there is?The sonic quality of the device is subpar, muddy and the bass rattles. Obviously, I tried to adjust it with sound settings, but I could never find a clear, crisp sound.It’s the age of the Internet, but apparently with an Echo and Alexa, you can’t use a browser easily. That makes perfect sense. [Facepalm]The tactile sensitivity of the touchscreen is, quite frankly, horrible. It seems to be expecting the rap of a ball peen hammer. A human finger is not quite up to the task.I thought maybe… Recipes? But of course, you have no control. Alexa will, or will not, give you what you might want.The whole thing is slightly dumb. I use it in my kitchen to have music while I cook, and occasionally I will try to play something from Prime or Netflix (that’s another story, apparently it’s super difficult to find things for Alexa. You know, like when you are completely specific about what you want to watch. “Alexa, play season one episode two of Bridgerton” and Alexa helpfully says “getting Schitt’s Creek from Netflix.“On the upside, I can ask what temperature it is in my area and generally get an accurate answer.	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I love the sound of the speaker. It gives excellent booming quality base as expected. I also love that I can request and see any of my blink cameras live on the screen at my voice command. I also set up a routine on the show and it seems to work fine.Things I don't love about my Echo Show 8: I had a speaker group set up on my old dot which went to two blue tooth speakers. Now when I say ""Play music on all speakers"" nothing comes out of the new Echo Show 8 (you know the one with the really good speakers) and the music will only go to the previous two dots I had connected originally. Even if I ask the ""Show"" only to play music (i.e. not on all speakers) it still only goes to the dots (with the crappy speakers) and won't play on the Show.Alexa can do so very many things and I use it all the time every day to work the lights and air conditioner and plugs all over my house. And I can both trigger a voice command to make my coffee every day and have set up routines to make my coffee on a timer. (BTW, I hate that I can't schedule individual days in routines. You can only do one day only, week days only, or weekends only. I work a shift that carries over from weekdays to weekends. I want to have it go off on any of 7 individual days even skipping a day if need be.)As far as answering most simple basic questions it is just not ready for practical every day uses. Yes I did voice recognition training with it. It is very cumbersome to work with to try and get information from the internet. Skills are great and are a good bridge for where the technology is right now, but it's still awkward to have to say, ""Alexa, Ask My Groceries to add milk to my grocery list"".Anyway, I'm not intending to beat up ""A-word"" too bad (you know why I wrote it this way). She does help me in so many good ways. I just wish Amazon programmers would listen more to their customers about the problems these devices are having. I've seen so many comments about things that could be better and all I hear from Amazon is......chirp.....chirp......chirp, nothing; and there have been no changes that seem to significantly make any significant improvement to the problems we're having with these things. ""How to remove the ""Try ""Alexa"", what's the weather in London?"" line at the bottom of the screen is another ....chirp....chirp, response.Thanks,LF"	3	August 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"What do you get when you combine a bare bones tablet with 75 mic's that can't hear you? The Echo Show.I've tried and tried and tried to like this thing. I've moved it so many times it should be given frequent traveler miles and no matter where I put it, it simply doesn't do anything but frustrate and annoy.I'm loud, clear and concise when I speak to it, yet every time, without failure, it ignores my commands and does whatever it wants to (usually nothing at all). For a device that's supposed to simplify life and make your home smarter, it does very little in that regard.We have routines set up which is supposed to be convenient groupings of commands so that all you need to do is say one command and the device will execute all of them. For example: my morning routine is automatically set up so when my alarm goes off, Alexa will tell me what time it is followed by music. The volume is at about 50%, it plays on shuffle music from my Prime music collection.I say ""Alexa, stop."" and she ignores me. The light bar appears on the screen, she does hear me say her name but never stops the music. I get louder. Nothing happens. This continues until I grab the device and yell into her to stop, then she complies. This is irritating and angering. This is not how I want to wake up each day.I've tried this in my kitchen. The sole reason I bought this initially was to be a helper in my kitchen for recipes and whatnot, but that failed me as well. She simply doesn't hear me. Ever. No matter where I place it, no matter whether or not I use commands or routines, the Show never hears me first, second or third go. For a device that claims to have a bunch of microphones, how is it that it never hears me?This device feels like a public beta. It hardly works and just infuriates the user.For more perspective; we have several echos around the house. I wouldn't have so many but both my wife and I own a few each and when we got married, they too blended into the family.All in all, we have 6 devices. 1 show, 1 first generation echo, 4 dots. The first gen Echo is just as bad as this Show 8, which I had hoped and stupidly thought would be a significant improvement since it's not a first generation Show.It is not.I only assumed it was significantly improved.I was very wrong.The original Echo has always been terrible for the same reasons, it cannot hear me. I'm not a quiet person, however when I speak I do so with clarity because I'm not an idiot. I don't just sit there and scream into the void hoping my voice is heard.These devices all have one major flaw in common from my use over the years, the microphones simply fail to hear you no matter the volume of your voice, the distance at which you speak or the commands you give.The tablet functions are severely limited and don't provide much help either. The mic's hardly work and it only serves to get your heart rate up with frustration. I'm done. I will no longer bother to try and I refuse to buy any additional echo devices. These are mostly trash and don't do anything to assist in making my home smarter or my life easier.It's been a little over a year since i bought this and couldn't be more dissatisfied with it. If i could return it, I would. It offers nothing to our home and is so limited in its abilities that it's pointless to have. There are other devices available out there, go get one of those. We will be.I've tried and tried to like this thing, but because of the never ending issues it's impossible to. Amazon, be customer friendly and take this thing back and replace it with one that actually works, please. Microphones that actually hear me and perform the commands given. So simple, right?Commands like  ""Alexa, stop."" And ""Alexa, turn off the screen."" ""Alexa, shut up!"" Should all yield results but don't.If the device has voice recognition and so many mic's you'd think it would be easy to understand me."	1	April 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Everything is good but I can no longer tolerate the temp and weather report being off all summer, every summer. No way to change weather provider so stuck with Accuweather which pulls from a weather station four miles closer to the beach.	3	September 5, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Like most other reviewers, I don't like the so-called helpful screens and messages that Amazon thinks I should receive - even after repeatedly going through my settings to minimize them.  But the biggest problem I have is that this unit, along with my other two Echo Shows and my four Echo Dots all lost the ability to announce when my Ring Doorbell senses motion right after the huge AWS outage on December 7th.  Despite repeated attempts to repair this problem, nothing seems to work like it did flawlessly for almost two years prior to the outage.  I can tells Alexa to ""Show me the front door"" on the three Echo Shows and it works fine, but not the other way around.  The push-button operation of the doorbell works every time on this Echo Show and the Ring Chime Pro, but still fails to communicate with the dots.  And Amazon seems to be pushing the Ring Doorbell 3 as a possible improvement for motion sensing.  Seems somewhat curious timing for this improved version to me!  I need the motion sense alerts when I'm out in my shop.  I've already missed several package deliveries this holiday season.  Terribly frustrating since everything was OK before the outage!!!  Has anyone else experienced similar problems???  I recently purchased a Ring Alarm system, but have not put it into service for fears that it would just make things worse with the Ring-Alexa interface..."	3	December 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"This Christmas I decided to replace my original Echo in the Living Room, which was getting rather hard to hear, with something new. I have an Alexa Dot in each bedroom that I truly enjoy and find useful. This Echo Show on the other hand was the biggest waste of money I spent this Christmas. Half the time she either doesn't hear me or doesn't bother to answer.  As I increase my own volume, the Dot in the bedroom tries to repond to about half of my requests. IF the Show can be bother to respond, she will pull up the wrong book or playlist or song or definition, etc... She doesn't seem to bother listening to your ENTIRE request. She's like a teenager.... She will take one word out of context and give me a laundry list of all the things she can do. ""Do you want to try one?"" No, thanks. Would you like to try this one? I said No. Well, what about this one? NO! I ask her to play one of my playlists from Amazon Music Unlimited. She will SAY she's retrieving it and then she goes to sleep or maybe she's  too busy texting her girlfriends to be bothered with me. I don't know. The Dot will say I'm having trouble connecting (or playing that,) etc. Miss Show can't be bother to say when she has a problem, she simply shrugs and ignores the request, leaving you to figure it out. I call from the kitchen to the living room (open floor plan) to have her put things on my shopping list and a Dot in one of the bedrooms fulfills the request, while Echo Show sits there. I know it's connected properly because I do get her to play music or read a book occasionally. When she feels like it I guess. And I know it's not bad internet reception because I can get up from the living room, go to the bedroon and have the Dot read to me or play music for me all day without a problem. I don't know what the issue is, but I'd say the Show is all flash and no substance. Or maybe it's just a piece of ... garbage. Plays a lovely slideshiow of pictures, but sadly it doesn't even work as an expensive electronic picture frame, since I can't have her show MY pictures. My advice is, buy a Dot or two."	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Good evice except for the screen quality. For years I noticed a number of lines in the display but I thought they were a clever way of showing it was raining outside, as it looked like water running down a window. Turns out it was just a damaged display and the adhesive that connects the display tothe device glass was defective. It turns out this was a common problem, but I was just to lazy to look into before my return period expired. Other than, it has been just fine.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought this without a whole lot of expectations but even then, Amazon has managed to disappoint me. The Echo Show 8 has some nice features. I like that when I ask for information, it speaks and gives me something to read. It integrates with Prime Video very nicely. The Alexa portion performs pretty much like the Echo Dots - which is to say fairly well. That's about it for the good stuff.Now for the negative stuff... Configurability is limited. Setting a single image as wallpaper is impossible unless you want to upload a single photo to Amazon Photos... and that's just nuts. I should be able to set the wallpaper to whatever I want and even choose the colors I would like for the interface. But wait! There's more!! One of the most annoying aspects of the Echo Show is it's tenacity for showing suggestions. Everywhere you turn in this thing, Amazon is giving you suggestions. The right side fly-out, which handles the standard Alexa navigation, is given about a third of the screen. The rest is devoted to ""Discover Alexa"". It's irritating because with limited real estate, you'd think they would use the space for something more useful. Moving on to the Home screen, things get even more irritating. On the Show 8, the time is relegated to the left bottom corner of the screen, leaving the rest blank. Why isn't it full screen or at least configurable? No idea. The screen information rotates to show weather, recipes, news and more. They allow you to turn things off, which is nice but it's pretty much an all or nothing prospect if you don't want to see annoying suggestions. Every screen (except for the screen with the time and weather) contains a suggestion (for instance the weather forecast screen shows things like  ""Try ""Alexa, what's the weather?"""" which is super useful while you are looking at the weather.) and some of the suggestions feel downright invasive. Every so often I get a screen with two suggestions Alexa for Your Day ""cards"". The most recent had one ""Open Beat the Intro"" and the other was ""Tell me a story"" while others have been for music, recipes among other things. I don't need that or want it but there is no way to stop it short of taking a hammer to the thing. Worse still, a few days ago, I started getting full screen ads (f***ing ads!!!) for ""Men in Kilts"". Now, nothing against the show (I know nothing about it) but WTaF? Why is this ok? I don't need their ads in my home, turning my digital assistant into a small billboard sign!! At least not if they aren't going to pay me. I paid full price for the device and there was NO disclosure about having to look at flippin' ads.I am seriously reconsidering my relationship with Amazon. They have begun taking advantage of me as well as acting like I'm an idiot. Why they seem to think I need all these suggestions shoved in my face is beyond me. It feels like a single button option to view suggestions would cover that or even better, just let me decide if I want them and give me the ability to turn them off. Amazon could learn a few things about the layout on the Google Nest, which seems to utilize the screen space much better (admittedly I've only seen a few examples of it so it may be just as bad as the Echo Show).  This device could have been awesome. Instead, it's merely adequate and frankly, a bit ugly in my opinion.You have been warned."	2	July 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this item on sale because I read some of the reviews and it sounded like a solid buy for a travel entertainment system.  First. Let me say I would buy this again, but it cannot achieve better than 3 stars as-is.  If there are future firmware updates that allow for better functionality, then I will revisit this review.Pros:1. Very gooD HD display.  Any of the shows I’ve watched have been crystal clear.  Same for the menu interfaces.2. Touchscreen is responsive and works well with very few sluggishness.3.  The sound is incredibly good compared to any of the Echo products that came before it.  In fact, I would compare the quality to Bose products.  It’s not as good as Bose, but it approaches it and it’s noticeable.  The bass reproduction is great!  Explains the weight of the product.4.  Simple to use.  Minimal buttons and gadgets without sacrificing user interface.  The touchscreen helps a lot in that regard.  The manual slide switch to cover the camera lens is a good example; simple and 100% effective.5.  The home screen is fully configurable.6.  Aesthetics allow it to fit into almost any decor without standing out.Cons:1. This is the other edge of the sword for sound quality: it’s weighty for its size.  I wouldn’t hog it for any portion of a star for this, however, because the trade-off is worth it.  Just worth mentioning if you’re going to use it as a portable entertainment center.2.  Without a separate stand, the viewing angle is fixed.3.  Here is the biggie and what cost this otherwise fantastic product one and a half stars: lack of app functionality.  The only video apps with which it interfaces are Prime Video (of course), Hulu, and YouTube (va FireFox).  The big streamer apps (NetFlix, HBO Max, STARZ, etc.) are absent and cannot be downloaded.  Further, while you can get to Google and FireFox browsers, going to the site and logging in doesn’t help.  Always prompts to download the app.  I don’t know if this is a limitation of the hardware and resident OS, streaming rights or competitor issues...or a combination of all.  I am inclined to believe it isn’t hardware or software related.  Fix this, and the rating is a solid 4.5.4.  Lack of a travel case makes this product vulnerable to damage when traveling.  It’s a small ask and one that wouldn’t impact the price point more than 5%.	3	August 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Honestly I want to love it but compared to my Alexa dot it doesn't seem to hear me-understand me and outright ignores my question.  It's in the same  spot the dot was, but I find myself going to when the dot is to ask the same question and have no issue.  Changing back from the alternate choice of voice made it just a little more cooperative, but even the speakers sound a bit more crackly than the dot.  Maybe I just got a dud.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I purchased this for two reasons: a convenient way to display recipes that didn't require my phone being out, and streaming movies for when I'm in the kitchen for hours at a time.I rely heavily on streaming during the holiday seasons while I bake to fulfill orders, and while the video quality was good, and the sound was AMAZING, the rest of the device was too troublesome to be worth it.Example: Open amazon video, and it gives you 4 categories to go through, or your library. I go to my library (severe lag every single time) and I find the movie I want. I hit play, severe lag again, and it plays. Quality is not bad at all, especially for the price, but heaven forbid you have to pause. Once you pause for ~2-3 minutes, it goes to a screen saver. And when you unlock it, you have to go through the process of finding the movie all over again. It's a pain in the butt. They could at least have a ""continue watching..."" at the beginning of the prime menu, but it doesn't.Secondly, our household has 3 users on our hulu account--if there was a way to switch users through the Echo, I didn't see it. I googled it, thinking I was overlooking it, and nothing. We all have very different tastes for shows/movies, and never use each others accounts for this reason. To have not one, but two streaming services being out of the question/too inconvenient to use, I couldn't handle it.The integration was wonky at best. I have an echo dot that resides on a window sill about 3 feet from where I had my echo. My echo was off for voice recognition, but when I'd talk to my dot, it would display on my echo. This was cool except for two things: 1. It did it intermittently. 1 out of 3 times it would mirror to the echo. 2. if you were streaming something when the echo mirrored what the dot was telling you, guess what, YOU HAVE TO FIND THE MOVIE AGAIN. It was a nightmare.Maybe down the road they'll figure out a more user friendly programming for this, but until then I'm returning it. It was meant to be a gift for family, but if I, an electronic savvy 30-something, can't figure it out, I wouldn't be comfortable giving it to my grandparents, which was the end goal."	3	November 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"If you don't mind having a tiny billboard in your home, you will love an echo show. Imagine if, when you sat your phone down, instead of shutting off, it started running ads...but it's an upright device in your home that you can't not see. This is a very useful device and it functions well - you can set it to display photos when not in active use - but you cannot turn off the ""suggestions"" entirely. It took a lot of digging to find where Amazon customer support admits that these ads cannot be turned off. Last year they started running ads for IMDB; this year it was Blue Apron and then, just recently, something from Apple. They sell ad space on these devices and call them ""suggestions."" Had I known that, I wouldn't have bought this - and if it continues I will sell the device. We had planned to add a whole laundry list of smart devices to it. So, Amazon immediately lost at least a couple thousand dollars in sales to us by running ads.  If you consider your home a personal private space, where a company shouldn't be able to forcibly run ads, you won't be happy with an echo show."	3	February 19, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"After purchasing to Echo Show5s last year, we opted to buy several more this year. Unfortunately, I had not used the previous ones (one was my mothers and one my sons) and knowing what i know now, I'm n ot sure I'd have gone this route again. We have 2 Show 8s and 4 Show 5s at this point. I can recall reading reviews and seeing that people were angry about the ""discoveries"" and Alexa tips that roll through the device -it seemed like they were really making a big deal out of nothing. but after using them more frequently myself....they are SUPREMELY annoying. I had intended to utilize photos as the background, thinking that even if the discoveries and tips ran across the bottom, it would be fine. But that's not how to works. I've set the background to photos that cycle through, but after each photo the top/discovery screen comes back. It feels cheap and tacky as a result, its almost like having constant commericials...and looks cheap and tacky too. I had expected to have soemthing similar to a digital photo frame when the device was at rest, and that does not work and I hate it. I cant believe there isn't a way to change that.Additionally, when you have several of these, you can't really set ""profiles"", so everybody's ""recent activities"" shows up on every device, which, again...supremely annoying. In each room of the house, it suggests that we watch/listen to the things my toddler watched and while it doesn't impact life, it's irritating.Photos are another issue. If you link this to Amazon photos in order to utilize pictures as a background, everybody will have access to all of your photos just by saying ""show me my photos"". You CAN make folders of photos and set the individual Shows to use one folder or another, but there is no way to disable access to ALL photos.It's really unfortunate that they have not offered a solution to the ""tops and discoveries"". It's terrible. And it really unfortunate that they have no offered a way to create a user profile or something for each deviceON the positive note, the speakers are good. But given the issues above, I think if I were to do it again, I'd buy a different device."	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	One day it just stopped working correctly. Now I sometimes get the alarm to turn off, she’s not responding when she’s spoken to & randomly gives me answers to questions I did not ask. Too late to replace it & not sure if it’s worth buying another.	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Lo deje desconectado un mes por que salí de viaje y al regresar y conectarlo otra vez no funcionó mas 😢😢	3	September 3, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	In the beginning, I wanted to get rid of my alarm clock radio and echo in favor of a combined unit, but in the end I had to unplug and throw my SHOW in the corner for constantly displaying suggestions for things I not only do NOT want, but HATE, such as displaying the latest SPORTS headline and video without my ever having asked for ANYTHING SPORTS RELATED, in fact, there was no way to turn off such suggestions no matter what I tried, and TRY ASKING ALEXA FOR WEATHER, TRY ASKING ALEXA FOR SUCH AND SUCH, JUST NO! I didn't want my video display to display that CRAP, just be a damn CLOCK and do the things I actually ASK FOR!  And other reviews that mention SHOW's inability to hear your commands without actually having to raise your voice? Absolutely true, SHOW can't hear for sh. I wound up plugging my digital clock back in and re-installing the ECHO I had before...  NO PROBLEM.  So yeah, SHOW disappointing.	2	October 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I have two Echo devices and one Show 8.  I use ""Alexa"" as the wake word for one on the Echo devices and ""Echo"" as the wake word for the other Echo device.  For the Show 8 I used ""Amazon"" as the wake word.  The Show 8 thought nearly everything being said in the home was talking to it, even when the wake word was not used.  I changed the Show 8 wake word to ""Computer"" and it is not as bad now, but I really don't like using the wake word ""Computer"" as that word is used a lot at my place when referring to laptop computers, etc.  More wake words are needed, or better yet, the ability to create custom wake words using one or more words / names.Also, when I play music through the Show 8, for some crazy reason the sound sometimes comes out of the speaker that is Bluetooth connected to one of my Echo devices, and I have never connected that speaker via Bluetooth to the Show 8.  And, when it does that, the sound only comes out of that speaker connected to the Echo device and it is in a different room.Finally, even in night mode, with the screen black and just displaying the time late at night, the black background still projects too much light in the room so I turn the Show 8 off at night.I have had some Internet issues since I added the Show 8, but I still have not figured out if it is the Show 8 that is causing the problems or not.  That does not seem likely, but I don't know for sure yet.  Timing is right for that to be the case, but I don't know.  I do know that I sometimes have trouble getting Show 8 to play music in all devices, my ""Everywhere"" group, at one time.  Sometimes it will only play on one device even though the Show 8 acknowledged my request to play it in the ""Everywhere"" group that I created.Overall I think it's a quality made product, I like the ability to make, and receive, video calls, and the sound quality is good as well.  I also like being able to see visual items (name of song, artists, thumbs up and down) when playing Pandora music, or asking for a device (lights) to be turned on or off, etc."	3	July 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The screen doesn't always respond to touch which can be fustrating when trying to enter passwords for video viewing accounts. I have 3 other echo shows through out the house that all respond well to voice and touch. This is the only one giving us an issue	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Small changes could make this product so much better, and one big one could make it the must-have device of the decade. My extended family has a mix of iPhone and Android devices and was looking for an easy video calling option. It is ok for one to one calling, but otherwise does not work for us. Most problems could be addressed by software updates.Positives:Video quality on calls is good, even in somewhat dim indoor lighting.Sound quality is also good on a call, certainly better than your phone's speaker.Once contacts are setup, placing a call is easy.Negatives:You can't manually add a contact on the Echo Show device itself. You have to do so on the Alexa app on your phone, which defeats the purpose of getting one for your non-techy relative who is uncomfortable using a phone app. If they have to use the Alexa app on their phone, you might as well standardize your family on Zoom, Whatsapp, or another service.You can't just setup an ""account"" with an email address--you need a cell phone number--so it isn't viable as a smart phone alternative. I know there are workarounds, but none of them seem viable to pull off remotely. Amazon has an opportunity to create an ""echosystem"" for its customers, but it  hasn't done so yet. Here's what they need to do:  Amazon Prime members should be able to create profiles for all members in the household, each of which can have an Echo account. You should then be able to add any Prime member as a contact, whether or not they have a smart phone. Non-Prime users can already be added with a smart phone number.Three way calling isn't a current feature. Amazon has announced this as a feature to be added, but the fact that you can't have a video conference with other Echo Show devices is a major dealbreaker. Really, Amazon, you couldn't get video conferencing on this by now?The above can be done with a software update, but the last two problems are hardware related.First, there is no internal battery, so you can't unplug this while you're on a call. Even an hour battery life would be good. Heck, 10 minutes would be sufficient to let you move around a bit during a call.The viewing and camera angles are fixed at an upward angle. It is designed to be placed on a table or desk with the user sitting in a chair.  If you want to have a call between your child and grandma, it is quite difficult with this device. This could be mostly fixed with an adjustable stand. There is one available, but it doesn't let you adjust the angle nearly enough--the camera can't point down at all, just level with the surface the Echo is sitting on.This was a gift, so I'm keeping it. But I wouldn't buy one right now knowing all its faults. The few software updates above would be enough to put me over the top, and the hardware features I mentioned would make this a really solid product.  I realize that creating the ""echosystem"" that I'm talking about is a lot more complicated than it seems, but this is what's needed to make the Echo Show a must-have.  While I'm dreaming, why not take the next step and add social networking features, which are sort of already there with photo-sharing? Since Prime is a membership fee based ecosystem, this could be a service where the user isn't the product."	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"All I wanted was to have a video doorbell and a display that would show when someone was at the door. So I bought a Ring Video Doorbell 3 and an Echo Show 8.Setup was more of a pain than I'd expected. I had to log into Amazon and Ring accounts multiple times to make this work, and enter passwords for both as well as for my Wi-Fi. I realize that I must enter at least the Wi-Fi and Amazon passwords once, but It seems to me Amazon could make this a lot easier. Why do I have to have both accounts? And why does Amazon insist on having so much of my personal information? I'm not happy about that at all.Now that I have both devices working and connected, I find that there are several things the Echo Show does that I'm disappointed with.-- you have to load the Alexa app on your phone to set this up and configure it. I really don't want the Alexa app on my phone; that's why I have the Echo Show.-- while you can turn off most of the alerts and notifications on the Echo Show if you want, you can't get rid of the ""try this"" on Alexa messages. They're tiresome.-- instructions for configuration on the support pages here aren't always clear and easy to follow. If you're looking for how to change certain display features, you have to sort through a lot of stuff that isn't what you're looking for.-- you have the choice of  various slide shows to display when the machine is idle. You can choose your own pictures, or nature shots, or travel photos, etc. But you can't choose more than one.All in all, it's an okay device, but it's flexibility and usability could be much improved.Edit: my original review said that the Echo Show 8 won't display day and date on the home screen. Just minutes after my review was posted, my Echo Show 8 got an update, and now it suddenly does display day and date!  Now, about 5 minutes later, it has reverted to time/temp only. So I don't know whether this has been fixed or not."	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have an alexa show 5 and wanted to get another alexa for my nursery. I have been eyeing up the show 8 because of all the great reviews i seen on the product since the release i.e better in speed, voice recognition, apps and features etc. . . .I dont know why i listened to the hype, because it is just an alex show 5 with a bit larger screen. I didnt necessarily need a larger screen. I thought it would be faster, would have better voice recognition, and i was wrong. If im trying to use my 8, my 5 in another room picks up my request before this one does 5 ft away from me.I paid the same for both so i guess ill keep it. I just wish i didnt wait longer than i needed to get a mediocre product while under the impression it would have made a difference.	3	May 2, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I really enjoyed having this device and used it everyday to check time, weather, drop in to other devices, timer/alarm, get the news and browse recipes. 14 days after the 1 year warranty expired, my device monitor went black - no sound, no light and won’t factory reset. It was plugged into one spot for the entire year and within 20 ft of my wifi router. To trouble shoot, I tried plugging it in at other outlets. I’ve left it unplugged for 5-10 minutes and overnight. I checked if the power cord is snug which it was. I’ve had no power outages recently, no storms, my wifi signal is strong and and all my other 4 devices function normally. The problem is specific to this device.  3 stars for it’s timely death 14 days after warranty ended. Very disappointed in this Amazon product.	3	May 21, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	After all I've read about how Amazon records everything the owners of these things say for use in improving Alexa's ability to respond to requests/commands, I have to say Amazon has a long ways to go. Ask a simple compound question? Forget it. Other common things that could be quickly looked up on Google? Good luck. Maybe yes, maybe no. Nevertheless, I get enough enjoyment out of these things to have purchased an Echo Show-Second Gen, two Echo Show 5s, and this Echo Show 8. I have to say that the Show 5s put out pretty good sound for their size. But the Echo Show 8 puts out sound much like my full-sized Echo Show Second Gen, which is very good. Good enough to use outdoors for a patio party. BUT WAIT. OUTDOORS? The other day, I was using my Echo Show 8 outdoors, and the sun was shining. It was a pretty cool November Pacific Northwest day, and the sun, at its seasonal low angle, was shining on it. After several minutes, I went indoors briefly, and upon my return outdoors, the Echo Show 8 was quiet. The screen displayed some faint icon that sort of looked like a thermometer. (Find that in the instructions.) I unplugged the device and plugged it back in, and when it fired back up, I got no response and just that mysterious little icon in the middle of the screen that looked like a thermometer. Guessing that meant the display was too warm (from the sunshine), I took it back inside, waited several minutes, and then repowered/reconnected the speaker. It began working just fine, but naturally, Alexa didn't tell me what had gone wrong. Subsequently, I took the Echo Show 8 back outside, plugged it in, and kept it in the shade. No more problems. I could write an article about this thing - a lot of it good, and some about its  nd other Amazon Echo product quirks and shortcomings. But I don't get paid for that, so just let me say that for $65 bucks, this thing is worth it. Just don't pay full price and/or expect unlimited versatility. And you might be happy. I am. Pretty much. Keep working on it, Amazon.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this hoping to set it low and talk to my dogs when I’m away for long periods. It never lets me drop in. I thought it would be like a kindle and it is nothing like that at all. It is not user friendly at all. Alexa never listens and plays random stuff. If I ask it to turn on a specific show it tells me it can’t play certain songs. When it is playing a show and I tell it to pause or stop it doesn’t. I have to just unplug it. It has become quite useless. I would NOT recommend this to anyone, EVER. It’s just an expensive paperweight.	3	June 20, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Likes to stop video frequently when watching. Rather than buffering, it just stops. Stops showing recipes when i am in the middle of preparing it.Other than that it works as expected.	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I wasn't really expecting to be blown away by this item, and I'm really not. It does give you that futuristic feeling like your in the movie Aliens and Sigourney Weaver is calling you, getting you out of a sound sleep to make sure you're not bringing them back to study!! ha. First thing that came to mind when I used the Camera. Which is a nice feature, though 1MP, that's a little strange. Though it's pretty clear. But a little ""invasive"" with the drop in feature, which can be adjusted. The screen is VERY touch sensitive, which is good if you use it, and that's actually, rarely. Since the voice recognition is excellent.I find myself mostly using my voice most, since that's really what it's designed for. Alexa is integrated MUCH better and she it super responsive, compared to the old models. Almost overly so. The screen isn't really that bright which is good, and it's not a strain on the eyes. However I don't picture myself watching much on Amazon Prime Video on this device. For that it's really for the ""Kitchen"" area for people who spend time in their cooking, eating, or sitting working on something at the table. Then i can picture it being like a small TV in the background like from the 80's, when people use to keep up on their Soap Operas.My biggest disappointment overall it the sound, louder isn't always ""better"". The lack of high end just really doesn't cut it for me when I'm listening to music on it. It seems to have good panning, but the bass (on this model) is just to overwhelming in my opinion. Even when Alexa speaks it's very very low end, even boomy. But for the price, it's a very cool gadget. The wireless works perfect, and the range is incredible. Probably the best I've seen on anything, no interruptions, pausing, stuttering, or anything like that. So if you're in the market for a ""New Alexa"" this one is the right price, and I definitely recommend it over the others. Even next to your bed you may want to watch a short episode of your favorite sitcom or something. But whole movies? Not so much. So I like it, and it's very innovative. I see why they don't stay on the shelves in stores. A solid 3.5......btw AMAZON this is YOUR product, can you let us reviewers have ""half"" a star for pity sake? ha....ENJOY!!!"	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Was excited to get it then not so much. Won’t do my photos as wallpaper at first and videos or music had to talk to customer service that was interesting.  Got hung up with them in the Chat when I asked why my photos don’t work. Next morning it did. In mean time new one was sent  Thought I would check that one out to see if mine really was bad. That one was worse. Put my old one back on and still waiting for photos to appear as my wallpaper at least it is no longer a black screen. Sent all night with 4 different people each time I asked and told them my photos were not working they tried or hung up. What ?!?!  Followed all they said including rebooting my modem and router twice.  Won’t connect to my lights either. That seems to be the only glitches so far but not happy with their service people nor with product good thing only paid $55 for this thing. May be sending back both instead of the one.	3	February 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"After using the 2 Echo Dots I just received I was really hoping for an enhanced experience with the Show 8. Set up was fine. But, from the jump the Show just had trouble hearing. I have tried all of the wake words and the only one that even comes close to working is ""computer"". I used different words for each device, the same for all and various combos of two of one and one for the other. I even tried it with the Dots unplugged. The Echo Dots hear me from anywhere in my place and do not fight over which one is going to carry out the request. The Show misses its wake word at least 35 percent of the time no matter the distance and then its a fight to get it to understand what I want. Also, when I aske the Echos for the weather they sometimes make sure to tell me the city. However even though they are all set to my exact location in all three areas of the software and device settings, they give me the weather for the main city in the area not for my city which is still in the top seven for Ohio. The temp and conditions many times vary a lot between the two cities even with an only 11 mile difference. Main city is right up against Lake Erie at a lower elevation.  Accuweather, Weather Bug, Weather.com and everyone else know the difference between the two. However the Alexa software which I am told uses Accuweather can't seem to shake the problem. Customer service was no help, just told me to try a skill. I can get the correct weather. I just need the weather that is displayed on the home screen of the Show to be correct and not embarrassingly wrong. If I didn't get it for only 70 dollars with a 24 dollar smart plug it would be going back today. But no Echo Dots are available for at least a month. Then I will wind up paying more than I did on prime day without the additional freebies. Maybe they will update the software sooner then I expect."	3	October 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I would recommend a HARD PASS for now.  The Echo Show technology is completely underwhelming.  Half the time Alexa does not understand the request.  Sure, the Show can turn on a light, but so can the Echo - I've got an Echo in every room (as well as multiple plugs) but thought I'd give the Show a try.  One of the reasons I wanted the Show was so that I could see my kitchen timer(s).  Well, you can see the timer on the screen for about 8 seconds before it disappears and you have to ask to 'display timer' again.  REPEATEDLY!  There's no way to keep it on the screen.  Seriously?!  When I'm timing my french press, I have to keep asking to display the timer.  If you're not playing music, it will display a tiny timer in the top right corner of the home screen, but that often displays incorrectly.  (It displays on top of itself when the image changes on the home screen so that two timers are layered on each other, slightly askew making it useless.)  The image display is also 99% uncustomizable.  I've selected the Scenery setting.  If you don't like an image and forward to the next one, it holds that for a few seconds and then stops on the next one for 10 minutes or longer.  It somehow always cycles back to the images you swiped through.  It clearly doesn't learn preferences.  The clock randomly switches display locations from a small one in the upper-left to a larger one in the lower-left.  How about Amazon's own music service?  You'd think it would integrate nicely with this, but no.  When Alexa doesn't understand what song or album you're asking for *after multiple attempts*, there's no way to type in a search for what you want.  Additionally, the controls disappear unless you tap the screen.  If you prefer to use the touch screen to *tap* back a track or some other command (rather than speaking the request), you have to tap the screen twice and the Show VERY sluggishly responds -- there's nothing quick about this unit.  Once it displayed my connected Ecobee t-stat, but ever since that one time, it has no idea what I'm asking for.  I've attempted every conceivable spoken command to view my thermostat.  At least the various Echo units will tell you the thermostat temp.  I haven't tried it to facetime friends that have an Echo Show, but most people have phones for doing this so it's more of a novelty.  The Show is constantly making recommendations on the home screen of things I should try, but yet for the majority of requests Alexa responds, ""I'm not quite sure how to help you with that."" Overall, there are very few aspects of the interface that you can control and customize.  It's almost entirely subject to the random and non-intuitive programming of the designers.Amazon's technology is breaking no new ground -- nothing innovative here!  For a company with such deep pockets, I'm always surprised at how awful their tech can be.  They recently updated the firetv interface.  It's now one of the worst interfaces I've ever had the displeasure of using!  To get to your 'saved shows', you now need to tap a total of ten times.  Free-to-me, Store, Channels, and Categories are some of the things you have to tap through to get to 'My Stuff'.  Shouldn't My Stuff be rated more highly than Categories?!  Again, frustrating!  That will be my next review."	1	May 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"If you want to use the Echo Show 8 as a speaker for your TV or computer, you have to connect by Bluetooth. There's no line in. If you connect a computer by Bluetooth, then EVERY SINGLE TIME YOUR COMPUTER RECONNECTS AFTER A FEW MINUTES OF SILENCE, Alexa will shout NOW PLAYING FROM ACER ASPIRE L83i-9-3H61 or whatever. It takes so long for her to say the name of the computer that you can't even hear the notification sound or the first several seconds of whatever is playing on the PC. If you say ""Alexa, mute,"" the volume will only go down UNTIL THE NEXT TIME IT HAPPENS. It happens at all hours if my computer makes any sound (I have my PC set up to let me receive texts, and occasionally other apps make a noise for some reason). It startles the *#$) out of me every time it happens. Bonus: Alexa can't say ""Acer"" properly so she yells NOW PLAYING AUDIO FROM ASSER 39J-89H7T regularly, including when I'm on Zoom with the mic on, and my coworkers react to it like I'm watching something inappropriate. Fortunately it hasn't happened in front of kids or parents.I specifically wanted to use the Echo Show for my computer's sound because my monitor has a terrible-sounding, quiet speaker in it and there's no remote. My desk is tiny so everything has to have multiple functions. I need to be able to see the Ring doorbell camera from the Echo Show so I don't want to just use a different speaker instead. I watch or listen to media from a distance pretty often, and again there's no remote on my monitor, so it's nice to be able to control the volume by voice, especially if it's late and something loud comes on. But the Alexa ""now playing"" voice is SO LOUD and so jarring that the experience is unpleasant and it's loud enough to wake up other people who live here anyway. Hundreds of people have complained about it on Amazon's forums (and feedback form) but it's still happening. What was Amazon thinking?Also, one of the only reasons I got more than one Echo in the first place was that I have ADHD and the timers and reminders are really helpful for me. I just say ""set a timer for x minutes"" and it helps me remember things and be on time to work. But there are SERIOUS issues with how timers, alarms and reminders work, especially if you have multiple users in the house. You can't set an alarm or timer to go off on all or multiple devices (?!!??!?!??!?!?!?!??!). How on earth am I supposed to know where I'm going to be when the alarm goes off? If you set a timer in the kitchen and then get distracted on the way back from the bathroom, say, you obviously can't hear the timer go off. It's like they've never even used any of the stuff they make. You can't name alarms. The repeat options aren't flexible. The snooze and dismiss options aren't flexible and you can turn them off in your sleep anyway. All you have to say is ""Alexa cancel."" You can cancel other people's alarms too. You can set *reminders* for all devices, and you can name them, and you can repeat them (even multiple times a day which is great), but you can only pick either ONE device or ALL devices, including your phone. 🙄 You can't pick all the devices except your roommate's bedroom, for instance. You can't pick all except your phone. It's ridiculous.If you don't have any Alexa devices yet, you can look at most of the options in the app because the app makes your phone or tablet function somewhat like an Echo device.All of these complaints are after the disappointment of realizing it doesn't do most of the stuff I wanted it to do. This is me being mad that it doesn't even do the stuff it's designed to do."	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn’t respond well to commands.  Specifically when commanded to stop talking or to stop playing music. I have to unplug it to stop music playing through Apple Music app.	3	August 7, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	It’s cool for some things but it has a lot of bugs. Sometimes Alexa won’t respond to what you say even tho it’s reading what you say. Also if you combine these with the blink camera while reason I got it there is a huge delay 20-40 seconds. But on the blink app on my phone the delay is only 2-5 seconds.	3	July 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	It’s good for many things and I know that I have more to learn. The one thing I really wanted this for was to view my Ring doorbell. I thought I had read that it was supported, but apparently I don’t have the  compatible doorbell. I’m disappointed and wish there was a way to make them work together.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Not very user friendly.  It has good sound quality though.  When you pause a video, the screen reverts back to a screen saver too quickly.  Might be a setting that I haven't found yet.  Overall it's not terrible, but I hope the newer models are better	3	July 20, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Updated: No zoom (and no Google Meets etc) makes this a very limited device for video calls. Most of my family and friends use zoom these days. Disappointing that all these big companies (Amazon and Google) won’t place nicely with each other, it’s all to the detriment of us the consumer and user.- - - - - - - - - -Original Review:My mom got these for us so we could easily chat with her and together with the whole family during this crazy time. I have *very* mixed feelings about this device.Pros:-The sound is actually really surprisingly good. My kids have started using it as the go to living room speaker.-Video chat is easy and good quality between other Echo Show devicesCons:-Spotify integration is horrible. You cant cast/play Spotify from multiple accounts to one device. So when different members of my family want to play their music to this Echo they literally can’t. Amazon is only allowing one Spotify account to be registered with each Alexa/Amazon account for each individual Echo device. (This issue is not present with competing speakers and video devices)-The “Tap” feature is very under developed. You really have to voice command every thing you want every single time. I understand that’s the main gimmick with these smart assistants, but sometimes it’s just nice to be able to turn on a playlist with a couple taps like on your phone or tablet instead of shouting to Alexa “Alexa! Play my relaxing evening tunes playlist on Spotify” (and of course it has to be *my* Spotify playlist, not my wife’s or one of my kids etc etc).-No full screen clock. Perplexing as it’s apparently an option on the Echo Show 5.Here’s to hoping they decide to play nicer with Spotify, add a full screen clock, and allow more tap integration for those who need the accessibility option or just don’t always want to have an awkward conversation with a robot every single time.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	sound output seems less than my Echo Show 5, and Alexa requests repeats more often.	3	August 24, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have 3 dots - 2nd gen, the new 3rd gen with the clock, 2 showcase 5’s bought in 7/19 & 12/19 and just purchased 1 showcase 8.Last 5/29/20, I moved.  Where I moved from I had to use Charter and all my then Echo devices and my Alexa App had worked ok - through 5/28/20.  In my new Apt, they are wired for AT & T exclusively which I only purchase internet services from.  I use Roku Expresses and stream all my tv showed, series, movies, Amazon Prime ) since I’ve been a prime member for years), etc.On 5/29/20, 1 of my Showcase 5’s won’t power on or work in any way ( even though the day before it was working just like it had from the 1st day it was setup).  I hadn’t even had it a year yet!Then I’ve not been able to change the location in Alexa to update what is currently located in new areas in my new Apt.  I can’t “pair” all my devices via the Alexa app. On the 1 Showcase 5, I can’t pull down on the screen to access settings, etc. and now in the lower left corner I’m getting a symbol that is a circle with a fist and the index finger which Alexa says to tap to get to Alexa....BUT nothing happens.  So now I can’t get to that units settings using the device physically OR using the Alexa App.  I’ve not been able to do anything with my brand new Showcase 8 except get the time and temp to show on the main screen, Alexa is controlling!  It’s my belief that the page showing is not what I tried to get setup.  I choose beautiful nature screens, I’ve tried everyway possible to get the day & date added to my home page. Currently Alexa is displaying all types of statements, instructions regarding nothing related to what I’m trying to do.  She’s talking a bunch and I have to tell her to quit talking or telling me the time every minute, on the minute.I don’t know how to access the so-called by Amazon, fantastic many tutorials within the Alexa App ( has been updated since I first started with 1 2nd gen dot), so I’ve fallen off the scale as to knowing, learning and doing anything now with my entire Echo Devices and with Alexa, whom I’ve grown to hate.  She consistently tells me shoe either doesn’t understand my request or she doesn’t know how to do it.  At bedtime I ask her to play “spa” music or “yoga” music and 1/2 the times she starts with loud heavy metal type music.  I have to tell her to stop the music and she’ll start trying to sell music from stations I’ve never heard of.  When I tell her to stop, she ignores my command and continues to keep talking on things I can even understand what she’s saying or continues to proceed trying to sell me something.  I’ve been pushed by her so much that I’ve told her to SHUT-UP!!!!  Which she doesn’t understand.  She has aggravated so much that I’m so upset I can’t go to sleep for several hours.  For 30+ years, I’ve used a sound machine ( usually of the ocean) to fall asleep by.  She’s ruined that and now I’m totally tensed up when I go to bed and ask her to play new age zen-like music.  I can’t count on her to play ocean sounds, bubbling creek, rain, etc.  I don’t understand her but she’ll play good nature sounds for one or two nights, then she switches to the sounds from a different source, which I abhor.	1	April 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"the software for coupling with my blink cameras was glitched, and nonoperable. it works as a new age voice enabled tv, streaming. but there are a ton of bugs in the alexa platform.  also i had hoped for games. theres zero touch games but a bunch of voice games. like quizes etc.  dissapointed when i bout a fire tablet, dissapointed with the ""echo show.""but my daughter does pretty reliably watch spongebob on it, and it will answer me generally, so its ok."	3	June 21, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	2 years and there are now lines going through the screen pretty upsetting. My show 5 didn't do this but this one has and I'm not spending that kind of money every two years	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Screen display is great. Voice recognition at times don't seem to understand.	3	August 21, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	For the most part, everything works as it should. But there are two huge negatives that I’ve found which takes off two stars for me:1. It is pretty awful at voice recognition. I almost always have to say things 2-3 times before it hears me at all or correctly.2. The whole purpose of this is the screen. For me, I love seeing lyrics and will sing along at times. However, after asking to show lyrics, this will randomly choose to go to the Home Screen in the middle of songs. It is super frustrating and yes I’ve tried every troubleshooting advice I’ve found and nothing has fixed it.Finally, and this is more of an Alexa as a whole issue, but the fact that when a song is over you can’t say “repeat song” is insane. It just says “there is nothing to repeat”.	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"When I got this it was cool.  I could play some music.  It has a good speaker.  If I could find music I liked that would be great.  I even paid the 3.99 for extra music...and still limited selection. I just canceled that 3.99 subscription. It's a great timer, though.  ""Alexa, time me 3 minutes.""  It works fine for that.  To me, that's about it.  I could have just gotten the dot for that. Expensive timer.  Usually, I turn off the microphone due to worries on privacy issues. If I do want to use it I have to go turn on the mike.Great sound.  Limited selection on music.  It can display my pictures but does a horrible job on it.  I added at least 50 pictures to it and it displayed maybe 20. Once, I saw it sit on the same picture for at least 4 minutes. So, it is is not even a good picture display device.  When it does display pictures, it throws in ads and other crap in the middle of the display.  Often, it quits displaying my pictures and goes to news or ads.  I just want to see pictures.  I could not get the allrecipes.com to work with this like it says I can do. I then read allrecipes working with this was hit or miss.  It does alert me to packages being delivered...SOMETIMES. I hate that it alerts me to packages I send to someone the same way it alerts me to my own packages being delivered to me.  It makes me get up and go look at the door.  Often, it dings me on a package hours after it was delivered.It has sat for 2 weeks now without us even interacting with it.  It just takes up valuable counter space.  I also hate the constant upselling it does. It's time to go back to Amazon.  I'm not using it.  Good idea...but not a great execution."	2	January 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this product so we could view activity on our outdoor blink camera but it is impossible to do even after it was advertised to do so!	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Maybe my hopes were too high but I researched this for quite awhile before purchasing.  It never occurred to me with modern technology to see if it could play music while displaying a recipe.  It cannot if you’re wondering.  As if that wasn’t bad enough the Alexa enabled options limit you to like 3 for anything you may want to cook.  So I open the browser hoping to at least reach a point where I can tolerate it.  Nope.  It’s so slow to load every single time you scroll down I gave up.  It wasn’t my internet.  It’s this device.  I thought my needs were simple.  Something I can have in the kitchen to play music and display a recipe at the same time.  Something I can display a crochet pattern on and easily see but it would take so long to load each pattern page I could make a full sized blanket in the time it takes to load each page.  I could not get this back in the box fast enough.  I really didn’t want to buy a tablet for two main things so simple but it seems that’s where we are.  I didn’t even have the time to be annoyed by the try thing at the bottom.  Get a regular echo and a digital photo frame.  This isn’t even a glorified version of either.	1	October 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I can't display the time on FULL screen.	3	August 23, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	My daughter brought me the Echo 8 for Xmas to stay connected by phone and sight. Note I am a young 70 yrs.I've only talked to 2 people on it cause it doesn't connect to most people's phones.After trying it, I wish it could be personalized More by completing a Profile of my likes and desires and things important to me and have echo show play only those things. Echo Show  is geared for the general population and I don't have the same interests as them.as a Vegetarian I don't want to see meat recipes or here rock music cause I listen to jazz, 1970's R& B and Afrobeat radio, although I have connected my Pandora music to it. I have also connected my phone contacts  and my photos. My main use is to listen to music, or the Rachel Maddow podcast in the morning or an occasional yoga class that is to strenuous for my age. I check out Reuters news in the morning and set reminders. That's about all I use it for. Plus it doesn't have an on and off button,  so I cover it at nite or unplug it cause I don't like the light. It also doesn't allow you to choose the photos it downloads so I don't have any of my great grand kids on display.Rumor has it that it can be a listening device for other unsavory types, so I don't put Any Private or Financial stuff on it.Until they can personalize the AI to meet your needs I would wait to buy, unless your the techie type who needs the latest gadget. each year. It has potential but its not there yet.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I got my Echo Show 8 as a gift.  It replaced Alexa in my kitchen, allowing me to move the Alexa audio to the Living Room.  Not sure I need it there as I have a Fire streaming box.I like the ability to see my pictures from Amazon Prime cloud storage.  I would like the ability to change the time display interval.  The time interval in settings does not affect this.  The settings is for ""slide shows"".  Not sure what Echo Show slide shows are.I like the ability to see Netflix and Prime shows.  But only in a pinch.  Screen size and location are not conducive to long time viewing in my opinion.I like to ability to turn off most video messages from Alexa.  And I have turned most of them off.  Annoying.  I hate that I can not turn off the extremely annoying Alexa Try .....  messages across the bottom of the screen.  Despite what some reviewers say these can not be turned off.  I have even written to Jeff Bezos about this at jeff@amazon.com.  I did get a meaningless reply.  Amazon should pay attention to their customers about this issue.  I gave the Echo Show 8 minus one star because of this.The screen orientation of the Echo Shows is fixed. To change the viewing angle you must prop it up with something.  Amazon sells a stand for the Echo Show 8 for $25.  Wow, $25 for a piece of plastic?  Minus one star even because this is part of the Echo Show environment.My complaints are not a deal breaker, but they do point out that Amazon is not always your friend."	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	First off, let me state that I've used Alexa mostly for audio/sound, so I found the idea of something with a screen interesting.  At best, this seems to be more of a novelty type item, perhaps if I wanted to cycle my pictures through on the screen I might enjoy it more.I'm pretty invested in the Alexa/Amazon ecosystem as I own several Echo devices (Std Echo, Dot, Echo Input, fire TV's and Echo Show).  For the money I paid ($65 on sale), I would probably purchase one these again because the sound is decent (my reason for 3 stars), I would be unhappy if I'd paid full price.As Alexa has evolved, she absolutely seems to get slower and dumber all the time.  I used mine for turning lights on/off, music, and some other automation.  Very little of it seems to work as well as when I purchased my first one.  I have also noticed lately several of my devices seem to reboot, not do what I ask, etc., overall I think Alexa overall is very buggy.One of the things I thought would be great with this, is asking to see my front door camera.  Well, if I had time to wait for the second coming of Jesus while it thinks about bringing up my camera after being asked a couple of times, it'd be great.  Otherwise I could walk to my front door and back a couple of times and look myself while I wait on it.If you already have one or more Echo devices, and you can get this on sale, I'd consider it.  Otherwise maybe go for a Google Home device or just forget it until they make some actual improvements.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	En la descripcion del producto deberia indicar si es de primera o segunda generacion, en este caso no indica esta informacion en ninguna parte de la publicacion.	3	July 28, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased the new echo show 8 for Christmas for me. Set it up no problem at first until I discovered that it would not receive calls like the older model Echo show. The problem is I cannot get the echo 8 show to VALIDATE THE EMERGENCY ADDRESS in the Alexa App.  So I used the chat option with Amazon to chat with a technical representative.  In the span of nearly 2 hours I chatted with 3 techs, the third of which was the absolute worst. He kept texting me to update my software, I kept texting him the software was up to date, he replied your problem will be fixed if you update.  So to sum up this nightmare I got very upset and terminated the chat. With the third tech I could have found the needle in the Pacific Ocean. Between the 3 techs I unplugged the unit waited 30 seconds 6 times, deactivated unit, changed address, reset the modem no solution. Day 2 called Amazon support the female i spoke with was very helpful but the issue is still unresolved.  I was informed one possible issue causing the problem is that USPS has my address listed as a vacant lot therefore my address cannot be validated. I've lived here for 20 years and the older echo is validate and so are my echo dots. So I called the USPS and the person I spoke with told be it could take a week to find and correct the problem if my address is listed as vacant.  So i googled to see if I was the only customer having this problem, the answer is NO. To sum up this review, the echo show 8 appears to work as advertised with the 1 exception will not VALIDATE THE EMERGENCY ADDRESS.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This Alexa is OK. It’s not any better than the smaller versions that came before it.  Actually I’m a little annoyed that you cannot make the clock face any larger than just having it in the corner of the screen.  Why have a massive screen and a tiny corner clock?  Weird. (I know their goal was to have you use it to stream videos and things but most of us don’t use it for that).  I bought it so my elderly mother could see the clock but it doesn’t stay big.  It goes back to the corner.  Annoying.  Also stop programming them with tons of “Amazon notifications” such as “try this” features.  I guarantee 98% of people DO NOT WANT THAT STUFF.  I turn them off and next day they’re all magically back on! Very, super annoying. This is supposed to be MY Alexa, not Amazon’s alexa.  Also the amount of cardboard used to pack and ship this is CRAZY.  You could reduce it by half EASILY.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"IMHO, the Echo Show 5 (FIVE) is the best all-around Echo device you can buy. It is my bedside alarm clock, and so much more. Amazon hit it out of the park with the FIVE, and I couldn't be happier.But this review isn't about the FIVE. It's about the Echo Show 8 (EIGHT), and in this case, Amazon clearly struck out.The EIGHT should have been a larger version of the FIVE. Doing so would have made up for the one area where the FIVE is somewhat lacking--sound quality. But no, Amazon decided to go off in a different direction with the EIGHT, and in doing so, made a mess of what could have been an amazing device.Is the EIGHT a good clock? No. Most of the time, the clock is shoved into the upper left-hand corner of the screen, using about 10% of the available screen space. You absolutely cannot read the time unless you are less than two feet away from the device. When the device is in night mode, the clock is shoved into the lower left-hand corner of the screen, and is about twice as large, which means you can be about four feet from the device to read the time. As a clock, the EIGHT is a complete failure.Does the EIGHT play videos? Yes; however, I have a TV, a laptop, and an iPad. If I want to watch a video, I'm going to use one of those devices.Does the EIGHT play music? Yes, and the sound is almost as good the original Echo (almost), which I still have and still use. It displays track information while playing. In some cases, it also displays lyrics. If that's important to you, it's a plus. You can also connect this to external speakers through a patch cord or Bluetooth, but if you do that, the value of the EIGHT is diminished.Is the EIGHT a digital frame? Well, it could be. It tries to be. The picture is beautiful, to be sure. It's nice to see rolling images, either stock or your own, in beautiful high-resolution color. Unfortunately, the view is interrupted by the clock in the upper right-hand corner (not a big deal) and the ever-present ""try this"" at the bottom. BTW, are digital frames even a thing anymore?I read the reviews before purchasing this, so I knew what I was getting into. But it was stupid cheap, and I couldn't pass it up at the holiday deal price, so what the heck.All things considered, the EIGHT could be great...it just isn't. Amazon blew it. It is my least favorite device and, quite frankly, not worth the price, even on sale.I'm not going to return it for two reasons. First, I knew what I was getting when I bought it, so I can't say I'm disappointed. My expectations were already low. Second, Amazon has a way if improving their devices, and the EIGHT is still relatively new in the line-up. I have expectations that Amazon will hear consumer feedback and make changes to the EIGHT that make it more like the FIVE, which is what it should have been in the first place.If you haven't purchased an EIGHT yet, don't. Get the FIVE instead. You will be far happier, especially if you want the device as a clock."	2	December 23, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Really like the Echo Show for the most part, but it definitely needs some tweaks. The main reason I got the show which I upgraded from my 2nd gen Echo Dot was to integrate my Ring video doorbell together. What I wanted was if someone rang the doorbell the Show would automatically pull it up. Well I found out later after buying it that's just not possible. You actually can do that with the Google Nest Hub, seriously Amazon? Get on that! You guys own Ring now, it should have been done long ago. I am able to give it a command, but I'd like it to be automated.The other thing I wanted to do was to use it as a big clock. Looking through the options, you just can't do that. After doing some research online, figured out it can't be done at all (and a lot more people wanted it too). Pretty surprising to me, that's not an option. What I want is the option to set the background to a still image, have a big Clock Face and nothing else on there. Right now I set it so the display is off outside of when I'm using it. Disappointing Amazon again.I had a tissue box right next to it and found it to pick me up worse then my Echo Dots. Talking with a friend I gave it some space and it's def improved (but still not always 100%).If they could add the 2 above features that'd move it to a 5/5 from me. Right now it's a solid 4/5.Update: Changed my review to a 3/5 and ended up trading it in for a new Gen 4 Echo Dot. The mics on it just sucked and you had to repeat yourself 3 times to get it to pick it up. The other features I wanted never came to be. So for now it's back to the dots.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We loved this when it worked. But we were surprised when it just stopped hearing Alexa commands one day. We thought we had offended Alexa. She was just giving us the silent treatment, but she’d come around soon enough. Not so. Alexa became more and more distant. Now I have to go find a new device because Alexa has left me and my family in our greatest time of need. My kid can’t ask it math questions anymore. How am I supposed to set a 10 minute timer? Use my phone and manually tap Clock —> Timer like a sap? Why, Alexa, why?	2	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Update:  It has become even more intrusive!  I want to see photos of friends and family.  In the space of five displays of my photos, it gave me three photos and two for the following, either showing a product I bought on amazon that was delivered (Yesterday) or suggestions ""show me nearby barbershops"" for example.  These take the place of the photos.  This is a disincentive to buy products on Amazon.  Why should I have to look at them over and over?  It's also not that reliable as a speaker, though I'm still using it.  Maybe there's a way to kill these two features, but since they started on their own, without me choosing them, why should I have to spend my time trying to figure out if I can disable them.  Downgraded the number of stars.  Finally, the time and temp are small in the corner sometimes and then big sometimes meaning they cover a good portion of the photos.  The big text never covers their stupid suggestion screens/screens showing me products I've bought.  Just the photos.  What genius comes up with these ideas?I wanted to display photos.  It does that, but the ""say Alexa. . ."" messages keep appearing and there's apparently no way to get rid of them.  I got rid of plenty of other junk, like alarming headlines and sports announcements, but still no way to stop this distracting screen clutter when I want to see my photos.  Spent a lot of time trying to get rid of this and now believe the many folks saying it can't be done.  Why????I wanted to add my own recipes so I could read them in the kitchen.  Can't do that.  You can use a subscription recipe service that will give you lots of recipes you don't want or you can give your recipes to said service (they then own them), then search for them in all the clutter.  No thanks.  Or it will read aloud kindle cookbooks, but won't show the recipes written on the screen.  Who cooks with verbal instructions alone???I wanted to use it as a speaker.  It's okay for that and paired easily enough with my mac.  Not a superior speaker, but ok for watching movies on streaming, or hearing too quiet youtube videos.There is other functionality, but I don't want to spend hours trying to figure it out and then find out it won't work.  I also don't like giving my voice recordings to Amazon automatically.  I'd rather have to opt in than erase them after the fact.No battery, so it can't be unplugged, limited to where you can put it.  Not sure it deserves the prime real estate next to my computer, but for now I'll keep an open mind and hope it grows on me.  If it does, I'll change the rating.I had great hopes for this, but so far it just has a bunch of stuff I'll never use and the useful things I could use don't exist or are flawed.  Right now it's mainly a clock/speaker/photo display with pop up messages.  Lots of people have asked to have these features added or changed, but Amazon doesn't seem interested.If you want a smart home system this may be useful.  Otherwise, there are probably better options.  For people who use Windows, they are used to devices with lots of bloatware they don't need.  I'm keeping it for now in the hopes that Amazon will make some upgrades of these things many people appear to want."	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like that it’s larger than the echo sho 5 ! I have a 5 on my nightstand . The 8 also has much better sound n a lot louder . There’s more to do also like HULU . I love the aquarium screensaver skill . It could b so relating except the bad part is no sound with that screen saver ! That would really b nice !! Of course with the option for sound or no sound. Still it be nice if there’s a bit more to these . I’d love to get my messages and even emails . Definitely Facebook messenger … n text messages would be very nice as well !!!	3	May 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"(As of 12-25-2019)  I just received and installed the Echo Show 8 several days ago. It soon upgraded itself to the latest software. I had read many Show reviews, including complaints about the constant ""Things to Try"" notices on the screen. Also read a couple reviews that claimed to instruct how to turn this ""feature"" off.So, after getting the Show 8 going, there were the never-ending things to try on the screen. So I tried the steps others had earlier listed. NONE work now at this time.  Over several hours I tried everything, no joy.So I got Amazon Help online and started the Chat (with ""Tech""). After 10-15 minutes of delay and ""Thanks for waiting"" and ""Let me check on that"", etc., the expert said the actual tech folks said that at present there is NO WAY to turn that off. But they would surely take my ""suggestion"" into account for future upgrades. UNBELIEVABLE!If this will not irritate you, the Show 8 is otherwise a very powerful tech addition to your Echo house (I have 9 other Echo devices at home).IF they do allow the ""Things to Try"" feature to be removed in the future I will update this...1/1/20 Indeed if you turn on ""Do Not Disturb"" it will no longer display the maddening ""Things to Try"", although if the device is doing something for you TTT will activate during that time. Device is slow to shift gears but after a few seconds it will return to the screen with only the clock and a moon icon. If you have personal pictures as a background, they WILL continue under DND.  Now a great device, lol...UPDATE: OK, you can now do away with ""Things to Try"". However, over time I found another flaw. The Show 8 does not understand me as it should.At times I have to repeat commands, at times it spouts garbage from the web instead of responding to a command. My main Echo has no such problem, and I use the same commands and tone of voice. Frustrating..."	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	breaking in and out while she is speaking or some podcast is running..I love the clarity of the screen and the variety of options to help me organize my life and keep me on track while also giving me room for laughter and education.  it really is a wonderful product for a reasonable price.... She just cuts in and out sometimes.....	3	June 24, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Can't connect to ring doorbell	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Great Assistant except all the notifications across the bottom.  STOP!	3	August 7, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought the Echo Show 8 as a Christmas gift for my wife, who wanted to use it in the kitchen. She was a bit heartbroken over the the ""things to try"" scrolling non-stop across the screen, we were going to return the unit. However, Amazon must have gotten many complaints because they reduced  the ""things to try"" down quite a bit - But is still a device that I own and I should have control over the content.Mounting:Our kitchen is tiny, so the only option was to mount it below a cabinet. Note that there is no provision to mount it this way. I had to make a mount that curled down and around the back to the bottom. There is a metal plate on the bottom of the Echo Show 8 and it can be secured with a large magnet.. which is what I did. Because we are tight on counter space, I made the mount on a rail that allows the whole unit to be slid back under the cabinet to get it out of the way (you can see this in the pictures I included.)  If we had a bit more room we would have just set it on the counter or picked up one of the many mounts available.The good:The screen is bright, clear and adapts nicely to changes in ambient light. The clock is useful. You can load your own pics so it rotates through them, making a nice picture frame (my wife loves this.) When you ask for the weather it gives a nice display of the hourly temps/forecast, or a weeks overview, depending on what you ask for (see pic.) The speaker is adequate. Alexa does all the things available on Dot or other device: runs routines, turns lights on and off, has the Guard feature, etc.  The Echo Show 8 is useful for viewing security cameras, we have some Wyze cameras and we can just ask ""Alexa, show me the entrance"" and in a few seconds, its on the screen (see pic.) When you play music, the Echo 8 displays the lyrics. If you set a countdown timer while cooking, it remains on the screen. If you set two timers, it shows the one that is going to go off first, then shows the second: my wife loves this for cooking (she used to have to keep asking Alexa ""how much time is left on the timer?"" as she tried to coordinate multiple items being readied. You can watch movies on the Echo Show 8 as well, probably not the best screen for viewing, but it does work.To be frank, the Echo 8 earns its keep just on the above features.The ""could be better"":When looking up recipes, the Echo 8 displays them one at a time. It is exactly like an Echo Dot, except there is a picture - the screen could be utilized to show multiple possibilities and cut the browsing time down tenfold. There is no provision to enter and save your own recipes, my wife still gets out her Ipad and uses that.  Amazon says there are thousands of skills, but the majority of them are at best, kinda lame (having the Gordon Ramsey skill make rude comments about food was funny for about 15 seconds.) Like the recipe function, very few of the skills are optimized to work with a screen in a helpful way... this is an area that really disappointed us. I was expecting something that could work more like a tablet in capabilities.We have multiple Alexa Dots throughout the house, and their capabilities have grown tremendously over the past two years. Many of the capabilities were unexpected and very useful, such as Guard and geofencing, both of which we now use daily.  I suspect, and hope, that the Echo Show 8 evolves in the same way. And I hope Amazon gets rid of the ""things to try,"" which keeps this review at 1 star"	1	December 22, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Too many Ads!  Good integration with Alexa devices.	3	August 7, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	First I do like the speakers.  I play spotify and sounds great.  Fills the room, however - lots of issues.  Having to ask 2 or 3 times to play.  Currently it just finished a playlist, but now it will not play anything else.  Had to restart the device.  Not the first time either.  My girlfriend has one - so we drop in on each other.  A number of times we cannot hear each other.  YES the mute button is not enabled.  We can see each other, but not hear.  Yet our devices can talk to us.  Restart.  Have had many video calls with it disconnected.  Sounds like a network issue - right?  NOPE!  Network is fine.  Restarted device - hey!  It works fine.  My other complaint is tech support itself.  What a major pain in the butt to get someone to work with.  Chatting is fine, but it's like finding a needle in a haystack to get to the chat support.  Clearly they want us to not contact them.I do have it connected to my amazon photos.  That is nice.  i had to disable all the ads and bs that Amazon sends out.  So that was nice that I can disable it all.  Which they had a feature to change clock faces, so I could pick a smaller face.Finally, the drop in feature needs work.  Dropping in is fine, but it would be nice if Alexa asked if I wanted to accept the call.  Instead it is blurred for a few seconds if my camera is on.  But the mic is on right away.All in all, it is a 3.  I expect 5 out of Amazon, not 3s.  They have work to do.	3	July 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	After some research of the device, I decided to purchase both the echo show 5 and echo show 8. Yes, the echo 5 screen is the size of your smartphone,  but I expected that. I ultimately purchased 2 so that I can connect with my mother who is in a nursing home and due to COVID19 we are unable to visit her. I love all the things you can do on these devices... make calls, video chat, listen to music,  watch videos,  etc. I mainly purchased for the drop in capabilities. To my surprise this is where I'm having the most issues.When you give one of your contacts permission to drop in on your devices, they should have the option on which device they want to drop in to. Unfortunately that is not the case. It will only let your contacts drop in on only 1 of your devices. I found that in order for one of your contacts to drop in on your other device, you would need to disconnect one device or have one device available while the other is in-use/busy. The sole purpose of my purchasing these devices was so that I can have one at home and one at the nursing home for my mother so my siblings and I can drop in on her to keep in contact.I'm still trying to figure out if there is a way around this. But after spending 3 hrs talking to Amazon reps and not getting anything resolved, imma try my luck with researching the error on YouTube or returning one of the devices since I can just use the Alexa app to drop in on the echo 8 in my mothers room.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	La pantalla está negra solo aparece la franja azul cuando le pido algo. El no molestar está desactivado.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this to replace my Echo Show 5 because I thought it would have a bigger clock screen. I have trouble seeing the time without my glasses at night and I thought the 8 inch screen would help, but sadly the clock settings of the Echo Show 5 are not present in the Echo Show 8 and the clock displays in a smallish font about the same as the full screen clock of the Echo Show 5 at the bottom corner rather than being able to choose a different clock style and display full screen.  I can't recommend it for people looking to have a larger clock so they can see without putting on glasses at night.Update: 9/7/2022 - Still meh on this.  In fact I'm getting fed up.  As with my original Echo Show 5, I use this as my bedside clock and alarm and the alarm is driving me absolutely insane.  It started going off again immediately after hitting Stop or Snooze.  I deleted all alarms over the holiday weekend so I wouldn't be woken up on Labor Day.  Confirmed all alarms deleted in the app and on the device.  No alarm listed in the top right corner when I went to be Sunday night.  Monday morning at 6:20 my alarm starts going off on my one day to sleep in for the week. Again, I checked that all alarms were still wiped out of the app and the device and sure enough, there were none set, YET IT WENT OFF!!  I've set a repeating alarm for each individual day now rather than a single repeating alarm for M-F.  The last two mornings, it's gone off at the regular time and as soon as I hit Snooze or Stop, it goes off again IMMEDIATELY at full volume. Currently, I have a Nest Hub on order to replace this.  I'm tired of it and this device will be sold at a garage sale most likely unless Amazon can fix the issue soon.	2	December 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Because I have a Fire 10 and now this echo 8 I had to change the name from Alexa to Echo.  If I turn off Alexa on the fire 10 it also shut of voice recognition on the echo 8.Sound is off the charts and one of the best things but navigation on touch screen is much harder."	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa works better on my echo dot show doesn't respond half of the time	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Started out well, we liked the look found this machine useful; but four months later our two Echo Show 8's have received an update that has ruined the machine's aesthetic, and consequently their functionality, for us.Prior to the update when sports or weather updates appeared on the display they would be superimposed over the background photos; now when updates appear the background changes to a powder blue color replacing the photo background.  To get rid of the powder blue background appearing we turned off all notifications - we can get the information on demand from our telephones when needed.  Not sure if this change came about out of a desire to simply show some sort of progress for the sake of showing progress, or was the result of a focus group, or was because someone at Amazon liked the new look.  Regardless, this change and work-around have caused the Echo Show 8 to have considerably less value for us.Furthermore, now the display's clock information frequently appears in an annoying extra large font in the bottom left corner of the screen at roughly 20% of the display.  Prior to the update, the clock information resided unobtrusively in the upper left corner of the display.Have not found any way to change these new ""features"".  Not sure if there was anything in the update that added functionality or improved performance but from our perspective this machine has become a disappointment.  Well, at least it still plays music.We will be exploring competitive options this weekend."	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don't like how difficult it is to navigate to some of the things you'd like to watch that you have to rely on Alexa to do it for you. I like to sometimes do things on my own. There's no way to put things on a home screen so that you can just get to the home screen and click on what you want to watch kind of like your fire TV or your computer or your phone which is kind of a bummer. I was kind of hoping for more from the echo show than what I got as far as that was concerned. However I do like the sound and the fact that I can get to calm.com in particular in order to get to my meditations, sleep music and stories, and other things I use my call map for. But it's not easy to get to programming that you want to watch.	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I waited and saved money for an Echo Show to pair with my Echo Dot.I am not impressed.The voice recognition is the biggest flaw. I have to yell so loud at it, that people can hear me OUTSIDE of my house! I'm also an avid podcast listener and its Apple Podcast skill ABSOLUTELY sucks!! It's so many things awry with this skill that I cannot even list them all here (Google them - you'll find plenty of complaints) - just know that it is more of an annoyance to try to use the Echo devices with Apple Podcasts than anything.Another tier of annoyance is when I am trying to follow a recipe or read song lyrics - and the monitor times out and reverts back to the home screen.Another is with setting just one personal pic as my home/screen screen/saver (this could be user error - but if so, Echo Show is certainly not intuitive on how to remedy).Lastly, and this is for Alexa devices in general, not just the Show or Dot, but Alexa needs to step up its game in understanding requests and providing info. I can't count the BASIC things I've asked Alexa, who responds with ""I don't know that"" - only to turn around and ask the same of Siri and/or Google and get qualified responses.Bottom line:I could have saved my time and money and skipped this whole Echo Show.I will admit that it has awesome sound (definitely a plus) - but other than that, it's not much worth it to me."	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"This was a gift.  Depends on what you want from it.  I don't like having to memorize the ""key"" word in order for me to see ""stream"", or distinction between ""video"" and streaming.  I had to look on amazon site and figure out what ""skills"" were. My impression is that this is NOT an intuitive device.  However, if you are into that then it will work fine.  I would prefer a menu already within the choices to guide me easily to what function I would like to play.  The other item of having people call and be seen on the device is not optimal in that I have to ask them to download the amazon app.  Maybe I don't understand how all the parts work and there is a simple explanation, BUT do i really have or want to take the time vs working with something more intuitive.If you want to watch Netflix or Hulu - it can do that but so can a ipad or portable device. Not sure of what niche this has compared to tablet except you have to learn what ""skills"" or vocab will trigger the response you want. If you don't already own a tablet it might be a choice.  If you are thinking it is a gift for an older adult who isn't comfortable with electronic devices, this may not be a good fit.  They may learn 1 - 2 functions and not every utilitze anything else.  If that is all they want, then ok but a tablet might work easier."	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Interface needs many upgrades. Have trouble going to home screen with voice or screen. Audible doesn't work properly.  I have trouble accessing different audio books and when pausing a book it just drops out of the app a few seconds later. Playing movies is troublesome getting it to stop or start or return to home screen. I would wait for the next generation before a purchase. I figured they would've worked the bugs out since a smaller version was out for awhile	2	October 12, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I ordered an echo show in October 2020 as a Christmas present for a friend.  Because of COVID I could not give it to my friend until March.  We plugged in the show, it didn't work.  Tried different outlets, my house, her house, it didn't work.  I packed up the show, along with the power adapter that came with it and returned it.I received my replacement show promptly but no power adapter.  I contacted amazon and was told that I should not have returned the power adaptor.  what!!! it came in the box; I am not sure if it was the show or power adapter that didn’t work.  The rep told me, through chat, to order a new power adapter and they would issue me a refund.I received the new adapter and surprise; the adapter wouldn’t plug into the replacement show.  I tried the adapter with another echo device and it worked.  When I looked at the replacement show the prong where the adapter pugs into the show is all the way over to the side (see picture) preventing the adaptor from plugging into the show.  I went to MY ORDERS  on Amazon’s website and tried to return the replacement and I received this message “This item requires special attention, contact us for further assistance with this return, contact customer service.”So I did.  I explained that I was told to contact Customer Service when I tried to return the replacement.  After three reps and repeating my story  many times about why the new show didn’t work, I asked if I could send a picture to show that the adapter’s prong was in the wrong position to plug it into the show.  I was given an email address to send in the pictures.However, while writing the email I checked my past orders for the exact date I ordered the original show.  The record of the original order indicates that the original show return was not returned. I checked the USPS tracking number from the return and it does not show that it has been delivered even though it has been well over a week.  That may be the reason I had to call customer service before I could return the replacement.  But, if that is the case, why didn’t customer service tell me that the return was not received and I should try again after the return was received and that I could determine if it was received by checking  MY Orders on their website.  Anyway, I have decided to wait a few days to see if the original return is received and then try to return the item through the website.Regardless,  neither the original or replacement show worked and had to be returned, plus the confusion over the power adapter is inexcusable.P.S, I have echo devices in each room in my house (I use as an intercom), three TV firesticks, as well as multiple Alexa compatible devices, i.e. wall plugs, lightbulbs, doorbell, etc.  Never had a problem.  Never had a problem with customer service, they have always gone out of their way to rectify any problems.  Very disappointed this time.	1	April 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The larger screen is great for an older person like me.The camera angle is a little high and not adjustable...so when you remote view (drop in) on the Show, you get the ceiling so its not good for monitoring a room unless you plan on sitting the device on the floor. So the camera was made for video chat more than it was for the purpose I needed it for.The screen contents that others have mentioned in other posts is a little annoying. I do wish I could contribute my own content, my own news feeds, etc. So I ended up disabling just about everything but the weather.Photos are limited to Facebook and Amazon. I do NOT want any of my systems integrated with Facebook, but as an Apple iCloud user, it would be nice to add iCloud Photos to the options.The screen is a little bright for a nightstand device, but I have gotten used to it. I do like the way--I think--it senses motion and provides additional details on the screen. Or maybe its timed?? But it seems that when I enter the room, the screen brightens the display and shows the weather.I do wish the home automation controls were easier to access direct from the screen. The navigation takes some getting used to...the down arrow at the top is dedicated to device settings, and the arrow on the right used to accessing the information panels. I would like to be able to add a Panel for the home automation and specify which devices I want to see.So far it has accomplished what I needed...a clock radio :-O for the bedside that can access my music (iTunes) and activate my security cameras by voice. The ability to drop in on the room was missed by the angle of the camera, and the lack of custom controls/display elements I hope will be added in the future.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The Echo Show 8 is a good piece of hardware marred by a software design that makes you scratch your head, largely because the numerous requests and feedback from users of the larger Show is largely ignored in this implementation.The display is great, the built in pictures are also great, and the scrolling weather, news and other functions work well.The issues.1. There is no way to have a larger clock in ""standard"" mode.  It's a small little clock in the corner, and even if you turn off all the info scrolling options like news, weather, etc. It stays this small little clock with a bunch of empty screen space. Do not disturb allows for a larger clock, but is a poor implementation of allowing it as it literally shuts everything else off.2. Do not disturb in the menu says it turns the screen off, but actually leaves the screen on and just gives you a larger clock.  It should turn the screen off as stated and there should be a separate mode for displaying a larger clock.3. Night mode is still WAY too bright and there's no way to adjust it or dim it down. Nor any option to configure it so that night mode is just a clock, no picture.Now, if this was a first try, these things would be forgivable as they worked through what the end user wanted.  The issue?  The Google Home Hub has been out for over a year and literally has NONE of these issues as they got all of these wrongs right.  Want a full screen clock.  Check.  Want a proper dnd mode? Check. A night time mode that properly dims the display?  Check.The fact that the Show 8 misses badly on all of these is just not acceptable."	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was looking forward to utilizing this device in our living room primarily for our ring doorbell. Like many, our hardwired ring caused the chime to constantly vibrate. The constant buzzing noise was maddening and after many failed attempts to fix it, we just unplugged it. We had hoped that the echo would be able to display motion alerts as well as actual ringing of the doorbell. It does not. In fact, I’m not sure what it really does because set up was absolutely horrid. It was not at all user friendly. It’s constantly bouncing between phones, at ALL hours of the day and night. Nothing like Alexa saying “now streaming from “name”” at 3 AM. I thought the picture display screensaver was neat until it started displaying pictures from I don’t know when and that I cannot seem to locate but somehow it did? Overall, I wouldn’t purchase it again and I’m not impressed enough to recommend it.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought a pair of the Echo Show 8s so that I could do video calls with my parents so as to limit my visits with them during the pandemic.  The devices themselves have nice displays, cameras, and blue-tooth which I use to sync with my MP3 player or my Android phone.  The 1 star rating is for functionality.My dad was able to get his Echo Show 8 up and running without too much issue - except he had no way to add contacts.  The device does not have a means for adding contacts directly.  So I told my dad to try adding contacts by logging onto Alexa.amaxon.com - No option to add contacts.  Dad has a Windows 10 laptop so I instructed him to download the Alexa app from the Windows Store.  Again - no option to add contacts.Which brings me to our issues - these devices is that the setup requires the use of the Alexa app on a Smart Phone as the app wants access to read the contacts listed on the phone and upload them.I personally have 100+ contacts - most of them business contacts, that I did not want uploaded.  So I revoked access to the contacts on my phone and was able to log onto alexa.amazon.com and delete the contacts I did not want on my Echo Show 8.My parents are in their 70's and they only have some old flip phones.  Neither one of them have the desire to switch to a smart phone.  It's taken me about 3 months doing research on the weekends to finally figure out how that initially, contacts can only be added using a Smart Phone.I purchased a $20 LG Android phone I found on Amazon and got it setup using a WiFi connection only.  then downloaded the Alexa app and made sure that I was the only contact listed on the phone.  Over Thanksgiving, I had my dad log into the Alexa app and I verified that the contacts on the phone were synced with their Echo Show 8.Then we tried a call - Alexa kept saying the she couldn't make calls.  And even though I have an Echo Show 8, my parents Echo Show did not acknowledge that I had one and would not do video calls.Our solution was to do a factory reset of my parents Echo Show 8 and I added it to my Amazon account.  Now we can do video calls but that's not how this was supposed to work.  Obviously, its way past the return period so I feel stuck with these unless I can find a buyer for them.I admit that I should have done a lot more research besides quickly looking at reviews.  I checked the support forum for the Echo devices and I'm not the only one having issues with these devices.It seems to me that a simple software update to the device, alexa.amazon.com and/or the Windows 10 Alexa app could solve the issue with the initial setup of contacts.If you're looking for a device to do video calls with an older person who doesn't use or like technology then keep looking - the Echo Show is NOT the device for them.	1	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This device is basically an Amazon dictator in a box - you'll take exactly what we give you and nothing more, and you'll take it exactly the way we give it to you. The most major frustrations include:Lack of adjustability - for a device that cost me $50, I can't stress how ridiculous it is that I then have to pay another $25 for a STAND to be able to adjust the angle at which the device sits on my table. Really?Lack of sound quality - the speakers on this device do not face the front, so the sound...doesn't come from the front of the device. This makes it difficult to hear voices clearly if you're trying to keep the volume low.Lack of Netflix - this is the biggest and most frustrating one. First, there is no Netflix app (more on that in a minute). Beyond that, even if you go to Netflix.com in either browser and log in, clicking Play on any video puts you into a loop that just keeps taking you back to the same Netflix page saying ""Get the free app."" This is incredibly annoying to me that Amazon is so insecure about Prime Video that they won't even allow you to watch a competing service through a web browser. The thing is, Amazon, you're not really competing with Netflix - you complement them. I guarantee if I didn't have Prime I wouldn't subscribe separately to Prime Video, so when you're giving me the service with my membership, why do you force the ""free"" service as my only real video option?That being said, I had what I guess was some kind of anomaly last night which I can't duplicate this morning. I had tried opening Netflix in Firefox, and got into the loop I describe above. Last night, I decided to try the Silk browser, and I had a different experience. As you can see in the screenshot, my Echo DID open a Netflix app and allow me to watch videos, and it did it using A NETFLIX APP ON THE DEVICE. However, once I returned to the Home screen, I am unable to get back to this Netflix app. Now, going through the same steps in Silk puts me into that same loop where it just keeps taking me back to the same page on Netflix. Asking Alexa to ""Open Netflix"" says ""that video service is not yet available on Echo Show.""I cannot stress how disappointing this device is, but enabling the Netflix app would make it a 4-star device for me. I don't know if they're just testing and I lucked out for one moment and got a working link to the Netflix app, but CLEARLY, Amazon can not say that a Netflix app doesn't exist for this device.What gives, Amazon?"	2	November 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This was a gift. I've had it for close to a year and a half and for the 2 months or so it has become useless to me for what it was sent to me for. It was gifted to me to have the ability to do drop in video calls with family overseas, but now in order to not have it completely unplugged due to the reoccurring flashing notifications of ""Alexa for your Day"" which can not be disabled I had to set it on do not disturb because the only other option was to unplug it permanently. I might as well unplug it for how useless it is since it's no longer useable for why it was gifted to me and non of the other features are any good anymore (see below). No more calls dropping in AT ALL. I keep hoping they will fix it, but NOPE. Since I got it I've had it in my bedroom in view from my bed, which makes the ""Alexa for your Day"" flashing screen the most disturbing thing you can imagine. Watching TV, guess what would catch my eye? Talking on the phone? Distraction in your face! Trying to sleep? HAHAHAHA.Other annoying habits of Alexa since I received this:> I can't say anything to it without it giving me a whole paragraph on some feature it wants me to use.> I can't play music on it most of the time unless I want to spend money monthly for music unlimited.  When I first got echo devices they played all the music I wanted as much as I wanted at no additional charge.> It is very slow to respond with video when my ring device goes off. I've given up on it and just use my phone at this point.> When it does decide to play music it used to show the lyrics so you could sing along, which was awesome. Now it does this for only about half the song before it just goes back to the home screen. No matter how much I tell it to show the lyrics, it keeps reverting to home. I can't even get through one song anymore.WHY IS ALL OF THIS EXTRA SUPER DUPER ANNOYING? BECAUSE MY OVERSEAS FAMILY GETS ALL THESE FEATURES INCLUDED WITH THEIR ALEXA + NETFLIX AND DISNEY PLUS AT NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE AND WITHOUT THE CONSTANT ADVERTISING. THIS IS SPECIAL PRICE HIKING/ANNOYING INTRUSIVE ADVERTISING FOR USA CUSTOMERS.Yes, I have disabled everything is allows me to disable from the settings on both the device and on my phone's alexa app. This is not a user issue. This is a Amazon wants to control your very soul and take all your money issue.Don't waste your money on this product, there are way better options out there that won't turn into useless piece of junk in your house. I'm feeling super done with Amazon products and services, I used to be a huge customer of theirs but as they have gotten bigger and richer they have gotten progressively worse. I get in the car and go shopping locally before ordering from them nowadays."	1	May 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I don't use it nothing much I know about it	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"My suggestion - RUN, DON'T BUY.WHY?1ST, Amazon is clearly going down hill - support has decreased, software updates are making products worse and they won't own it. ""Sorry, our products are just sensitive""... Wait what??I have have grown my collection of Alexa devices to 13 plus devices (not counting all the firesticks - several) since the first Echo came out years ago.I've got the original Echo (2), the dot (several and gifted), the spots (2), the echo auto, the echo show 8 (2), echo show 10, echo plus (2), oh and those Phillips bulbs they bundled? Those have suddenly quit staying connected... They have quit working (wifi/smart part) after a couple years. Fun times constantly manually reconnecting with SN and it might work a day or 2. That's how those fail.On to the echos. What they are failing in the past 6 months or so ever more often then no more working ever, hence this review:Bluetooth hook-up was 1st to become a chronic issue. It will have my phone connected then when I asked for it to connect in order to listen to something it can't find it. In fact it doesn't even try yet it is paired. I would attempt to unpair in order to repair and it would take forever to unpair. Finally it would and I would repair and it might work a few times, then suddenly I was doing it all over again. This is become a total pain. I finally quit even using it as a Bluetooth. This was happening on almost all devices. Very frustrating and useless as a Bluetooth.2nd issue: I have put my devices in music groups for years. Never had an issue at all. Now suddenly if I have more than 2 devices in a group, most of the rest will have complete Distortion going on. Doesn't matter the different groups I have going, the different combinations, different rooms, where they're located,  it's irrelevant. I have high-speed internet, I have an excellent router,  I have literally ruled out everything. Simply put, if I've got more than 2 devices together, even if they're all on the same network as in 2G, I am going to have distortion on any device past passed 2 in a group. Well I'm sorry that means you can't have group music playing. This is all new the past few months. I have done resets, I have done everything under the sun and concluded this is on Amazons side and they don't want to own it. I spent time on the phone with their I. T. Department and all they can say is well I guess our devices are sensitive. Sorry. The tech even mentioned someone in their dept having the same issue. I'm not interested in your device's any longer. What a cop-out.While I have forgiven past issues with these devices now it has become unbearable that I can't use them for music grouping, or Bluetooth, they're getting rid of a browser, and you're already Limited because of proprietary issues. I'm done with these devices.Buy at your own risk if you want a pretty picture to look at."	1	April 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I generally don't write reviews, and I used to love my Show 8. I bought one for my home office and one for my parents. It used to do pretty much everything I could ask for or wanted... All I wanted was a device to display pictures of my family to make it easy for my parents to see the latest, since they live in another state, and haven't seen them since their grandkids since they were born. It was a bonus that we had it show weather and we could do video calls...But No!!!.... AMAZON HAD TO DESTROY THE EXPERIENCE WITH THEIR 3/2021 UPDATE BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO SHOEHORN ""ALEXA FOR YOUR DAY"" IN EVERY USER'S FACE!!!....I've been a loyal customer for a long time. My family spends a good chunk of our wallet share at Amazon. We ordered the Show 10 as soon as it was available... I was hoping they would remove this feature or at least turn down the frequency. It literally pops up every 5 screen. Instead, Amazon spread it to the Show 8, and I'm assuming the Show 5. I get you want to share the same UI i.e. the Weather is the same on the 10 as 8 now, but less one pane, but you can't give us the option to turn this Alexa for your Day ""feature"" off??? Who is the executive that loves this that will be so heartbroken if it's removed??.... Seriously, I tried thinking of why this is happening and that's the only logical reason I can think of why you'd want to irritate so many customers just to keep a feature that's not even helpful. There is no value in the information on the screen, and most of it is redundant. Most of us have other Echo devices... It's not new information that you can make a call with it or play music...You could make these devices so useful if you give your customers more control. After all, it's our device, not yours. My parents are elderly. All you are doing is confusing them before they just got to enjoy pictures of their grandkids...I've been in contact with Amazon about this, but so far there's been no action. I welcome escalating to whomever I need to because this is ridiculous. ""Alexa for your Day"" totally cheapens the experience to the point where it makes it feel like a store model that has a boring loop that states benefits we already know. I don't need that for my home. I already bought it. If I need tips, I'll turn them on/off as needed.Most high end devices Amazon makes and sells I'll buy in second... I was prepared to outfit more of my house with the Show 10 for example. What they are doing with the ""Alexa for your Day"" feature is antithetical to the philosophy of company I've studied for over 15 years. It will give me pause if their new stance is to force feed its users ""tips."" I may have to reconsider Google's hub."	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I’ve had it now for 6 months. Seeing as I got it on one of Amazon’s deals, it’s okay for the deal price I paid. But no matter how slow and clearly I speak, it has trouble understanding what I say. The touch screen is either to sensitive or not sensitive enough. Trying to input information, you either have to touch it 20 times or just once.	2	October 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"So, I'm an admitted late adopter, as in I bought my first echo dot in late 2019. I loved the sound and ease to play music and ask questions so much I thought, ""Why not get an Echo Show? I'm sure it'll be even more fun than the dot."" Ummm....nope. For me, it basically does the same thing, but costs more and seems to understand my commands less than my dot. I have to repeat things WAY MORE than I do for the dot and, even more annoying, it seems to sometimes guess what I'm saying and do something 100000000% different than my request. Here are some examples:ME: ""Alexa, play songs by Anjulie.""Echo Show: ""Ok, playing songs by Julie Andrews""ME: ""Alexa, read me a poem by a poet from the Romantic era""ES: I can't (or something like that.)ME: (exasperated) ""Alexa, read me a romantic poem""ES: ""Ok, reading from Audible, The Tales of Peter Rabbit, by Beatrix Potter""And, I have so many more examples like this. Try asking a question about something beyond the weather or simple conversions and she'll at best post some internet sites for you to read. Ugh. I can do that with my laptop or my phone or, like most normal people do...at work!What else? Well, Alexa likes to stay on. Meaning, when it's bedtime or I'm leaving for the day, there's no way I know to make the screen go black, you know to at least appear like Amazon isn't listening to me snore.And, more, like hundreds of reviews and even more people on other websites say, I HATE the constant scroll of ideas to try with Alexa and you can't turn it off. How about ""Alexa, try working like your owners want you to work""?And, there's even more this ES should do, but doesn't. If you're listening to music, that's it. You can't do anything else on your ES. If you say the wake word, the music mutes and Alexa waits for your question. If it requires a new screen, your music stops. Greeeaaatttt....even my Android phone and Windows laptop play Pandora AND, ironically, Amazon Music in the background unless I'm doing something that requires the mic, like talking on the phone...maybe even to Amazon customer service.Anyway, here's just one of the ways this single mode thing with the ES is really annoying. Alexa ALWAYS wants you to use her for recipes. Guess what: Want to cook w/Alexa? I hope you either have a photographic memory or don't want to listen to music, because you can't look at the recipe and listen to music at the same time. Annoying, right?So, what do I actually like about my ES? Well, I like the sound quality. For the price and size, and perhaps because I'm not too picky, the music that comes from the Show's speaker(s?) is nice. It's just not always the song I asked it to play.I also like the one thing I've found contradictory to its single mode mantra and that's that, if available, the ES will scroll the lyrics to the song it's playing. And, again, like I mentioned above, you might need those if Alexa surprises you with a Julie Andrews' song.I have until the end of the month to decide if I want to keep this ES. I'm still not sure. I thought it would have a clock display. It doesn't. Ok, actually, I thought it would have a display showing a minimal looking clock, day/date, and temperature. Yeah, no. Instead, those are each individual commands and don't stay on the screen long or together. Though, know what does have that all on one screen? You guessed it, my phone. Maybe I should return the ES and just mount a cell phone to an Echo Dot."	1	January 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The first one I bought was a convenience with which to communicate with my 86 YO mother who still lives on her own. Subsequent purchases were made due to a gift made all the more special by the inability to get basic medical care when the diagnosis was made during this COVID hysteria: they make me omnipresent with my wife as she is waylaid by chemotherapy. Outside  of that, I wouldn't have them. Here's why:I like to cook. The recipes the Echo in the kitchen shows are rarely more than inane, and usually stupidly named on the feed, turning out to be something other, either subtly or drastically, than the feed title implied.I'm a news junky. The ""news"" it will give you is always biased, anti-Trump  pap, and you're stuck with what Bezos has chosen for you to select from. No balance, no escape other than disabling it.There is really little about these that I like about these, considering their potential. You cannot customize the name it will respond to beyond those Bezos' programmers have chosen, so it's not even fun. The touch screen is barely responsive. The smarthome integration, at least with Insteon, ISY994i, and Honeywell thermostats is basic, quirky and inflexible. Ring integration is pointless. It feels to me as if they had Apple develop the hardware - it has the same ""live in our cage"" concept with little ability to ""make it yours"".But the video chatting with ma is great, and the intra-home intercom capability, though invoking it is unnatural, is useful. And the sound quality is on par with most wireless speakers. Coupled with its connectivity, this alone makes it worth the purchase price."	3	June 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not totally happy with this purchase.	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"The unit is slick, with a beautiful display, clear voice, and with mostly good voice recognition.  What I hate is you must use your phone through yet another App, and another Login, this time from Amazon, to intergrade this unit into your home WiFi network!?  I just don't get that.  You're agreeing to another set of 10-thousand unread statements of legalese designed to put you completely at fault (and at risk) for anything and everything that goes wrong, and giving away another set of usernames, passwords, and personal information just to have a stupid display.  It does not download anything pertaining to functionality, that has to come from the phone App.  And the worst for me was it is true to its name, it is an Echo ""Show"", so you can't use it to work with your cameras as you can your phone, which is why I bought it in the first place.  It will ""show"" you a camera's live image when you ""ask"" it to, or you can use the touch screen to scroll to the Home Security screen and select a camera to view, but that's all you get.  And it took me hours of searching to find out how to just do that!  If you are like me and have no access to cable or Fios or satellite Internet at your house, and all you have is a cell phone router, this machine will eat your limited data plan up!, and slow your router down!  It is sent with every option turned on, and no manual to help you get it set up like you would want.  You will need to hunt and scroll and peck through hundreds of touch screen lines, experiment with voice commands, and scour Internet sites to find the commands to try and get it to do your bidding.  All the while, it chews through hundreds of Megabytes from your data plan as it tells you, whether you wanted to know it or not, the latest receipts, the sports highlights, the weather in Haiti, and asks if you want to hear a joke before breakfast.  So lastly, the answer is No!, you cannot use this device to receive notifications or talk to visitors at your front door REOLink camera.  All you can do is look at them, should you just happen to notice someone is standing there by looking out the window in the first place.  Now that's real smart home convenience.If you are one of the lucky ones to have gotten this thing to work as advertised for REOlink cameras, then please post that setup for those who just don’t have the time, the patience, or the inclination to sit around their PC and hunt for clues on to how to set it up.  As for me, I rarely need to know the weather in other parts of the world, so I am sending mine back for a refund, before the time runs out."	1	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Clarification on some other reviewers’ comments: don’t confuse this with echo show 5–some reviewers suggest going to Home and Clock under settings to get a full clock showing and to remove Alexa skills rotation.  There is no such setting in echo 8.  Instead, it is wallpaper and clock.  And you don’t get to set a full clock face.  Just say Alexa show clock and she tells you, outright, “it is not supported on this device!”I am not sure if I would recommend echo show 8, given certain limitations I have seen, especially at the full price.  First, something that many other buyers have said:  lack of clock faces.  At night, I would hope for it to have a full clock face like echo show 5 does, but no.  All you see is a dim small digital clock.  Next, the annoying “echo does this echo does that” notices that rotate on the screen.  I have read suggestions in many forums on how to stop this, but no luck so far.  YouTube videos seem to be a natural for the 8 inch screen.  But there is no native YouTube app.  Rather, you are directed to a somewhat primitive-looking YouTube site on a browser, and from there you proceed to watch videos—which of course look quite good.  That said, the sound is pretty good, the screen in pretty good, and it does all Alexa skills pretty good.  Personally, I would get an echo show 5 and a traditional echo speaker in place of echo show 8.  A bit more expensive, combined, but best of both worlds.  By the way, I like the echo ecosystem a lot—I have one type or another in every room, and now in my car too.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Having used an echo 5 for about 6 months, I was waiting for Black Friday pricing so I could ""upgrade"" to an echo 8, and replace my clock radio and dot on the night stand with the echo 5, and use the echo 8 in the living room with the larger screen.  Thinking the two devices would share a common software/user interface, I only glanced at a few of the reviews, and mentally wrote the negative ones off as likely operator error.  That proves to be a mistake.On the positive side, the screen is nice, the sound is better than the echo 5, and build quality appears good.On the negative side, the echo 5's interface and feature set is more desirable to me. I dislike that unless I upload a picture, the backgrounds on the echo 8 will rotate through a set of them. I want one background, and for it to stay that way. I also don't like the tiny clock in the upper corner. I was expecting at least an option to have a large clock in the center like the echo 5 has (old eyes). And I agree the rotating 'try this"" on the bottom of the screen is extremely annoying, and should at least be an option to turn off.It does interact with my smart home devices as the echo 5 did, so it will at least function for the primary purpose it serves for me. While I would give the echo 5 a 4 star review, I give the echo 8 a 3 star rating because it's just ""meh"", when I really should be gushing about how it's like the echo 5 on steroids, and not a poorly implemented, sort of, almost, copy of it with a bigger screen.TLDR: the other reviews are real,  it's not just a bigger screened echo 5."	3	December 2, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Neither here nor there. Seems a very creative product. I ended up buying two of those only because they pick up sound like no other Amazon device, however There is no creative thinking behind this product, Which for all intents and purposes it’s far exceeded by the very dull fire tablet. I would concentrate on getting Alexa to you understand Words, then provide  Answers to real questions and not get stuck on the “what skill do you want to learn more about” bug which comes up every time it Admittedly does not understand. Also it seems Amazon is way too eager to use this to sell other products adding the visual aspect. Everything else can be done with multiple other devices. I would highly suggest building a hub that is really smart, can learn instead of only be programmed and push the envelope with more creative solutions  Leveraging existing infrastructure and improving, instead of selling us more of the same.  yes this does have a camera, it’s possible to add additional ones, if you’re very fortunate you are invited to buy a robot there is a camera on wheels, or a drone that is a camera as well.  I will trade this for a fire stick it doesn’t force me to use a screen enables me to automatically listen to high-quality music instead of the low-quality that I get with this device or echo link amp. Sorry Amazon, device isn’t as a contact still has a way to go	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The original unit had to be replaced before the end of the first week.  The  echo 8 kept cutting out especially when listening to news and music.  Instead of amazon replacing it with a new Echo Show 8,  I was sent a unit identified as refurbished.  How they could have refurbished units within days of the release of a new product is unclear.The replacement had a different problem.  After being on for 15 or 20 minutes, the Echo 8 refused to respond to an Alexa command. It simply stayed on with what was playing even when screaming Alexa right over it.  The Amazon technician I called couldn’t believe it either. We spent nearly an hour going back to the beginning with restoring to factory settings.  We agreed to keep it playing and have her call me after 30 minutes to see if the Alexa command could get it to stop playing.  She did call back as promised and, guess what, the fix took.  Alexa did her job.  I praised the technician for her expertise and effort and thought a new day had begun.Except it hadn’t.  The next day it was as if nothing had been done.  The Echo 8 refused to respond to the off or stop command, making it necessary to disconnect the power.A day later I am still wondering what to.  Should I call tech support and go through another remedial effort which will probably fail or should I ask for a third unit, one which is new and not refurbished?  Or how about a third option: request a refund and send it back?  I would easily opt for choice 3 if the picture and sound weren’t so great.  They are outstanding.  To be or not to be.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Overall good product. Needs to update apps that can be used to stream. Only can watch Discovery + if you bought from prime, but not if you buy from Discovery + directly. And not available on Amazon silk (web). Restricted	3	June 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	This is a quality product.  I do like it, but it would be nice to see Amazon listen to its buyers regarding features.  Hardware is solid and build well, screen is great, sound is good, but software is where Amazon fails its customers.  It is difficult to implement videos like Youtube, you have to go through a browser, which is a pain.  Also, which is ALMOST a deal breaker as it is so irritating, that is you CANNOT remove the Try Alexa notices at the bottom of your screens. Several reviews say it can be removed by going into settings and turn it off, but that is NOT true.  I have done that, turned every help, notification and option off....it is still there.  I have the newest software version, and it apparently is something that Amazon insists will be there, even though they are aware that everyone hates it and some people return their device because of it as well as others will not even buy it because they know that Amazon feels that they must shove this down the throat of those who give them money and pay their salaries.  Whew!  I guess I vented, but it really is a huge irritant that Amazon knows their customers absolutely do not want, but still force on them.  I will keep mine, because I do like it, but I do not encourage others to buy it if this type of belligerent Amazon behavior is too hard to swallow.  This should be an easy choice for the client, not be a forced display item.  That is why I gave two starts vs 5, If the Try Alexa was gone and YouTube easier to access, it would get 5 because it actually is a nice device otherwise.	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Alexa device sounds like a robot and not a human when you tell her to send an announcement. It started echoing and now my voice is unrecognizable and the other devices can not understand what is being said. Of course this starts after the one year warranty. Will not waste money on another one.	2	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"If, like me, you thought the Echo Show 5 was fine (minus one glaring issue I'll get into later) but simply wanted a larger display to be able to see the time and temp across the room easier and thought that the Echo Show 8 would be exactly that... save your money.For some unknown reason the developers at Amazon decided that the clock & temp display on the Echo Show 8 should only be able to take up a very small portion of the upper left-hand corner of the display.  This means that if you bought the Echo Show 8 to be able to see the clock easier due to it being larger you will actually get a smaller clock display.WuT?!Exactly.  Who at Amazon thought it would be a good idea to add code to limit the max size of the clock and temp on a device that costs more than the smaller version?  My eyes aren't even that bad but I can see how others with worse vision or possibly older people might prefer the larger display to be able to see the clock & temp better.  Bamboozled!In addition, the constant need to ""advertise"" to paying customers that's present on the Echo Show 5 also carries over on the more expensive Echo Show 8, sadly.  No matter what you do you can't fully disable everything that rotates on the home screen.  This means that you can't disable all of that garbage and just have the home screen be a clock and the temperature 24/7/365.  Even if you disable every option as well as the ""Rotate Continuously"" at the bottom you will still have your precious clock & temp minimize on a regular and constant basis while the stupid thing gives you ""pro tips"" of crap you can try saying.Amazon, how 'bout you give the users the option to FULLY and COMPLETELY disable this?!Enough people have complained about this and yet you persist on treating us like children.  Children with money to spend, mind you, but children nonetheless.  I don't need the hand holding that you seem to think we need.  I'm not huddled in a dark corner of my room shaking nervously frightened because I don't know how to ask Alexa to turn on a light.  You want to give new users a tutorial when they first set it up?  Fine.  This constant nagging that can't be disabled though is way, way, WAY too much.Enough people have hammered the reviews over exactly this on both devices and yet the solution has been ""coming soon"" for months.  This isn't a difficult change to implement if you really wanted to.I'm returning this Echo Show 8 due to these two reasons.  Awesome device (probably) if you can look past these issues I'm guessing.  I've already invested too much on three Echo Show 5's that I can't return so I'm not investing even more in an Echo Show 8 since it does the same BS only worse as those.If only Amazon was quicker to move on the simple requests of massive swaths of it's customers for one of their own products.  Maybe I'll go see what Google is offering in this same space now...."	1	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this at a local store because Amazon was temporarily out of them.Pros:  Easy to set up.  Plug it in and sign in to Amazon.  The display is clear.  The resolution is comparable to a cheap tablet.  You're not going to get 1080p at this price.Cons:  The sound quality is abysmal.  It was apparently designed to sound like a juke box with exaggerated mid  bass and and damped highs and mids.  Music sounds muffled.  The three band tone control can mitigate the frequency imbalance somewhat, but the best AQ is somewhat worse than a $20-$30 Bluetooth speaker.  A workaround is to plug a powered speaker of your choice into the aux output or use Bluetooth.  Yup, Bluetooth on another device is better.  The speech recognition is the signature feature.  The problem is that in order to use it you need to memorize a list of commands for each skill.  It's like learning a foreign language. If you spend enough time at it you'll be able to do a lot of things, but it requires quite a bit more effort than the average appliance.  If you enjoy the speech recognition on the phone when you're calling your cable provider you'll find Alexa delightful.  Sadly, the word ""operator"" does not result in human contact.  I bought this as a combination clock radio and bedside speaker.  The alarm feature works.  The mobile app allows you to set alarms if you forget the commands.  I discovered the Plex skill and found out that the set of voice commands doesn't allow you much precision in music selection.  I have a lot of music on my NAS.  I'm using the Plex web app in Firefox on the Echo Show.  The processing power of the device is limited and interaction with Plex, admittedly a bloated, slow moving piece of software, can be frustrating.  I'd love to have any of the several available DLNA clients that run on Android instead.  With a $30 speaker connected to the aux out I'm able to get the same thing as connecting my phone to the speaker and using a DLNA client app on the phone except that it is harder to use.Nope, I don't recommend the Echo Show.  The learning curve for Alexian, the language, is too long and playing music requires a separate device.  Spoiler:  Don't bother with the Spotify skill.  Use the app on your phone and use its hook into the Echo Show."	2	November 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I own the echo dot and of course the sound of this echo show 8 is way much better. I don't howeverliked the echo show next to my bedroom as the screen lits up from time to time making my room bright in the middle of my sleep and it disturbs me. I also thought that the screen would be a good feature until I realize iwouldrather want to watch videos either on the tv or at my iphone/iPad. This item is best placed in the living room or kitchen but not in the bedroom.	3	April 11, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Upgraded from the original Echo Show (1st Gen)Easy set up and installation -> Grade A+Screen clarity and Display -> Grade A+Smart Home Integration -> Grade A+ (Several Ring and Arlo Cameras as well as ADT Security System)Device is set up in the kitchen. Unfortunately, in comparison to the 1st Gen Echo Show i realized that the far-field microphones are sometimes not picking up commands or are totally misunderstood. My first gen Echo Show had never any problems, even from the other side of the room to understand and get everything.Even when the wake up word is understood, then Alexa just stays idle and just doesn't to anything:""Alexa, add Bananas to my shopping list"" was misunderstood. Adding other items sometimes, Alexa stopped after the wake-up word.I have realized that the Echo Show 8 is very sensitive to background noises, i.e. while the first gen Echo Show did understand everything with a lots of background noises (somebody speaking on the phone or my kids playing), this version of the Echo Show 8 leads to ""Alexa confusions"", so it can't realize if this is a command or a background noise.Sound quality. I can't understand the reviews about the sound quality from some people here. It is correct that the Echo Show 1st gen did not create a room-filling sound quality. However, in comparison, my old Echo Show sounded in general a lot better and louder (probably due to the Dolby).I will try to retrain the voice models for my two users although when i connect my old Echo Show (1st Gen) back i don't have any problems with recognition of voice commands. If this doesn't get the speech recognition fixed, i'll probably return it and keep waiting for the next gen of Echo Shows."	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It's not as good as the Echo Dot it replaced. I need frequently reboot so it will connect to Bluetooth devices again.	3	July 1, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Delivery was great but product didn't work properly had to return to get replacement and it works fine	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I like that I can play a great variety of music, and even see videos.  I do wish I could cancel some of the tips and news that really doesn't apply to me.  Alexa seems confused at times.  I asked for Middle Eastern music, and Alexa said there was none, but suggested Disco instead?  I found Middle Eastern music, such as Amr Diab, but she didn't make the connection.  One time Alexa told me it was time for bed.  I said Thank you Alexa. She said ""You're welcome, have a good night"".  I said ""You too"", and she suddenly started playing Youtube, and I tried ""Alexa Stop"", ""Exit"", ""No"", ""Cancel"", but it kept playing.  I finally somehow got it to stop but it was frustrating.  If I'm going to bed, and said thank you, why would I suddenly want to watch Youtube, and why wouldn't she know I'd want to stop.  Alexa doesn't seem very intuitive.  Also, I have a screensaver that shows paintings.  I asked who the artist was of a painting Echo was displaying, and Alexa responded with something unrelated.  Also, one time, the Echo said to ask about a particular bit of news, so I did, and Alexa didn't know what that was.  Just very frustrating sometimes!  One would think, with all the technology, that these things would have solutions!"	3	May 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	After reading many reviews on Echo Show 8 i purchased one for my grand kids and one for myself. I thought my 4 year old grandchild would be able to call me himself, without parental help., but it didn't turn out that way .The SHOW  doesn't understand his voice, or he talks to fast, or not clear enough or doesn't say the Exact correct words to make the call . I wish Amazon would enable an easier way for young children to use this device, very dissapointing as he still needs parental help to call me :(.THe sound is also very muffled, much more than our newest Echo dot, which is also very dissapointing because the cost is so much more...One other disappointment is when someone calls you on the Echo Show with their Echo Show, all Alexa devices notify you that there is a call coming in! We have an Echo dot in the bedroom that alerted an incoming call at 6am, much to the dismay of my husband. So now I turned off notifications for our bedroom Echo dot, but that also disables its ability to be used with the Drop In feature. So now when I am in the kitchen I cannot talk to the bedroom Dot with drop in , as It is disabled. Amazon could seperate these features, to be turned on /off independently so all features could still be able to be used. I mean they want us to have their devices all over our hourse, but who wants incoming phone call alerts in the bedroom in all hours of the day or night...	3	April 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I love everything about this echo show except this is the 2nd echo show I have received where the ""video home"" button won't work. I'll tell Alexa to open video home and she'll say ""here is video home"" but it stays on the home screen. If I click on video home button it stays on the same screen as well. If I tell Alexa to take me to a 'certain' video app she will though. I would have liked my kids to be able to scroll through the list of available video apps. I know it's a minor issue but for the price of the device I wish the product worked 100% as it is advertised. I do appreciate the customer support help and replacement I got from Amazon though. I won't return this echo show this time but I won't order another even though I really wanted the kids edition, as it seems this is a common problem with the devices."	3	November 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Definitely enjoyed the echo. Love the screen and the ability to basically put a little mini TV anywhere in my house. With the ability to stream Netflix and other streaming services. But Was sorely lacking in features for? Features for clock faces? And just random customizations just very. It was a big disappointment. For how good of a product I know Alexa Integration could be. I was hoping the echo show was gonna be the Google clock on steroids. But it just didn't work out that way.	3	April 17, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa has trouble responding when called by name. I do like how you can set multiple timers and name them.	3	June 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Reminds me of Windows Phones and their destiny...	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	It’s a great speaker with a richer sound than the smaller echo’s, and the ring doorbell integration is very useful - as soon as someone rings the bell you see them with no commands or extra steps.For this product to have a screen as the differentiating selling point though, and not support the major streaming apps, that’s pretty disappointing.Definitely get it for the speaker though, and pretend there’s no screen since it doesn’t really do much.	3	April 25, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Video quality is subpar.	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	The echo show has many more features than my echo unfortunately the instructions to  use thesefeatures are almost impossible I have a list of 5 I continue to want to use but have not been successful down load phone  - entertainment  movies video radio -  productivity email timers  -communication voice video calls drop in messages -routine setup multiple thing to happen at the same time-  photos take pictures share with contacts .... This was a gift and I am 76  request any help available	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	So far it's been a mixed bag of expectations met & not met.  I only bought this, 2 of them, so that I could send one to my father at his assisted living in order to stay in touch... and give him some company (books read to him, music, look at photos, etc.).  I have not been able to test how this works since he was hospitalized shortly after I bought them.  However, in setting them up in my home, I've come across many user unfriendly features among other things.  The biggest unfriendly feature is figuring out where to manage everything.  Everything from contacts for phone calls to apps to music to books. Sometimes you do this, manage, on the device, sometimes through the smart phone app, sometimes on a website, sometimes through 3rd party... really really off putting to say the least.  For a device that is supposed to simplify or enhance your life, it is the opposite due to these management issues.  Even more maddening is all the commands that have to be learned verbatim.  This is not going to go well for my father, I can already tell.  I could print out a list of commands but then again, he's losing his sight.  Real life seems to take a backseat in a lot of how this device works, but I digress...So far having books read to me (still testing it until my father is out of the hospital) & looking at photos, are working.  However, if you make a mistake in signing up for Amazon music on the phone app, then you won't get family, and the device will not play different music on diff devices at the same time. And if you try to change it, it won't let you til the trial period is over.  That some people might die, literally, before that happens doesn't seem to have even been considered.  Just another example of user unfriendly features.Audible on the other hand, is awesome and responsive to customers changing needs.  Thought I'd at least highlight something positive.  Although, a couple of the books I've chosen don't play, but again, I've been able to swap them out thereby, grateful somebody was thinking of people & real life.Long story short, if you only want to buy stuff, have books read to you, look at photos, listen to music & have no family, then this device is for you!  (have yet to test calls & drop ins)This device could really benefit from developers & QA testers who have families, friends, and elderly parents (who they don't live with).  I'm being partially sarcastic, tongue in cheek if you will, trying to keep it light, making lemonade out of some big lemons.  Guess I'm super unique in my wants & needs.	2	May 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	For the money, even on sale, NWAF!	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have some other echo devices and the echo show 8 is garbage. This echo will be the last one to respond even if I lean over and yell into it. It won't hear me. I also doesn't work with Amazon music and will never sync with the speaker group. I end up with a delay on this one device. I only use it if I can use the touch screen because talking to it is a no go. The small dot is a much better product.	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	EDIT: Just when you think it can't get worse... It does. I was cooking dinner tonight and had a timer set. Once the timer was up, I said, 'Alexa, stop' and then tried about 15 other different variations of this. Alexa thought I had no timers set on any devices and the timer continued to sound until I had to unplug the device and plug it back in.Also, yesterday while watching TV, I randomly started to experience some incredibly noticeable sound distortion on my Fire TV stick 4k. Once again, after trying every other possible solution, I had to restart the device....ORIGINAL REVIEW:Incredibly disappointed. This was one of EIGHT Fire TV and/or Echo devices that I purchased on Black Friday, hoping to switch from Roku TV and have a seamless smarthome experience. Oh boy, was I wrong.Whether I rename the the Fire TV devices or use their original names, the echo devices CANNOT control or recognize the tv devices, even after properly pairing them under the TV & Video setting in the Alexa app. I've tried to unpair, repair, restart, unregister, reregister, you name it. I've wasted days.  Generally, Alexa responds with 'I cannot find a device named ...' I consider myself very technically savy and I'm positive this is not something that I'm doing wrong. I should've read more into this before buying. TONS of people all over the internet are having this problem. It's infuriating. Plain and simple, until problems like this are fixed, Amazon is blaintantly false advertising the way that their devices work.Other cons to note:-Multiple video apps stutter and sometimes even randomly pause without ever resuming unless you physically resume them.-Alexa drastically lowers the volume of the TV when you are voicing a command. This in-and-of-itself is not a huge problem. However, it becomes a problem often when after the command is complete, Alexa does not resume the original volume of the content. When this has happened, I've had to ask Alexa to turn the volume back up to the specific number it was at.-I have two third generation echos paired as a stereo system for the TV. Often, even though I have my fire TV set as the preferred device, only the echos hear my voice, and once again, because they cannot control the TV, they say that they cannot recognize the device and then I just have to pick up the controller anyway.-The Fire TV will often think that it hears an 'Alexa' when absolutely no where near that word has been stated. Because the volume lowers drastically when Alexa is listening, it creates an obnoxious volume dip in content to listen for nothing when this happens.-You cannot set a sleep timerHonestly I could go on and on about the cons and about just how unhappy I am about these products. There are even more problems than what I listed here, but I'm not wasting too much breath, as after doing days and days of research on these topics, I've seen that Amazon has absolutely no answers to these problems, even after thousands of people have reported the same problems over and over. Unless there is some revalatory software updated coming, I'll be returning hundreds of dollars of equipment.	1	December 7, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I have an Echo dot and this 8” Show model. I have the Show in my living room and the Dot in my bedroom. I live in a 1200sq 2 bedroom apartment so the distance between the living room and the bedroom is about 40 feet. Occasionally while I’m standing about 5 feet from the Show in the living room and about 30 feet from the Dot in the bedroom, the Dot will pick up the command instead of the Show. That’s my only complaint. The Show sounds great for such a small speaker.	3	March 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	So this was a great idea, but it is so tied to Amazon only and SO limited in apps etc that it really just doesn't compare to a tablet. Skip this and just get an android tablet and install alexa app on it.	2	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It’s pretty nice device. The only trouble I have with it is that eats up a lot of my Wi-Fi bandwidth and I’ve been unable to get it to use YouTube music as its source of music when I request Alexa to play some music. I suppose that’s not entirely a device problem as it is it an Alexa integration thing perhaps? Even with Amazon music it doesn’t seem to be learning as it goes because an album that I will play through it Bluetooth style doesn’t seem to get calculated and remembered when I ask Alexa to play this album later. Anyway the device is nice, I’m just more of an okay Google guy.	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Alexa has basically ruined an otherwise decent piece of hardware. Here's the example that convinced me to write this review:>> Echo, play my audiobook.> <audiobook plays>>> Echo, pause.> <audiobook pauses>>> Echo, play.> What do you want me to play?"">> ...? My Audiobook?> Can't find songs by Audiobook.>> ...Another?Alexa:>>Echo, Avid BB7 brakepad replacement> I couldn't find a list called ""B. P. 7."" Should I create one?>> ...no. ...?> Okay.>> ...Echo, search for videos about Avid BB7 brakepad replacement.> Here's what I found.> <displays completely irrelevant Bing search results about Volkswagen brake jobs>All of that nonsense compared to Google:>> Ok Google, Avid BB7 brakepad replacement> <immediately brings up a videos on Youtube of the process>That's the typical level of performance you can expect from Alexa. It's been driving me crazy since I bought this thing. Anyone accustomed to the Google assistant is going to be sorely disappointed.More general issues that constantly recur;* Alexa has awful keyword recognition for the news stories that Echo is always shoving down your throat. If you don't say the /exact phrase/ at the bottom of the note (""Alexa, play the ... story""), you're out of luck. Even a concise reference to the story based on the content of the title/tagline regularly puzzles it.* Alexa does not consistently interpret common requests. My request ""Play NPR news"" seems to bounce randomly between playing a singular daily podcast, and running an ""app"" (or something?) that plays a constant stream of stories and ads. I haven't figured out what's going on there yet.* Alexa, recently, has decided that I need to hear news from every single provider every morning. When I say ""Echo, play BBC news"", she will play the ~10 minute podcast. Cool.  But, then she declares ""Playing new from other providers"", and it just keeps going! Who wants that? Why would that be the default behavior? Why can't it be turned off? Now I need to tell her to shut up every morning after the end of the BBC podcast, which is the only one I care about.* When playing an audiobook, the display randomly bounces between the audiobook progress bar, and the random spam that's usually littering the display.* You can tell Alexa to turn the screen off. But you can't convince her to keep it off.* Did I mention how bad Alexa is at interpreting things? That's still the biggest issue.But, at least I can turn off my living room lights without getting off the couch. Well, as long as I'm careful to specify my ""living room"" lights. Alexa will have an aneurysm otherwise...even though they're the *ONLY* lights I have set up in the Alexa app.I just can't get over how behind Amazon is compared to Google (and I assume Apple) in voice assistant tech."	2	February 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I have a large house, which is old. So I decided to retrofit it and make it smarter. So, I have heavily invested into Amazon Alexa gadgets, including two of Echo Show 8, multiple Echo Dots and Echo speakers of various generations, as well as Ring Alarm and Ring Doorbell.The overall impression of the Alexa ecosystem for me is negative (2/10).Because, Echoshow 8 is an integral part of the whole system, it gets affected by it, as well as having its own serious shortcomings.1. Speech recognition is way subpar to what Google offers. Not understanding questions, not having answers overall slows down this things it should  be able to handle.2. Way too slow to connect to another Echoshow with ""drop in"" command, with annoying confirmation requests, which relies on speech recognition as well. This makes it slower yet.3. Inability to have most popular apps installed. I mean things that are SO common, such as YouTube and Netflix. You have a beautiful screen with a good speaker, but you are being FORCED away from some most favorite and common video content providers. Lately Amazon ALLOWED to play YouTube from their browser. Which is obviously not the same experience. Netflix, however, is completely UNAVAILABLE.4. Advertising on my screen!!! That's the craziest and most annoying part. I tried multiple times going through the settings, trying to remove everything from the screen,. Nothing works! They still advertise to ME on MY device, using MY electric energy, without my consent. I even tell Alexa to turn off the screen. It turns it off for a little while, then turns On a little while later, without any prompts.5. Lately I receive messages that ""I might be running low"" on certain supplies, I usually buy from Amazon. WTH? That's crossing lines too. Unprompted. I feel like Amazon invades my privacy.6. Frequent unprompted suggestions to: ""Try new things with Alexa""... New dumb ""games"" or tricks to use Alexa. These are impossible to remove as well. And they stay on the screen for a long time, ruining a beautiful wallpaper you might have on the screen otherwise.7. Inability to play external video files - no hardware support (SD or MicroSD card readers) or wireless capability.8. Overall poorly designed UI, with VERY few limited choices.=========Conclusion:I attached several photos of Echo 8 , taken within approximately one minute. The amount of cycling unprompted ads and ""suggestions"" makes me wish I could return all of them. But, I cant , so this review is for those of you who think of getting ANY Alexa device.For those of you thinking that Amazon will have it fixed. I went through many forums, trying find my way around these issues. People have been complaining about these same issues for YEARS! Amazon doesnt listen and doesnt care. There is only one explanation for all of this: CORPORATE GRID! Amazon became too big to care to loose marketplace. Ilon Musk is right: Amazon is a monopoly that needs to be broken up."	1	September 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I received a Google home nest mini and wanted to add a smart screen to my lineup. I purchased two smart bulbs and a smart outlet to have some home automation. I decided I wanted to look into getting a smart screen/speaker and did a lot of research before my purchase. I like how a lot of devices work with Alexa. From my research I found that Google assistant has fewer choices for smart device compatibility but still a fair amount.  I decided to purchase the echo show 8 while it was on sale. I figured if I didn't like it, I wasn't out the full amount. I opened the box, set it up and had it going in about 10 minutes. It seemed to work well and recognize my voice decently when there is zero other sounds in the room. If a tv is on or music is playing, even at a low volume, it has trouble understanding what I ask around 30% of the time. It can be very frustrating. The Google nest mini understands me way more often under the same conditions (roughly 90% of the time). I know the nest mini is a smart speaker but I would expect the same from a speaker as I would a screen. All in all I will most likely be sticking with Google products over Amazons products.Update. After a couple of weeks I still have issues with the echo show picking up my voice. It definitely seems that if there is any added background noise, it has troubles hearing my requests. Still no issues with the Google nest mini.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this to use with my ring cameras. Here's the thing: my old iPad Air (really old - Gen1 - I keep it mainly to set up 2.4ghz *smart* devices) gives me an overview of all my cameras at once. It's like a tiny little security array. This thing, I tell it to show me a camera, but that's all I can figure out how to do so far, aaaaaannnnd a triangulating little beeee in an Orbi extender that cannot change its wake word and won't mind its business over in the next room keeps telling me that IT can't do cameras (I know - you don't even have a screen and BTW I didn't ask YOU).Anyway, oddly, configuring the old iPad was a breeze. It does everything I want. This thing, not so much. And my old 7 inch kindles connected faster. They both died within a week of each other, though.Bottom line: if the old kindle fires had not died, I would be wishing I had not spent money on this. As it is, I'm not mad, but I wish it did more. Might be good for dorm use or assisted living, where the video calling and netflix/primetv features would get some use.	3	May 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This was purchased as a Christmas gift.  There are many great features, I love asking Alexa to make  a grocery list that I can open in the store.  Enjoy music, news, cooking and more with Alexa in my kitchen. The problem is the speakers and sound quality.  IT SUCKS!  My Show  went from being good sound to intermittent on off as if I was driving through a dead zone even though it’s stationary in my kitchen.  When I called Amazon they walked me through a reset which seemed to fix the problem.  A short time later the same issues occurred with the show and it began sounding like a transistor radio or tin can.  I called customer service again and they walked me through a reset.  This time the Show still sounded bad.  I asked for an exchange and they agreed to send a new one to me.  When my “new” Show arrived it was actually a reconditioned unit.  To me this was not at all acceptable.  I called customer service again and the representative told me this was the policy, that after so many days you are given a reconditioned until during your year warranty.  After my challenging this and being on hold he agreed to refund my money, but not all of it since I had used the product.  After challenging this and being on hold even longer he agreed to refund my full purchase price but not to replace my show with a new model.  I did not buy a reconditioned unit, I bought a brand new one and do not think that it is fair to replace it with a reconditioned unit.  I will never buy another Amazon electronic device and suggest you consider the same.  A warranty means a new replacement only if used in the first few months, after that it means you will get a reconditioned unit or a partial refund since you used the item.  I wanted to replace an item that I loved and used daily but Amazon let me down and would not do what I feel is the right thing.  Amazon is a huge company and surely could replace a faulty product with a new one.  If you read the reviews you will see that the speakers are a consistent problem with other customers as well.  Even the tech places reviews agree the speakers stink.  Wish I had known this before I purchased my Show.	1	September 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I used to love alexa, but now, they've turned her into that nagging child , tugging on your pant leg perpetually asking, 'are we there yet?'alexa wsa great when all she did, was what you asked her tonow she wants to tell you moooooooorrreee , and annoy the (#&( out of you in the processif you have one of the show varieties, you have a screen in settings that allow you to turn on and off whta kind of content will be displayed on your screen.  Thtas a nice feature, until, you find out thta they turn it ALL back on, when they do a push update.So instead of remembering your settings, like you would expect with a SMART device, it resets all those settings to on.  Which means , after each push update, you have to go around to all your show devices, and start scrolling and turning off all the options it turned back on.seriously?next comes, the by the way feature, which you cannot turn off.  again, seriously????you ask her something , or simply tell her to play music, and now and then you are rewarded with alexa rambling off at the mouth like an annoying child,  oh btw blah blahblahlbhaablabhjust shut the #**** ** already and do what I said.and you cant stop her from doing it.the voice recognition is generally pretty good, but after , what almost a decade, it still struggles with certain words and you sit there acting like a tourist in a foreign country slow speaking words trying to get it to understandalso, if its not connected to the internet, forget EVERYTHING.I have it tied to my philips hue light system.  Now considering these are smart devices,  connected to a home network, they should still be able to talk to each other on that network. but nope, it cant.  when my internet goes down, which it does from time to time,  everything stops.  I want to turn off the lights , forget it, alexa is having trouble communicating.  Well its connected to my home network still!!! i should be able to talk to the hue bridge and turn the lights off. but nope, it cant,  so rather than sleeping with a house full of lights on, I have to get up and go turn them all off.  This should not be a problem with a smart device in 2021.I used to love alexa, now, I hate it.  more directly I hate those in charge of seeing to it that alexa is not something that enriches our daily life, but annoys us to no end.	1	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I had this for about a year now and all of a sudden it just stopped working. It won’t power on or anything and I’ve tried to reset it but still won’t do anything.	2	October 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"This is the 3rd show I've purchased.  2 of the 3 have failed and keep saying ""sorry I can't play your music right now"" or something similar.  After rebooting it, doing multiple factory resets I spoke with someone on the phone to help me 'trouble shoot'.  They told me to do the exact things I'd already tried.  She finally said I needed to mail it back so they could try to repair it.  If it could not be repaired, it would be replaced.  This seemed annoying, but at least they had a plan to fix it for me.  Today a $58 return shows up in my account.  Apparently it wasn't fixable and they don't have the option to replace it.  When I called rather unhappy that they weren't just going to send me a new one, I was told the difference in price was a restocking fee.  She seemed confused on me questioning how they would charge a restocking fee on an item they claimed couldn't be fixed.  After 'supervisor' approval she was willing to give me $13 towards the puchase of a new one.I really like this product, when it works...  It's just sad that they keep failing and when I first starting looking up how to troubleshoot this issue it's very apparent this is a very common issue.  The conclusion to the call was her offering me 15% off of a new one.  My final question to her was why would I keep buying an item that keeps breaking, when Amazon won't stand behind their product when it breaks?  This was followed by extreme silence.Guess I'll give google's products a try instead.  I'm fully expecting Amazon to take this review down because there is far too much truth for one post.  But for that employee reading this, go back through those recorded calls and listen to mine.  Maybe take it to a manager.  Maybe learn something about customer service."	2	May 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	So many times I have to un plug her and plug her back in because she WONT STOP when we say stop. We say “alexa stop” a dozen times and she goes right back to playing the music. Ridiculous!!! Gave 3 stars for the screen and the fact I can play Netflix.	3	May 19, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I have a home full of Echo devices (multiple Shows of every vintage) and upgraded the original Echo Show in my kitchen to this Echo Show 8 just under 2 years ago. The brighter screen and smaller footprint was a nice change, but I did notice that this unit did not always respond when I said ""Alexa"" (often the unit in the Living Room took precedence.) Okay. Also noticed that once or twice a week the screen would be completely black except for the time in the upper left hand corner, but saying ""Alexa"" still worked. Okay.Then on Monday of this past week I came back from an errand and noticed the screen was black without displaying the time. Went through all the normal checks (power cord plugged in, try turning it off and on again) but nothing. Then did the Mute/Minus button restart and saw the dread Echo + Red Triangle with Exclamation Point screen. Ruh Ro!Contacted CS by phone who patiently went through 20 minutes of various attempts to get the unit to restart/reboot without success. When I then asked what could be done the answer was, Sorry... nothing...This is the second Alexa device with a display I've owned that has died within 2 years. None of my other electronics are as short-lived. In this case I actually suspect a failed software/firmware update caused my problem (in other words, not-my-fault) but the official response remains ""Sorry"".Buyer Beware"	1	August 12, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I decided to switch away from Google since they obviously have their own perception of reality with security and ownership of your data (not to mention their tilted view of the truth). So all my google devices went in the closet and I got all new Alexa stuff, ranging from multiple displays, Echo devices, door locks, therms, etc.Sadly, this is not at the Google level of automation. Amazon's choice in the way they add in skills is about as bad as I've seen. It's like modded Minecraft back in the alpha days. I can understand the desire to throw off development of their ecosystem to other developers - it's a lot of work to interface with stuff. Unfortunately, you get what you'd expect from every place out there trying to figure out how to interface up - a big mess. I'll use my Roomba vacuum as an example.  It's almost useless to think there's any integration happening. Around 70% of the time, it does not work. For example, Roomba like to come on and work right when I'm eating lunch, so you'd think I could just shout out to Alexa to pause the vacuum job. Well, that's wishful thinking. Sometimes it works, most of the time it doesn't understand what Roomba is. Same goes for my Samsung TV and some other devices.And then there's the mystery voice recognition. For the life of me, I can't figure out why Alexa thinks I'm saying the wake word. I could say something like ""My dog needs to eat."" and Alexa beeps and wakes up. It's like it needs to be sure to listen in on every possible word. Since their developers are so junior apparently, we only get a small handful of wake up words. It must be really complicated to be able to interpret everything I'm saying once the device is listening compared to just setting my own wake up word. I'd set it to ""Hey Google"" if I could because that apparently didn't trigger near as many false times.So, if you want to play around some some Alexa stuff, it's ok. It's not where I'd hoped it was. I'm not as worried [yet] about Amazon using all my data as I am with google, so it's a rock and a hard spot deciding who you can trust. Maybe we were all better off walking over to the PC and typing in what we wanted..."	2	May 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Despite the many glitches in Echo devices, I love them for playing music and answering basic questions.  I own two Echos and three Echo dots and have been happy with them.  For Prime Day I purchased the Echo Show 8 and I want to smash it with the hammer Hillary used to destroy her emails.  It's truly a horrible device!  No YouTube, supposedly as of the day I received it.  Not only doesn't Blink work with Show 8 as it's supposed to, but the device also doesn't learn, it just keeps repeating the same annoying things like trying to sell me more Blinks and asking me if I want to connect to other Echo devices.  I was excited about the newest version being released but I think I've bought my last Echo.  Time to give Google a chance.  Amazon's excellent customer service helped me get Blink working on Show 8 but it stopped again and they have not been able to help me fix it.  YouTube still doesn't sync properly.  Flash briefings are a joke until you fix it on Alexa.amazon.com.  The microphones are terrible on Show 8, I have to yell for it to hear me.  With all the time Amazon had to work on this product, I expected it to be much more functional.  on 11/24/2020 I came back to see my review and update it if necessary.  The only update is it has gotten even worse.  I'm about to unplug it if they can't help me connect my Blink cameras and go back to one of my extra old faithful regular echo devices sitting around gathering dust since we downsized from a huge house to a regular-sized apartment.  I should mention that one of the most annoying aspects of the Show devices is the regular inappropriate suggestions to watch fake news stories from untrustworthy networks that make American's nauseous.  There should be more user control over the content, including shutting suggestions off entirely.  I DO NOT want to listen to NPR but there's no way to stop the daily push for me to which I imagine NPR pays for big time.  SO glad I didn't splurge for the larger size.  Almost just returned it but as I traded in my excellent Echo for it on Prime day, they will only give me $35.00 which is what it's worth at best but not enough to make the hassle of returning it worth my time.  I'll give them one plus, the fact that you can close the camera physically as I don't trust the electronic mute and close functions and I unplug all my Echo devices when making personal phone calls or just talking.  I don't expect Amazon will be fixing their Show line anytime soon.	1	October 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	OK my first purchase almost two years ago was this exact model which died.  So why did I buy the exact same one. Well the price was as low as some without screens and my hope that maybe this one would last more than two years. I also had the stand already.  Not sure if I made the right decision but look me up two years from now.	3	April 24, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have an Echo Dot in the kitchen and it works quite well. This Echo Show is very slow. Seems like the software is just not optimized for the hardware. The voice recognition gets anything but the most simple commands wrong and when I try to use multi room groups with this device included it causes some sort of glitch so my other Amazon devices stutter when playing music and then go silent.  Maybe I should have bought the Gen 2 but this one had such great review I figured it would serve my purpose. My guess is Amazon did a software update sometime in the last year or so and it is causing the issue. I will update this review as I gain more experience with this device. So far though, I rate it 1 star.	2	July 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have a several of the Alexa show’s. I have only one that actually works correctly I get tired of asking you questions in it always saying hum! I don’t know. The only one that actually works when I ask you questions is what I have done in my bedroom which I bought from Fred Meyer‘s but it was on sale going out before the new additions came in. It was supposed to have a remote with it never had a remote. I would love one being sent to me by Amazon. Should’ve been in the box when it was ordered. Anyway I’m getting the same results of the last two I ordered I don’t know. Is there anyone out there has any suggestions let me know because so far I can’t get those to work like my first one does that I have next to my bed which that one I love it’s one of the first generations. Some are generations doesn’t look like it’s gotten better. I would say it’s gotten worse.,😔 For when I buy these items that they actually work when they come in. I have no idea how to set it up any differently than I already have set up my other one but the last one I purchased they just say the same thing to me huh I don’t know how to do that....	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The 8 inch is our favorite size and fits well anywhere and still is a decent size for video. It responds better to voice commands better than my dots. Amazon nearly got it right with this, but there are a few things that make me hesitant to recommend it.Audio quality is close to the full size Echo, and a significant upgrade over the dot. Prime video and displaying simple commands is nice, using the browser to watch YouTube or do something quick online is doable, but not as simple as it could be.There are two things I hate:1. Looking at other reviews it's clear there is a need/want to further customize the home screen. From clock size, to even widgets like the weather always up, HUNDREDS of people have mentioned this would be great. It still has not been done, and in theory would be relatively simple to roll out.2. I don't think they could make a less intuitive alarm clock. When I find myself struggling to turn it off and not snooze it, or even check to make sure it's still on for the following day, that means it's poorly designed. Want to get frustrated to start everyday, and then wake up the family because it was on snooze accidentally and you're already in the shower? Well then you'll love using this as your primary alarm in the morning.Would I buy it anywhere close to full price? Never. If you can find it discounted like on Prime Day, it may we worth adding to your home.	3	February 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Since having an Echo Dot, and enjoying it, we added to it by purchasing the Show.  I'm glad we opted for the smaller, less expensive 8"" model, since it doesn't seem to be quite worth the hype.The sound quality is horrible, very muffled, and since the speaker is on the back it is quite difficult to hear/understand.  And trying to activate it usually requires almost yelling (within a 3 foot distance), whereas the Dot can clearly hear and understand a spoken word from across a room.Using the same requests as the Dot will give the same results (tell me a joke, what's the weather, etc.), but we have yet to figure out how to get the Show to play anything (like videos or television programs, or movies).  When trying to find a menu, the voice commands are useless (like talking to a third-grader) and attempting to utilize the touch menu doesn't take you anywhere since it seems to be ""stuck"" at giving you only 2-3 options.Bottom line - It doesn't seem to have any more ""useful"" skills than the Dot, so...  at the moment, it's just a Dot with a screen that does nothing more than show pretty changing pictures.  <sigh>  Disappointing, but not worth trying to return it, as it may be user error.  MUCH better instructions would be extremely helpful!UPDATE:  Since posting my review, Amazon tech support reached out to me.  While performing various checks and tests of the Show, the tech support rep & I were discussing what I had hoped it would do and what it was capable of doing.  Rachel (the rep) was most helpful and completely honest with me - instead of attempting to talk me into keeping it, she made the correct call that I wasn't really impressed or happy with the capabilities and we agreed it would be best if I returned it.  She then made sure it was a smooth, easy return process, setting it up and sending me a return label via email.  I was VERY impressed that she didn't turn ""salesman"" on me and try to sell me something ""instead"" of the Show, instead simply giving me options based on what I had wanted this to do.  Overall, I would give Rachel & Amazon's tech support a solid ""10"".  The Show will be returned, and I will continue looking for something I can set up in my kitchen that utilizes apps instead of skills!"	2	June 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The main complaint is the apps just don't work. Hulu TV gives an error message. I signed up for Food Network TV so that I could use one of the Show 8's in the kitchen, but it has no ability to do any of the live shows. It's sorta like Samsung and Apple TV's Food Network app, just some old recorded shows. Overall, it's just a larger screen that has Alexa and tells time, weather, etc. Touchscreen doesn't seem to work as well as the Show 5. I wonder if the largest Show has a glass screen. That might be why it's so expensive. The 1MP camera doesn't bother me as I don't use the video chat feature as I usually just use FaceTime. Sound is a bit better than the 5.UPDATE: I used the Amazon Trade-in Program where they give you X amount of money for an older Alexa device so long as your device isn't cracked. I traded in a Dot. The trade in amount was a mere $5. When they got it, they appraised it at $2 so I only got $2. I wasn't expecting that. My friend traded in his Echo. They told him it'd be $25. They sent it back to him without explanation and they kept his power supply. He spent 40 minutes on the phone being transferred to 3 people to finally get a resolution. Long story short. They do not explain why they refuse items or lower your value. Do NOT use the Trade-in program.Oh and the other issue with the Show 8 is it is very slow compared to the 5.	3	December 8, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"Love the idea. Bought this so I could video chat with my aging mother out of state. It was simple enough to set up, except when it comes to doing what it is supposed to do, you are on your own to figure it out!  First thing, DO NOT IMPORT YOUR CONTACTS!!! You cannot delete them if something changes, like a divorce or breakup. All you can do is block them!! Next, sometimes it will call my cell phone, other times it calls my echo dot. It asks you which way you want to call the persons phone. If you want a normal voice call, it works fine. If you want the owner of the echo show to video call you, again sometimes it goes through Amazon and other times it doesn't!  To make a video call, you are supposed to tell it to ""call using amazon devices""  Well, when we tried this, it called my echo dot in Atlanta, while I was standing in my mom's house in Arkansas! Then we tried the same thing again, and my iphone rang like it was supposed to! The when we tried calling my wife's iphone, it asked about calling her phone, or Amazon devices, we chose devices, so..... it called the echo dot! When we say ""call phone"" it is just a dark screen, but we can hear her talk!! There are ZERO instructions and most videos we tried to find were absolutely no help!"	3	August 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We was so excited yo get our echo show 8.  Thinki g now we can be able to connect to or geeni security system and the ringdoor bell.. man o man we was let down on that part. will not connect to the ring doorbell or the geeni security system.  We added all the skills but nothing. Also there seems to always be a beep at exactly 2:50 am every night. Its loud enough to wake you. We have contacted Amazon about it but they are not sure why it does that and the backlighting at night time it so bright u don't need a night light. And for me that a no no because any little light I see I can't sleep. There's no way of dimming it or nothing and it's always on at all times it never sleeps. Over all it's great for the price but still needs a lot of programming. And patience which I dont have so now it just sits unplugged on the dresser. Plus the sound it sounds muffled like if there was something covering the speakers. No happy  at all with this echo show 8 was thinking of getting the echo show 10 but worried it will have the same problems.	3	May 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	While there are some useful tools with the Echo Show 8, after one full year's use I've decided that the frustration with the photo display option overcomes any positive experiences I've had with the Echo Show 8. I've been in touch with tech service, used the forums, and written directly to customer service, all to no avail. Amazon knows there is a problem with photo display and continues to promise to correct it, but never does.1. The Alexa app is supposed to give the option to add whatever photos you want from your Amazon library for continuous rotation on the Echo Show 8 by creating albums and selecting them for display. THIS FEATURE HASN'T WORKED SINCE THE FIRST DAY I RECEIVED THE MACHINE. No matter what options I choose on the Alex App for photos, all I get is a display of random photos from my library.2. I have spent countless hours dealing with tech support and customer service, and no solution has been offered that works. Occasionally I get an email from Amazon saying it's a system wide problem and they are working on it, but after 12 months, they can't resolve it.3. I've tried a factory reset, re-registering the machine, and every other solution offered by Amazon, and none of them work. Random photos from my library keep appearing. I even tried deselecting all the options for photos, and they still continue to appear.4. It seems that I am not alone with this problem. The forums are full of frustrated people experiencing the exact same photo display issues and disappointment with the Echo 8 that I am, and Amazon is either unable to correct the situation or just doesn't care.If this is a manufacturing defect from a specific lot of machines, why doesn't Amazon offer a replacement? And if it's simply a systems/cloud issue, why after a full year can't they make it work?	2	May 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	No photo reviews this time.Brand:  Never used beforeUsefulness: going back and forth on thisHow long in use: 1 monthAssembly: NoneWhy I ordered it: I thought I would be able to play my movies on it. It was small and compact.Price: $$$Impression: This was a bit of a bummer but I am still learning all it can do. The sound quality is great. It appears you can only play amazon items, and it doesn't play Spotify unless you BlueTooth it from your phone.  Also, the free Amazon music sucks.  It did encourage me to try the 30 days free trial of music.  The screen is a good size and the picture quality is great. But, I also can't watch my google play movies on it.  The responses are so-so.  I have shut it off a few times by pressing the on-off button, I guess that is a sleep mode, so it doesn't respond to me.  I changed the name to Echo which is much easier.Buy Again: I would seriously have to think about it.	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It was OK, but it died after 2 years. My older, 1st gen Echo Show is still going strong after 4 years.	3	June 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I really want to like this thing, it sounds great, looks great, works flawlessly for what I use it for. I use it every day, I have routines set up for music and lights, overall I like it, but there is one glaring flaw that everyone has pointed out already, the ads. Its not just the ""try this"" statements any more, those were annoying enough on their own, I saw a full screen add to watch anime on hulu on it yesterday! What the heck amazon, you make enough money off me without trying to shove ads on my bedside clock! I want a clock with alexa and a nice speaker built in, I don't need nor do I want to have a constant demo mode on my product with the ""try this"" statements, and I sure as hell do not want ads on it. And I also want a full screen clock option, instead of this crappy 1 inch clock on a freaking 8 inch screen! I'm keeping it only because it was a gift so I couldn't return it if i wanted to, but honestly with some basic programming and a $30 pi computer I could make a way better echo show, and thats probably what I'm gonna do. Don't listen to the reviews saying anything otherwise, they are paid and promoted because amazon doesn't want all the angry reviews trashing their product on the top. Don't buy this thing"	3	August 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Per chat instructions-Tried loop, playlist, timer, & factory reset =will not play music all night or more than couple hours.	3	June 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	First, my entire home is a smart home , literally. This all started with the first gen echo show, numerous echo dots and taller echos throughout..the hard to find, but still pricey, echo spot performs better...The show 8 doesn’t hear that well  lol  Although it’s in my great room.. I often have to repeat commands and it is frustrating. I’ll tell the echo show 8 to dim the family room lights 50 %, but she will shut them off???Loses connection with my Sony 75 inch Bravia TV abs I hate when she says ‘I don’t understanda’??I’ll be on couch 5 feet from her and ask her something anda second gen echo dot 25 feet away will answer whike this 8 inch is silent.Mr bezos, your price point on the new echo show 10.1” is just ridiculous plus that rotating stand is an option that is well over priced too??? I would not want a device rotating towards my voice and what it can see from your external cameras.I’m in auto industry and am a huge fan. Some products need to be tweaked. The great ‘Henry Ford once said, quote, ‘If you take care of the quality, the volume will take care of it self’	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We bought the Echo Show 8 because we were very please with our Echo Show 5. We use it as an Alexa/bedroom alarm clock. On the 5, we had an option for a full screen clock. I believe MOST users would want a full display clock.For some insane reason, Amazon has decided that only the 5 would get a full screen option. On the 8, you can triple tap the clock, but your first Alexa command will revert it to a small clock.Seriously, most of the comments that I have read are complaints about this very issue. There should be an update to fix it!Well, FIX IT!!!!!	3	January 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I have deducted a couple of stars because of the lack of documentation.  There are several Kindle how-tos's on Amazon, but inclosed documentation is less than what you see in the item description.  It has many great features, but getting everything working right will be frustrating if this is your first Echo/Alexa device.  The first thing is that ""skills"" replaced ""apps"", and you will be disappointed if you are expecting this to look and feel like a touch-screen Android.  Essentially, it is a speaker system (Echo) with added video, controlled by voice (Alexa).  If talking to a computer is good for you, then this would be easily 5-stars if they provided documentation that you could at least print out on a computer.  Many, many features once you figure out how to use them, and the video and sound are outstanding.  Once I was able to add my SiriusXM and Hulu accounts everything is good.  I'm certain there will be many more uses in the future.  Unlike computers that you buy to solve a problem,  an Echo Show provides an ""Easter egg hunt"" to discover what it can do for you, probably many things that you would not expect.  For example, if you whisper to it, it whispers back.  Recommendation: When you buy your Echo Show be sure to order the how-to book at the same time.  You will need it."	3	July 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had a lot of hopes for this. I had an echo dot in my kitchen which I thought was neat but I always had to bring my laptop or tablet into the kitchen if I was making a recipe and was worried about getting food on them. I thought this would be the ideal option. In reality-this to me has just been an echo dot with a screen that is not nearly as useful as it could be. My life/calendar is not integrated with Alexa as the kids use it more than I do but I do use it to tell my iRobot to vacuum-which works about 70%of the time- and to play things on my TV with amazon prime. I do like it also for listening to the news and music, but the echo dot did all that, for much less. I wanted the screen so I could pull up my recipies or new recipes and do cooking stuff and maybe even call people. And this is what it does not do well. It does stuff but you have to figure out the magic words and way you have to ask it to do stuff. My wife told me not to get it and now she just laughs at me as I try to figure out the incantation that will make it work when if it was just an app button or something like that I could tap and move on with my life. Especially since it goes to sleep and then you have to say the correct incantation again to get back to where you were. At the end of the day I guess I wanted an ipad or something similar but I liked alexa better than siri for queries as I want something that responds to verbal instruction. You can video call people,...IF they have these devices,..so not too useful. Facebook/skype are better as can be used on multiple platforms as well as facetime as most friends family have some idevice. Price is good for what it does, I have to acknowledge that. It is so close to exactly what I want but falls frustratingly short. I think I was more satisfied with the dot.	2	October 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I've asked questions but it didn't have the answers,  not as good as my old Google hub"	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I was obsessed with the possibilities with this device. I had gotten the Alexa Dot for free & it sucked me up in this Amazon world. I mean they gave me this assistant for free. I was immensely grateful for such a wonderful gift. I mean they gave it to me for free !!!! It is so handy & valuable. When this echo 8 went to the most affordable cost effective price.  I was like SCORE !!!!!! I had also gotten the Ring doorbell & this would be a great companion. This Echo show on a daily basis I think..... I think this baby is going to make my electric bill go up. I just know it.  I am frustrated ,because this devise has so much promise if only Amazon cared enough. The display is tacky. It’s not a good monitor.  In this day & age when you can get the lowest price Apple phone at a budget price. This screen reminds me of 1982. See sometimes Amazon gives you stuff to get you sucked in their world. They should have given it a little more class ,and forethought. Like you apparently don’t care enough about your customer to give them a good enough experience ,or you simply are a tacky used car salesman. Let us change the display. A little more options. Let us make it in to different clock options. I could be here all day speaking the gospel about this product. It’s just not worth it. The dot was like wooooooooow a little machine can do so much. Even the music out of the dot in the beginning was impressive. Now with this Echo Show 8. Not impressive.  I could break everything down. I don’t have time. Let me say what it does do right........ I can see who’s at my door with Ring very well & its response is faster then Ring’s actual website. I actually think the dot seemed smarter ,and more intuitive. I just keep thinking about my electric bill ,because this devise might not be worth the electric bill.	2	February 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have lots of Alexas around a big house.  I really only use them to play music throughout the house, turn the lights on and off and check the weather.  That's a good thing because She does not work for much else.  I'm balancing by check book in the kitchen and this example just happened.Me:  Alexa, what's 139 plus 282.KITCHEN Alexa:  This might answer your question.  The Zibabwe government consists of... blah, blah.Me:  Alexa, shut up!DINING ROOM Alex:  Sorry, I'm having trouble connecting with Direct TV.This kind of example is all the time.  At first, I guess it was somewhat funny.If they weren't good for whole house music - I never would have bought more than one.  And that one would have probably been returned or used for target practice.  I was born here and speak perfect English.	2	May 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	If your main reason for buying the Echo 8 is a bigger screen, go for it.  It does that about as well as you would expect.  Everything else, except perhaps sound quality, puts it behind the Echo 5 in terms of quality and extras.The screen, while larger, seems a bit washed out to me, compared to the 5. You have far fewer customization options in terms of clock faces and backgrounds.  You would expect better sound quality given the larger cabinet and (presumably) larger speaker. But it's really not that much better. Marginally perhaps.Also, since it has a bigger screen and the same wedge form factor as the 5, the entire device is much much larger, which might not make it suitable in places where space is at a premiumI wanted it mainly for the kitchen, for calling up recipes, which are easier to see, with less scrolling, than on the smaller Echo 5 screen. Mission accomplished there, although it is so large, it barely fits where I wanted to put. And was a bit disappointed at all the other downgrades.One upside it it seems to handle wakeup better than the 5. Not sure why but the 5 always seemed a bit hard of hearing.  Perhaps because I have so many other Alexa devices scattered about the house and they were all fighting for control. The whole ESP thing that is supposed to make the closest one respond didnt work very well with the 5. This one is very responsive unless there is a lot of ambient noise.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I thought this was great to have in our home. However, it recently stopped working. We have made sure no missing updates, we have reset (including factory reset) and it just stays on the Amazon logo. Our warranty for replacement expired only 2 months ago. I’m not going to purchase another Echo Show or any other Echo product. Why waste money when it stops working just after replacement expires? I’ll integrate another network for the smart switches in my home.	3	March 12, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon has had a couple years now to fix this thing, and they just don't.  The temperature on the home screen is horribly wrong, if it even shows.  Glitches abound.  Blink kinda sorta works, but the blink doorbell doesn't fully work.  And just like all the other echo devices, this thing is a chatterbox in US english mode.  I switched it England English and it's better, but some things are disabled when you do that.  The mentioned issues were before I switched languages, btw, and continue.  All settings are correct, it still bugs out from time to time.  Amazon should FIX this stuff rather than pushing the BS 'by the way' Alexa response to almost every interaction.	3	November 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have one of these for myself, I bought one for my elderly mother as a gift. I thought she’d enjoy asking Alexa to play music while photos of her grandchild played as a slideshow.I wish I hadn’t, because new items will pop up on the screen, such as “daily insights,” replacing the photos I had uploaded. These are forced into the product without asking permission, and it is incredibly complicated to turn them off, so she has to put up with them until I visit her, which can be months later.Also, instead of playing music, Alexa will often say, “by the way,” and ramble off some useless nonsense. There is no way to turn off that function.	2	July 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	If having a photo display is important to you, DO NOT BUY THIS!I am extremely disappointed with this product. I bought this for my wife for Christmas so she could have an electronic picture display. We use Amazon Echo devices, so the thought was that this would serve dual purposes. I soon found out this would not be the case.There are no settings to change the clock display. It mainly shows the bigger clock you can see in the first photo. Every once in awhile it will change to the smaller clock you can see in the second photo (no rhyme or reason to it; same photo will sometimes have the big clock and sometimes the smaller one). The smaller clock is the one I want because the bigger clock covers up a quarter of the photos.This got even more upsetting when I started searching for answers online. I thought I had to be missing something and that there must be a way to change the display settings of the clock. I was alarmed to find forum after forum filled with complaints about not being able to change the clock display. Some people want the clock to be full screen so they can see it better. Some, like me, want the clock to be smaller so it doesn't cover the photos. What's more unsettling is that the Echo Show 5 had options to change the clock display. Then, for some unknown reason, Amazon decided to take those options away for the Echo Show 8. Makes no sense to me!This device serves the Amazon Echo function fine and the sound quality is excellent. If music is all you want this for, then it might be ok.Versatility isn't great. If you want to be able to to the screen so you can see it best you need to buy the adjustable base which is sold separately and kind of exclamations for what it is.If you have no desire to display photos, this decide could be nice. However, if you would like to have a sideshow of photos for your viewing pleasure, do not purchase this. You will be disappointed like I was.	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I just don't really get what all the hype is about. Seems like a lot of money for what it is. I was hoping to be able to use it for video calls and basically use it like a tablet that has good sound but there doesn't appear to be anywhere to install apps or anything to make it more useful. Our house is not and probably never will be a ""smart"" house so won't use it for that either..."	3	March 1, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"My friend got me a dot as a gift and I thought it was kinda neat so I upgraded to the Show. It's junk.The volume defaults back to a very low setting every night, so I have to turn it back up every day. Changing the setting in the Alexa app has not fixed it.""By the way"" its a fun way Alexa adds an add after pretty much everytime you use it. ""By the way, did you know you can buy stuff?"" Yah, I knew.Audio quality is average, nothing special. Not terrible.In short I basically paid Amazon to install an advertising machine in my home. But its gone into the trash as of this review."	3	December 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Let me start off by saying that me and my kids love all of our alexa and echo devices. As for the show, I love the ability to display rotating pictures of my kids all day. As for the voice recognition, as with all alexa devices, its only okay. They still have troubles with basic functions - like finding a song. We will say a song, and it will find it, no problem. Then the next day, it won't be able to find the song. I will ask it what it thinks I said, and it will say what I said - yet still no song. As for the sound quality, the show is rather disappointing. However, my main gripe with these devices is that you can only choose from 4 wake up words. And since I have a daughter whose name is very simular to Alexa, that leaves us with only 3 choices, and honestly you can't make it computer since that word is said in everyday conversation regularly. Amazon could be used in certain rooms, but its ridiculous that there aren't 10-20 or 50+ choices for the wake word. This can't be hard to program. So while me and my kids will certainly continue to enjoy these devices, there is so much room for improvement its crazy. Maybe someday....	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Just received my Echo Show 8, set up was basically the same as an Echo Show 5, however, there is differences when it comes to the menu and options, I liked the addition of optional photos to chose from but the option to have the day/date on the screen is gone, who would do that, also there is no options for making the time fonts bigger/smaller.  Would be nice also if you could change the font colors. The speed at which the pictures rotate is much to fast, at least for me, maybe more options would be nice like an hour or 2-3-4 or even as long as a day, have a different picture every morning.  The size is nice but without being able to enlarge the fonts .. well .. would be nice for people that can't see real well. Overall I like it but needs some fine tuning as far as options especially for the price.  Another thing is I really don't need Alexa telling me to try and do things all day long I mean come on, how about an opt out button.Update;  12/12/2019I had two brand new Echo Show 5's that got sent back for fixing after dealing/chatting with Amazon customer service several times over a two week period because picture rotation would freeze along with a couple other glitches that occurred now and then and got sent back two refurbished/renewed Show 5's, my point here is that my brand new Echo Show 8 is doing the exact same thing, so instead of going through the whole customer service fiasco again I'm just returning it while I still can and not getting another one.  Another thing I noticed that I disliked after using it for a few days was when you set a timer the numbers are nice and big with a count down, but after just a couple seconds the timer shrinks down to where you'd have to be inches away to read it.Maybe, just maybe when gen-2 Echo 8 comes out I may revisit it, but they need to make some major changes.	2	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	As of time of speaking Facebook does not work. And also love this as a Bluetooth speaker but as a tv whole thing not really useful. Recipes and stuff are all touch based and not really handy. Same technology on your phone. But good speaker. 5/5 speaker. But not the best in actual functionality. Very disapointed. This is after a year a usage. Thanks hope you keep making this technology better	2	August 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased this as a gift for an elderly parent going into assisted living.  I can't go in to support the tech side of this which is the main issue. I set it up, sought out all the information I could about how to set it up so that myself and my siblings aka Grannys kids, could make video calls to her.  Since we are in COVID-19 lockdown, I am getting nightmare security issues trying to log into the account for the device.  My siblings can't get past the verification, and reverification process which disables the video calling features that this was purchased for.  Folks, it would go a long way to allow family members and contacts for the Echo Show to be l to able to make video calls into it from their smart phones without having to be signed into the Amazon account associated with the device.  It's a  poorly designed system when this was one of the advertized features.  Who knew Covid would prevent family members from going into the assisted living places to help resolve these issues but for the money put out, just have Granny get a smart phone.  Even though she won't be able to run it, at least it will take your call without having to log between my amazon account and hers. Yes, I called customer service. No, it didn't help.	3	June 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It takes time and I have to scream to have it respond. Unlike all my other echos who were previously in the same spot.	2	October 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It’s cool but I’m glad I got it on sale because it’s not all it’s worked up to be	3	May 29, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I got this as a Christmas gift from my son. It was a way to connect during my isolation during the pandemic. I am housebound and now I could talk to my son, watch things, listen to music. I cried with joy. He also set it up so that my wallpaper would be seasonal, so that I could feel 'part of the outdoors, part of the world'. I used it every day all day from Christmas until now.I would have given five stars.  However in the past couple of weeks my day is interrupted with an ugly brown screen with ""Alexa For Your Day"" nags. I have turned off all notifications, turned off Home Content options and still it comes on. I am in my 60's, so for it to tell me to ""Play Children's Music"" or ""Add this to my grocery shopping list"" or any other inane suggestion has transformed my beautiful gift into a spam machine. I at least have the option to remove spam from my email. There is NO option to turn off this ridiculous and intrusive Alexa spam.  It has completely ruined my Echo Show experience.  I called customer service, and was told that this cannot be turned off.  If I can turn off notifications, why can't I turn off THIS useless stupid spam?  I am so disappointed. I COULD turn it off completely, unplug it, but then I miss calls from my son.  Thank you Alexa For Your Day developers for ruining one of the most thoughtful gifts (especially during this time) that I ever received.  I am sure if my son realized he was giving me a torture device he would have thought of another gift.  I am currently chair bound, so I cant even get away from this.  Shame on you."	2	March 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Some settings are in the app others not and are only on the display, makes no sense. Vertical pics display over a blurry version of themselves, 2 pictures side by side would be much better. Ok other than that.	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I was an early adopter of Amazon's smart speakers and am by no means a hater - my review of the Echo glasses remains the top positive review on Amazon's site.  But my frustration with the integration failures of the Echo devices I own - Echo Show 8, Echo Show 5, Echo Spot, and Echo Dot (in addition to my glasses) - has reached the boiling point.  The problem is this: I will issue a command to one device, only to have another of my devices carry it out.  For example, this morning, I asked the Echo Show 8 in my kitchen to play NPR.  Nothing happened.  Instead, the Echo Dot in my wife's office - on another floor of the house, and which has a different wake word - played NPR and would NOT respond to my wife's repeated commands asking it to stop.  Nor would it respond to the commands I issued to the Echo Show 8 in the kitchen.  We ended up having to unplug both devices to get them to shut up.This was not just annoying; it disrupted a work meeting at the most inopportune time.I wish this was a one-off.  I have, however, contacted Amazon about this problem on at least three separate occasions.  On the first two occasions, they had me call their help desk, which had me do the obvious things that I had already done and which were completely ineffective.  Worse, the help people were clearly reading a script without much understanding of what they were saying.  On the third occasion - and after I had noted the failure of the two previous occasions - they simply ignored my request for assistance.In addition to the disruption and annoyance this problem presents, it poses real privacy concerns.  How are these devices communicating with each other if a command issued to one gets carried out by another?I have already begun migrating to Google Home.  It will be my smart speaker of choice going forward.Update (09/12/21): I asked the device in my kid's room to read him a story, only to have the story read aloud from a device in another part of the house entirely.  Brilliant.	1	September 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"IO have had the Echo Show 2nd Gen and the Echo Show 5 for a while now but never tried the Drop feature until I bought 4 of these to use to monitor an XT2 outdoor camera system I also just bought.I will be returning them and if that's not possible, I will smash them.  They are useless as the video takes forever to focus and the audio is filled with the NOISE of FEEEEEEDBACK.  My internet speed for these devices is at 250 Mbps  so that's not the problem.  I have turned the volume down and still get NOISE, so that's not the problem.  They work fine for music but not as an intercom.  I have posted questions but while people try to help, so far nothing and I appreciate their trying.Amazon?  Have not heard anything from them.  I may try calling or chatting as this is a real let down and as I said, I will return or SMASH these as I am not happy at all.  I got mad enough at Alexa's inability to learn my freaking voice that I cancelled the music right away.  I retuned and it's acceptable but really?  Video drop in SUCKS. I don't give an intercourse if it plays a movie fine, I don't want to watcha  film on a 5"", 8"" or 10"" screen, I have a modest home theater setup for that!Amazon, a little genuine help would be appreciated.  Thank you!Well, other than a very polite person via CHAT, Amazon hasn't addressed the awful feedback on these units.  I have to turn them almost all the way DOWN just to hope against hope that stupid noise isn't so painful.  I am DISGUSTED.  I had hopes for these as monitors for the Blink cameras but even more as intercoms.  Because of a handicap, I fall down a bit and I had hoped I could use these to summon help with my home.  Nope.The audio via the Drop feature SUCKS.  SUCKS  big time.  I'd be better served by one of those LifeAlert things...""Help, I've fallen and can't giddyup!""I guess this is normal with a connection speed of 250+ Mbps...Ridiculous."	2	April 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The main reason I purchased this was to make video calls with somebody else. That had one already. Unfortunately, That never worked out for us to Do. So I have no idea if that worked properly or not or the quality. However, most of my home Is set up Smart. The lighting the thermostat. The air conditioner. Many things. So having an alternate Way to control Said home Seems like would be a good idea. I mean, what if  Googles down for some reason? Upon actually trying to use. Alexa To do things. I found Most of the time I got answers like. I'm sorry I don't know anything about that. Whether it was a question or to control a device. I also often got Told that that device did not support that function. Turn on the kitchen light. Didn't support that. So I'd have to say hey, Google, And my command. Google did it no problem. So I know the device was working. Simple questions Would either get answers That you're irrelevant To what I asked. Or response that She didn't know anything about that. Try to play music. It wants you to purchase. In order to listen or you can listen to their stations or their shuffle. Of random stuff that prime members get free, I guess. Within an hour you have listened to the whole list and it loops back. Alexa constantly suggesting you may want to purchase. Or a question it thinks you may want to ask that you really don't care about. If you receive a package. At 11:00 AM. Alexa will inform you that the package was delivered. Sometime after 9:00 PM. Often after I have already. Unpacked and started using the item. Then it will continue to tell you. Get the item had been delivered. For the next three days. If you try to tell it to dismiss that notification. It tells you the notification doesn't exist. The only thing I have found For it to do well. Set a timer. So I now have. a $70 voice-activated kitchen timer In waiting to get to use the FaceTime ability. I passed the window. To return the item. So now will be sending it back on the recycling program. For which you only get half the money back.	1	August 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	After years of using the regular Echo's from the cylinders to the pucks, was excited to try the video version.Am surprised that the voice recognition has not gotten better. Repeatedly having to say the Alexa wake word is getting old.Compared to the non-video Echo's, this is a clear step back for voice assistants, no matter the location this Show 8 doesn't hear the Alexa summons  ⅓ of the time when being queried.You literally have to stand next to it for your success rate to be closer to 67% or if the room is in total silence.Else, the video integration with the Ring cams is pretty smooth & entertainment content is always readily available.But disappointing that almost 10 years after  the initial Echo was introduced, the Show 8 can't do the simple ask & answer task.	3	September 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I could not for the life of me figure out the video calling. I tried connecting directly from the device and from the app but I kept getting the error message to go to settings and enable video. I did just that but still not able to video. I kept the device anyway.	3	April 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have the original DOT and it still does everything that I ask of it.  I got the Echo Show 8 for the video because I wanted to put pictures on it and also to have it mesh with my Ring so that I can see who is at the front door.  That's probably the most important reason that I bought it because we live in a 2nd floor walkup condo.  We needed to see who is at the front door.  While I am not dissatisfied with the Echo Show 8, it still won't do some of the things that I need.  For example, I still can't get it to talk to the Ring device.  It also won't coordinate music with my original DOT.  It says it sees it on the home website, but it won't work through it.  Finally, it won't play most of the music channels that the original DOT plays.  It keeps trying to take me to stations full of commercials.  I would say it's not very user friendly.  I readily admit that I'm an old fart who may not know what he's doing, but since they advertise it as so easy that anyone can use it...	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	A quality made product, however, if you don’t want to have the phrase:  “Try, Alexa..”. over your photos in a giant font don’t buy this product.  You are stuck with almost fullscreen print over your home screen and are not able to modify in the settings.  I called customer service and they told me it’s how it is.  I’m gonna keep mine though.  If you want to view full screen photos without amazon marketing over at least 1/3 and often more than 1/3 of the screen you need to verbally tell Alexa every time you use it to display photos.  Apple are more expensive for a reason because the end user is not forced into how to customize the product.  One does get used to it a little but then it ends up coming full screen printed font over your favorite photo and it reminds you why amazon sells you the product for so little.Dear Amazon, please let the users change be homescreen settings to not include the Alexa suggestions, and also please do not contact me regarding this revied.  Change the firmware and then I will pull down the review.It’s a fun gadget and has a nice screen and good sound quality for its size, which is great for photos but you need to tell Alexa 20 times a day to display them manually if you want to see them fullscreen as it’s not a setting you can change.	3	December 8, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Well I can't tell you how many hours I've spent on the phone to places like India.  My issue was to delete an album that we didn't put on our Echo and I changed my service to only one device I can't add a song on my computer nor delete a song.  Finally yesterday I talked for over 2 hours to a person in India and he finally got my issue fixed.  The main issue is if you don't pay $9.99 per month and choose the $4.99 option you can't do much.  Not willing to spend more money, so the agent setup Amazon music on my phone.  Not really happy with Alexa.  I've been since March of 2022 getting my issue fixed and hours on the phone.	2	June 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We have used similar products allowing us to communicate with Alexa. We knew before we ordered sometimes she doesn't understand what we say and realize we talk too fast. Or, a general question she isn't sure. The following is a review of this item on this item only and not shortcomings of Alexa.We purchased this to go with the Ring doorbell. Hookup was easy, the ability to see who is at the door is great and like the ability to know when packages arrive to bring them in. The sound quality is awful. We listen to music instead of watching TV when doing our daily routine. Neither of us have fine tuned ears that can differentiate between expensive speakers and those that are cheaper. However, the volume on this echo goes from loud to very soft without anyone touching the controls. The worse part is the sound is so poor the music seems to be coming through wax paper.Our solution is to use this device for the ring doorbell only and not to use it for music. The sound quality when asking a question is fine, but not to play music.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Doesn't work as smoothly as I’d hoped. Plays song on my daughters phone when I selected a song on Spotify and my daughter lives 29 min from me and therefore was not on the same network. Keeps trying to get me to play tik tok app when I don't have a tik tok account. In summary, Im still getting use to it. Still Trying to work out the kinks.	3	March 1, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I now hate this device (as well as my Echo 5).I purchased both devices to display my images and to have Alexa integration. I am a Prime member and liked the convenience of knowing when Amazon packages had been delivered and that I could place orders so easily whilst displaying MY pictures.Amazon has overtaken MY screen’s real estate with their own intrusive screens added. The last update to the (now worthless) unit added an ugly grey screen with outlines of pictures added (every eight images) and every three images now has an “Alexa for your day” screen, too.These setting CANNOT be toggled off. I Googled for the information and learned that the forced update included these unwanted screens and an Amazon employee (on the Amazon forum I was reading) confirmed you could not opt out of the gray screen OR “Alexa for your day.”I called Amazon and the customer service rep I spoke with confirmed the same thing. The last update pushed the advertisement screens (and there is no way to opt out now OR in the future).I paid for both of these devices to display MY images and Amazon has now hijacked the real estate space I PAID FOR.So now (instead of updating both units to the Echo Show 10 as I had planned) I am selling both units.Amazon has gone too far. When I purchase an electronic item *I* should be able to decide what is displayed *on the item I purchased!*I didn’t pay to have Amazon force THEIR content onto the screen I paid good money for.Their forced content screens are ugly and frequent...so both devices will be sold. Never again will I purchase an electronic assistant from Amazon.(Amazon, I suggest you sell your Echos in an Ad Free version AS WELL AS a forced ad version as you do with your Kindle. However, when I purchased THIS item [and the Echo 5] your ads SPECIFICALLY STATED that I was in control of what would be displayed on my Echo units. And I was. Until this last update when you decided to greedily overtake the real estate space—that I paid for—with YOUR ads instead of MY pictures. You could have had more money from me. Instead, I’ll be purchasing a different device from one of your competitors.)	1	May 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Update 01/26/2022:  The performance continues to decline.  They're worse at recognizing my voice than they were when I bought them, and they CONSTANTLY answer to the TV instead.  Also they are cramming in more advertising on-the-fly, like when you ask for music that's NOT Amazon music, it often goes on to tell you how wonderful Amazon Music is and why you should buy it instead of what you actually asked for.  Finally, the Plex functionality is beautiful when it works - which is about 5% of the time.  I've had it work for weeks at a time, then suddenly not function at all.  It calls up the Plex screen but no music plays.  However, the server says it's sending the music, so I'm guessing it's getting hung up somewhere in Amazon's server zoo.  (Not a server farm, because farm critters WORK, zoo animals just laze about like Amazon servers.)  To say I'm disappointed would be an understatement, and I'm re-weighing the pros-and-cons of going to Google instead, since they now have a comparable device.Oh, and you may notice these ""people"" have now added an advertisement to your shopping list!  SURPRISE!  I swear, if you sit on a park bench for long, some Amazon advertising executive will plaster a sign on your back!  It's beyond ridiculous.  It's pathetic.---ORIG REVIEW: I love the Echo.  I have an 8 and two 5's, and they basically run my house.  But there is a LOT of stuff you have to turn off on the home screen (assuming you don't want it, which I don't!)  I did all that.  So for month, it's been working well, showing my a clock and my nice photos.  Lovely!However, Amazon has recently FORCED another screen on us called ""For Your Day"" which takes over your screen periodically, is ugly as heck, and serves no purpose whatsoever.  I have mine set up to act as clocks with my photos on them, and then this butt-ugly crap pops up and THERE'S NO WAY TO DISABLE IT.  Needless to say, I'm not so happy with it now, and I'm seriously considering dumping the devices and putting in Google Hubs instead.  If this had been on the devices when I got them, I probably would have sent them back."	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The name was misleading as it doesn’t integrate with other echos. Didn’t like the ads but do like the screen quality and functions.	3	May 20, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have two of these shows.  I only rate 2 stars on voice recognition and 1 star on sound quality because my first one has issues. When I give it commands half the time it doesn’t respond or it locks up and starts playing in a loop (repeats itself) and I have to reboot. When I ask it to play music, 75% of the time it sounds like a tin box, requiring a reboot to fix it. It had some other issues last November but they seem to be resolved. I’ve contacted Amazon a handful of times, state my issues, then I’m asked to wait a moment, then they don’t come back. Last time I let my phone sit there waiting while watching a movie, an hour later still no response, I texted hello, any one there? Waited then texted again...nothing. So if you have warranty, Amazon doesn’t come through on it. Such a waste of money.My second one is great. Has a blip here and there as expected, but nothing like my first one.Amazons electronic customer service is a joke. They do not hold up to their products and don’t honor warranty.Purchase at your risk.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not integrating well. Looks like I’m going to have a lot of work ahead of me reconnecting devices that are working well with my other echo devices. Really disappointed.	3	May 14, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Setup of this device is the most complicated thing ever.  I'm relatively tech-savvy, but every.single.step required a search and looking through several instructions to make it happen.  I tried setting this device up without parental controls, and then with parental controls, and both were extremely cumbersome but especially when parental controls were enabled.  The Alexa app has to be used for setup, and it is not intuitive at all how to setup and add kids, and how the various parental control features work.  Hours and hours and hours to set up this device, and it still only barely did what I wanted it to.  Several apps and functions didn't work.  It was almost impossible to get people connected for calling through the App (and even then, only half of them worked).  I never could get Hulu to work, though Netflix finally did.  YouTube only works as a browser, and that is disabled with PC.  I wanted to have a photo slide show displayed as the homescreen, but even after working through help menus, it wouldn't work.  There is a workaround to get one photo album, but even then you have to ask Alexa to play the photo album, there is no way to have it display on the homescreen as a slideshow.I would never recommend this device to anyone.  There is nothing user-friendly about it.  I've given it away to a friend and will never use one again.	1	May 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I'll address specifics in a bit. Overall, this thing is mediocre.  Sure, I could return it, but it's a hassle and functions just enough for me to avoid that. But, if I'd known before I bought it what I know now, I'd have gone with the Nest versionGood aspects:. The screen size is nice for the functions it has. Not too big, not too small.  It weighs enough to be stable, but not cumbersome.Set-up was less than easy. It requires much more specific verbiage than the Nest. It also requires turning on a lot of options in the Alexa app before they'll function.  You also cannot use the Amazon Kids setup in addition to the adult one. You have to pick one. And for the love of all that is good, the endless ""try this"" suggestions are unwanted, not helpful and overbearing. I've made repeated attempts at turning it off. It is unbelievably irritating. So Amazon, if you're reading this, take that off!!!The sound quality was better than I expected. The video quality is pretty standard. No complaints thereWe have d-link cameras that are supposed to be compatible. They weren't.If you're Alexa loyal, go for it. Want a better product? Go with the Nest."	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought this for a ""smart"" $55 photo frame.The Alexa functions work great. Sound is also good. My issue is playing photos as wallpaper in the background. I have it playing my amazon photos. It seems to at random pause for an hour. When i mess with it it will start up again. I will continue to mess with it but I had high hopes it will just change photos every 6 seconds till the end of time like a regular photo frame.Again, the Alexa part works great."	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Now I like the product to say the least however hooking the system up to the blink the wyze or other smart home devices is lacking - I have had it a week and still retained trouble with setup. The control panel is janky to say the least and not easy to understand for the average person. navigation is really not available freely but in a set of predetermined paths taking away the freedom to really learn the services and options without some hassle. needs some improvement my grandparents shouldn't have issues using this as much as they have.	2	July 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I like the pictures that are included in the, Nature, group.  Having time and temp visible at all times in nice.  My units down-sides are; full screen not showing when attempting to make audio/video calls, touch screen needs tapping and multiple press and drag-downs to open settings and to leave ""things that Alexa can do"", the sound quality is no better than other 2 ""Alexa Echo"" that I own (it reminds me of someone talking with a rag packing their cheeks.  I admit that my purchase is a used, 1 generation model.  For $40 more, I could have purchase the generation 2 but, I thought that I would ""test the waters"" on this one....I'm sorry that I did."	3	November 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We bought this echo show over the holidays whenn it went on special. While we knew there was a newer model out, the deal was pretty good and we decided to purchase the show 8 1st gen. While it is good, it does lag some. We've never had these issues with out echo dots so wondering if it's why a newer model was released to correct this issues... regardless its a great product, just us being picky based off our other echo devices/experiences. If you are able to I would recommend purchasing the newer models instead.	3	December 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Just received my echo show last week. The sound quality is decent but one of the main reasons I purchased the echo 8 was to have the home-screen play a slideshow of family photos. The problem is that a large digital clock appears on the bottom left hand side of the screen. The clock obscures about 25% of the picture. According to tec support there is no setting to remove, relocate or reduce the size of the clock. So if you plan to show slideshows on your device, the echo show is not for you.  I’ll be returning mine.	2	July 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"While Alexa is great in some ways, it plays my podcasts, will turn on my TV (firestick) and plays the show I want, even opening the proper app. IE I say play ""Attack on Titan"" it opens Hulu and takes me to the spot where I left off. I can even tell it to turn off my TV and it will do it! However, it is SORELY lacking when it comes to YouTube. I can tell it to play the EXACT video on YouTube I want and I get ""Here's what I found"" which means I have to walk across the room to it and touch the screen to watch what I want. WTF???!!! If I tell you to play something very specific (like everything else) on YouTube, JUST PLAY IT! I didn't ask for a list, I didn't want a list, and even if I get it, and I say, ""Play the first video on the list"" I STILL get ""Here's what I found."" JUST PLAY what I want!! You do it for 90% of what I ask for, why is YouTube such an issue? Fix it and download the fix to all current Alexas!!!"	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This product is really nice to have - it looks great and the music always sounds great when playing. However, it does seem to act weird at some points. It won’t come on when asked to, and it even starts randomly playing. Besides those troubles, I do think it’s a really nice concept. I just wish those weren’t such a big problem.	3	March 3, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Great sound quality. It was almost as good as a Bose. Video was good and alexa worked well too. But, It was highly disappointing when the device just suddenly stopped working a couple months after the 1yr warranty ended. So, if all you get is 1 year of use, it's not worth the money in my opinion.	3	March 14, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	In my household we try to limit or children on the amount of screen time they have. After getting the show for my wife's kitchen I have now caught my children sneaking in the middle of the night to watch youtube videos. There is no way to lock it down easily. I would like to see Amazon create a feature to lock down the screen with a passcode or be able to lock it down. The only way I have been able to lock it down is to set that device up every night as an Amazon Kids Device and assign it to a child of mine. Then use the Parent Portal to limit a time frame on when its locked down. Then when I wake up I have to disable that feature so my wife can use it normally. Its annoying and I think this problem should be addressed by Amazon. There are a lot of us that are having this issue.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Aside from the boomy quality of the sound, the worst aspect of the Show is the limited set of skills compared to other smart assistants. Ask Alexa to show you albums by an artist and it will display a selection of popular ones, but want to know what songs are on those albums? Good luck, that's too much for the Show. You'd think tapping on the icon of each album cover would be enough, but no, you have to fire up the Prime Music app on your phone for that. It's just one example of the shortsighted programming of this device. Want a large timer up on the screen the entire time you use it? Not possible. The Show will display the timer for only a few seconds then shrinks it so it can show other information on the screen.  That's good if you are watching a show at the same time or do not need the timer to be readable while it runs, but would an option to pin the timer be so hard to implement? Google Home has not problem with it.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I wanted this because I loved my Echo Dot, and I love my digital picture frame.  So I figured this would be the best of both worlds.  However,  I cant seem to get them to realize my wanting to see my pictures doesn't mean I want suggestions of things I want to try every between every two to three pictures, and I absolutely don't need a time stamp that takes up almost half the picture at times.  I've gone online and asked question, only to find out that this is not adjustable at this time.... and I don't think I want to wait until it is.  For a while I thought I had it done, then this week, the ""suggestions"" started back up.In the last month or so it won't stay on.  The music will stop playing, and the screen goes black, I turned off the light sensor and set the screen time to stay on from 6am until midnight, but as I sit at my desk and type this it happened again.  I've reset it 3 times and I'm done.  I'm not sure I want to trade up though and pay hundreds of dollars to have this happen again.  Its not the device, I firmly believe its a programming issue as it was not doing this until a couple months ago when a ""update"" went out.  Add that to the fact that the time covers most of my pictures and it's just not worth it.  I really don't want to go to Google, but my daughter has one, and her screen shows ONLY HER PICTURES"	2	April 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I have the echo show 5 and liked it well, except for the tiny screen and placement of the speaker (on the bottom so its muffled all the time???) So I figured the 8 was alot bigger screen and would have new and better features.  It's just kind of a bigger screen is all. It's really heavy, so using the ""outlet shelves"" they make for these would end up snapping the cheap plastic they are made from. It was just....disappointing I guess and I'm a huge ECHO everything and smart home owner slowly in the making anyways. It definitely integrates with the smart plugs, lights and other well as I can see so far. Even did great integration with my new Roombas robot vacuum I got over xmas. I don't know, if I were someone who was looking at this, I'd wait for the newer one or one after cause the 5 (liked but NEVER completely worked right)and the 8 is nothing spectacular  just costs more. I'll be trading mine 5 and 8 for something new, not sure if I'm going to stick with the Alexa echos or jump to Google or apple. Going to have to compare first."	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"This thing works fine for me except for one recurring issue.  The sound quality out of the Echo becomes oddly distorted and garbled after I disconnect my Bose Mini Soundlink Bluetooth speaker from the Echo.  The Alexa voice continues to sound perfectly normal but any streamed audio like radio.com or Amazon music sounds like it is being played under water and at a much lower volume.  If I turn on my Bluetooth speaker again, it automatically reconnects and starts to output the streaming audio that sounds perfectly fine.  The issue is the Echo audio.  Changing the Echo's audio equalizer settings have no effect on the sound once this distortion starts.  It is like the equalizer DSP has crashed inside the Echo.  When the Echo audio is working normally, the equalizer also works as expected.The only way to remedy this is to unplug the Echo for at least 30 seconds then power it back on.  Note that I called this a ""remedy"" and not a ""fix"" since a power cycle only restores the Echo to working state but the underlying root cause of the issue remains.  The issue happens quite frequently - not every time. But, this problem didn't start happening until mid-December 2020.  I don't see an easy way to provide feedback and get support from Amazon so I'm sharing my experience here.  I'm a former embedded systems programmer and this surely sounds like a firmware issue and not a failed hardware issue.There have been plenty of other reports of this same type of garbled sound from other Echo users.  I'm hoping enough people have this issue and complain to get Amazon to finally take notice and fix their product.Cheers."	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I'm all-in on Echo devices -- have more than 10 Echo devices.  This one is likely being returned.  Here is why:- Consistently loses signal for music.  the main reason I have so many devices is for music.  the Dots are more reliable.  This often needs restart, and interrupts the ""Play everywhere"". Music just stops. or it never starts.- Poor voice recognition - does not work as well as dots or 2nd Gen echo on hearing and understanding voice.  (it is in the same location  where used to have a 2nd Gen Echo)- Annoying / useless suggestions at the bottom - I have no use for them.  they suggest things I'll never do or already know how to do.  Waste of screen space.  At least have an option to turn off.  You'll see this is a VERY common complaint.- Not very intelligent / useful screen selections - seldom has what I need, slow to show what I ask, etc.- New(?) notification - not long after I started using this, I started getting alert tones and all the echo devices in my house would have a yellow ring.  That means I have a notification.  when i check the notification, it's often something I don't want or is not helpful.  Today it was asking me to review a purchase I made weeks ago.  If it is going to do that for every purchase, it will be nonstop because I buy a lot.  When I said ""Alexa, never show me this again"", it babbled on about not being able to do that, I needed to log in blah, blah, etc.  Just to not do what I never asked it to do.- Unable to stereo pair with other speaker devices -- Even Dot's do this.  I'm better off replacing with Dots... will have better sound in a large room.what it is useful for:- showing my full shopping list when asked- showing me my security cameras.  Though there is a delay, so it's only marginally better than using phone.- (maybe) showing the song and artist of music playing.  i say ""maybe"", as it's not really that useful.That's about it.Overall, I don't see the value in the Show, it performs worse than simpler devices, and is annoying."	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This is my second, the first worked great until it completely died. This one I have to repeat myself or  scream at it at times to get it to “listen.” Maybe I received something with some bugs, because my first one worked beautifully	3	April 7, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I've got a number of Alexa-enabled devices in my home, most recently a Show 5 and a Show 8.  I mainly bought these for voice control of my home automation setup but also the timer features are useful for cooking.But I have two major complaints...First, I've got the Show 8 in one room and the Show 5 in another.  And within the last few months, unless I'm within a few feet of the Show 8, the Show 5 in the other room responds.  Almost.  Every.  Time.  Obviously some firmware update that had some other purpose but managed to break the coordination between devices that's supposed to be happening.  ANNOYING!Second, that ridiculous ""try this"" scroll on the bottom of the home screen and lack of whole screen clock.  But I guess there's been enough said about that on other posts...UPDATE:Reducing from 3 to 2 stars as didn't realize I hadn't posted 2 stars first time.More context on my first issue (wrong device responding to voice commands), I know that the Show 5 and Show 8 are aware of each other as, for example, when I'm in the same room as the Show 8 and trying to control a timer, the Show 5 (in the other room) is the one that responds and is able to control the timer on the Show 8 (I'm having to specify which device the timer needs to run on, which is VERY ANNOYING).  Perhaps my Show 8 is just a faulty device?  I suppose, but seems strange that it worked fine for a while then started doing this almost continuously.  But I guess it could be an issue with this specific device as opposed to some overall design fault (i.e., somehow microphone degraded, etc. and now it thinks I'm farther away than I am and that the Show 5 is closer because it ""hears"" me better).  I certainly hope it's not because the Show 5 is just faster to the punch and a superior product..."	2	May 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	No me agrado, porque la pantalla nunca se apaga además siempre tiene problema cuando le das un orden mientras que las demás alexas funciona mucho mejor,Siento que se vas a hacer un inversión así la hagas por la generación 2nunc	2	September 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Calling between these devices is always an issue I bought several of these as gifts for family members and the video/ sound quality is garbage. It doesn't even work great locally in my house from upstairs and downstairs. I'm a network engineer and have designed two of the networks in question and I'm positive it's not the networks fault, but probably the wireless capability of the device its self.My other two gripes are this is a Alexa device and i should be able to fully manage my Alexa equipment and features from one of these. In my mind it should have all of the features of the mobile app. It clearly doesn't.I've witnessed Google homes work flawlessly crystal clear and super high quality.Also I recently added a IOT wireless vlan to my home network. I. Officially have 7 Alexa devices in my household.I should be able to change my wifi for all of my Alexa devices from one location not manually using three different methods across the various devices. I value being security concious and using super complex passwords and changing them frequent enough to make sure I'm rotating through them on a certain intervals. This makes being security focused unnecessarily inconvenient and time consuming.I might have to see if there is an Amsible playbook so I can automate all of this. . . .	3	February 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	If I buy an Echo dot or a regular Echo, I can set it up via the Alexa app on my phone. I don't have to do anything other that bring the phone near the new Echo while it's glowing orange and launch the Alexa app.With this Echo Show 8 I have to type in my account details on screen, one character at a time. It's 2022 -- why is that still a thing??	2	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	With these devices you go through periods where stuff acts odd until they update it and usually the malfunction changes slightly.  Most of mine displeasure has been surrounding alarm function.  For a while it would skip an alarm now and then.  The couple times it did I had woken up already from routine and lucky didn’t oversleep because of it.  For a while other times it would add a second alarm time without me doing it.  Other times it’ll snooze fine mostly then it’ll change randomly from Sirius xm to whale sounds (default alarm sound) while it was snoozing.  Sometimes it cuts off after an hour and others it plays for over an hour.  So the one thing consistent is the erratic behavior changes but doesn’t seem to go away.	3	September 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love my amazon Echo show 5 so when i got the 8 which is bigger in size i was thrilled BUT it does not have some features that the 5 has, The time display is very small and you cannot customize the display screen like the 5. Please Echo show update this for Us to have more customizations like previous ones and ill be happy.	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	First off, I love the larger Echo show but the camera is so much less than the new echo 8 that it should be a disclaimer. They just needed to move the old stock and I didn't know the difference.	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Good buy recommend it	3	May 30, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Having had this unit for about a month the sound quality is good, and it is nice having the video for telecommunication however the same can be achieved with FaceTime.  It's like running back to answer a land line, and no I don't need a 2nd device, one Alexa device is enough for me.-It's enjoyable getting the weather and having background music...when it plays what I want it to play.If I give a song a thumbs down it then eliminates a series I like.-I ask it to play certain music then it will NEVER lets me go back to the Amazon Prime's main music menu so that 'I can selective music I want.'  The Alexa selects for me by saying 'you might like this.'  It's frustrating when I can't select the music 'I want.'-I've not tried using it to watch Amazon Prime video yet but may in the near future.-Were it not a gift it would have been sent back but as a gift in good conscience it could not be sent it back.-The Show 8 is a design meant for a stand which is an extra cost purchase.-Having Amazon Prime I find it preferable to utilize its features downloaded to my TV or other devices (my iPhone or iPad or computer).-It is overly sensitive and had to change its name so not to keep interrupting me.-The Alexa helps are not really helpful.  The help menu just gives the same old song and dance without guiding you to a resolution to use it and control it better. Even my techy son had trouble setting it up.-I'm not person who would like one of these in every room of my house.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The hardware in this unit is great. The speaker sounds awesome and the screen is pretty decent as well. The downside is that Alexa will suggest everything any time you use it. Also, there is no way to turn off the ‘try this’ suggestions.It makes me feel pretty gross that I have this device in my house. I was thinking that since it wasn’t Facebook it would be better but that’s not the case.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo show 8 has some nice features, but as it... and the cube Amazon TV do not function interchangeably with the other echo products and do not seem to know what the dots in the same room are doing, it is a bit of a mess. Amazon has not made enough names available to name each of these in the same room differently. So If I ask Alexa to switch tv to hdmi 1, the alexa dot says it cannot find a playlist by that name. The Cube tv does not recognize instructions to 'play pandora Everywhere', and it does not have a pin plug to connect audio to my analog house system. If I ask one device 'what is playing', it may not know anything is playing if I told Alexa Show to play pandora everywhere. Echo Show executes tht command, but then cannot execute the command to cancel playing pandora everywhere. EVERY product should integrate as fully as the original echo and the original echo dots, and EVERY echo product needs to have a physical audio pin plug. Also, it is very annoying that the power supply to some is dedicated novel input. All Echo products should have the option for the same  usb power supply.	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We purchased one for us and one for my parents so we could take advantage of the video chat.  Well that is the one feature were it’s lacking, you can not use your blue tooth headphones with video chat not sure why but it completely ignores your headset when on video chat.  You can use them for everything else.  This is disappointing, we have now gone back to using FaceTime on IPad’s for video chat.  We have kept the show’s in hopes they do some sort of firm ware update to fix this (emails have been sent and not answered).  The video quality is good, the sound quality when playing music is surprisingly very nice for these reason we moved the show to the kitchen and are using it as our main Alexa device in there for the time being.  I love that you can close off the camera option with just a flick of a switch.  I enjoy the picture  function that it shows all my photo’s in one place, nice seeing old pictures show up and bring back fun memories.  I just hope they fix that blue tooth issue so I can use it for what I really wanted it for.	3	July 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had to make an international call cause it did not integrate with Alexa, after 2 hours at phone I could do it... It do not comes with a manual or something like that and the people at Chat is impossible to understand, even they do not know what to do. It was more expensive the 2 days calling than the product, very... no, not very, extremaly dissapointed!	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I upgraded from the original Echo. You know the that looked like a can or Pringles. Well I figured since I have mostly updated echos and echo shows this would be a great upgrade. Love the larger screen size but the sound quality is amazingly poor in quality. I use to love listing to music while I cooked in the kitchen but now it sounds like a cheap Bluetooth speaker. Pleaser fix!!	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"People don't believe the hype on all this crap! EXPENSIVE JUNK! I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW MANY TIMES THEY GO DOWN, I HAVE 2, THIS ONE IM NOT EVEN GOING TO FINSH PAYING FOR UNTIL SOMEBODY DOES SOMETHING! I CAN SEE AND HEAR MY RING OVERRATED DOORBELL (THATS ANOTHER STORY FOR ANOTHER DAY), ALL MY LAMPS HAVE THE SAME SMART BULB (SENGLED, THIS IS THE BRAND PROVIDED FREE WITH THE EXPENSIVE ECHO DOT FOR $2.38, FREE?) THEY HAVE LOST CONNECTION THREE TIMES ON A MASSIVE SCALE, LIKE RIGHT NOW! DO NOT BUY SENGLED!! I WILL HEAD OVER THERE IN A MINUTE AND FRY THEM! I HAVE 2 MASSIVE 7.2 SURROUND HOME THEATERS, ONE DENON (SUPPOSEDLY IS ALEXA ENABLED) WELL, KISS THAT GOODBYE THAT NEVER HAPPENED! BUT ALL IS NOT LOST, OR SO I THOUGHT, I HAVE A 4K FIRE STICK IN BOTH AVRS, I ASK ALEXA, THROUGH MY SHOW TO OPEN ESPN ON HULU, THATS EZ ENOUGH, I STREAM HULU LIVE, SHE TELLS ME ""I CANT DO THAT"" REMEMBER THOSE THINGS WE USED TO USE, BACK IN THE STONE AGE? YES, REMOTES, THEY ARE MUCH FASTER, AND TWICE AS EFFICIENT, AND THEY GIVE YOU THE ADDED FEATURE OF NOT TALKING BACK TO YOU LIKE A SPOILED BRAT! IF YOU WANT A 10""SHOW WITH UPGRADED SOUND, 8"" SHOW, 4TH GENERATION ECHO DOT WITH CLOCK, 8 SENGLED SMART BULBS, HIT ME UP THEY ARE UP FOR ADOPTION!"	1	May 28, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Really quite disappointed with this.I bought two units for Mother’s Day. One for my wife and one for her Mom who lives 8hrs drive away.The idea was I would set it up so that my wife and Mother in law could see each other, rather than just talk on the phone.I should point out that my Mother in law is not technically ‘with it’ and can’t even do text.She has an iPad that she can’t use and struggles using her cell phone for more than just calling.Trying to set this up, I quickly realized she needed an Amazon account so that the new unit could be registered to it. So I created one for her, using her existing (little used) email address.So I thought armed with her Internet address and password, email address and password, new Amazon account and password, I would be able to make this thing work. Nope.It needs to connect to an Alexa App on her phone. Which isn’t there and she wouldn’t have a clue, how to load or use anyway. Don’t worry I thought, I can just call her from mine. No way. The outgoing call can’t be just linked to the Amazon email address that it’s linked to. It also needs a phone number.I loaded a phone number into the Amazon account and it needs a text verification. Giving the Mother in law a call, she found her cell phone and is now in the process of charging it. I still don’t know if it’s going to work this way around or not either, so can’t say I’m particularly thrilled.The wife is annoyed with me for wasting such a chunk of money on this, and I’m frustrated after spending 3hrs of my time trying to get the damned thing to work. Wish I had just bought a potted plant from my son to his Mom now. Cheaper, less frustrating and more likely not to have me in the dog house.I’m sure this is great system under normal circumstances, but if you are buying this to communicate with a distant relative who is not technically adept, right now I wouldn’t bother. Yes it has the great ‘check in’ feature,that is ideal for an instance like this, but really someone should have thought this particular use of this system through better. It’s not as though you are trying to hack into something, if you are setting it up and giving it to them as a gift.	1	May 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Fun toy, but this lady doesn't age well.. After 2 years, is hard of hearing already. Even when standing next to it, the next door Alexa dots pics up, not this one.  I am moving on to google, way more relabile.	3	March 16, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I primarily use use to hear music while I am cleaning the house.  But when I call out sometimes she will try telling jokes, or play other things.  But then I turn her off and back on then all better	3	March 12, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"While the echo show line seems like a good idea to have around the house, keep in mind, it's primary purpose is to advertise Amazon and Alexa products and services.  All of the other services are secondary.  There are settings to turn off the ""spam"" that Amazon sends, but they regularly add more, and you have to go turn those off too.  Eventually, you give up, and just ignore the ads.  They have added some things that just ""come up on your screen"" that you can't turn off at all.  I have 6 echo devices with screens, and they are slowly being pushed back behind things, or getting unplugged.Amazon says they don't sell the echo devices at a loss, unless they're on sale, which they are most of the time.  If Amazon is ever willing to sell them at a loss, there needs to be another reason they want  you to have them, and that's be cause it's an always on, always there advertising screen that you can't control.If you're ok with that, they're great devices.  If not, look at some other smart screen devices."	2	December 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"We have about every Echo device from the Echo, Echo Plus, a ton of Echo Dots, and even the Echo Auto, and throughout all of the generations.  We are fully integrated with the system.  This one is by far the worst ""listening"" and worst sounding Echo of all of them we have.  I can stand next to the Show 8 and say ""Echo"" and my Echo Dot from the next room (over 25' away will answer and this one will not.  There are often times I have to say ""Echo, Echo, Echo"" before it will finally go ""ding"" and listen to me.  I do like the screen and the added functions that offers but the mark was missed on this.  I have friends with this product that have the exact same experience as we do.  The sound is better than a DOT but only marginally.  Not anything close to the Echo Plus or the standard Echo.  There really is no comparison.  Hopefully it's a software issue that can be resolved and not poor mic placement.  Also, the only thing I don't like about the screen are the terribly annoying ""try this with Alexa"" messages.  And there is NO WAY to turn that off.  Come on Amazon, you are better than this."	3	April 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Loved my echo show 8.  Has(d) great sound quality and kept me company the last year while working from home.  Today I suddenly noticed it no longer would respond to wake words.  Then I found no buttons responded.  This was all while not in use.  Unplugged it for a few minutes and plugged it back in. NADA.  Then found how to factory reset it and finally the screen lit up!  But it only displayed the echo word with an explanation point.  Waited 10+ minutes with no change and unplugged again.  Now it's stuck on just ""Amazon"" and doesn't ever go further.  I now have a brick exactly 1 year (and SIX days past the warranty!!!!).  Super disappointed especially since it ""died"" while it was completely idle."	2	April 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Después de un año y medio de usar el dispositivo empezó a presentar fallas de reconocimiento de voz, pensé que sería algo de software que se corregiría con alguna actualización del Fire OS, lo cual no sucedió, cuando lo reporte, la respuesta de Amazon fue:El micrófono no sirve y ya no tiene garantía, el dispositivo ya no funciona como debería, No hay servicio técnico para revisarlo o repararlo por lo que lo único que le podemos ofrecer es un descuento de 15% para que compre otro dispositivo, esto no compensa la inversión original y demuestra que sus dispositivos no vale la pena revisarlos para corregir los problemas que pueden tener de fábrica o de uso. Dejan claro que una vez comprado el equipo lo único que les interesa es que compres otro y no que quedes satisfecho con tu compra. Así mismo dejan claro también que no les interesa mejorar su producto o la experiencia del usuario.	2	February 27, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this Echo Show 8 during Black Friday sales. Amazon delivered after January 5th.The main reason I chose this Echo Show is for the Ring cameras we have at our front door and driveway. Here are the reason I returned it.1. Telling Alexa to display live view from our camera triggers a connection from Echo to camera. This process has a undesirable delay that is not in the Ring app.2. Event notification about motion detection works. However, Echo does not atomically display live view, making this device useless for the reason I bought it for. I would have to tell Alexa to show the live view after the notification, further delaying display of the live event. Ring app does a much superior job (speedier) than Alexa. There is absolutely no point to keep this box.Other than that, the device is very thick and heavy. I found the bass to be powerful but the treble is weak. I will stick with my Google Home devices for now. And again the Ring app is good enough for the job.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this for my father in law who is in a nursing home.  He previously used a google home to make voice calls and it worked flawlessly.  The nursing home added firewall protections against 'hub' type devices, so we switched to the Alexa.  The problem is with voice calls, Alexa has to ask questions concerning how you want to make your calls.  Even if we load all mobile numbers into the contacts list, If I say 'call bob' it will come back and say 'do you want to call bobs alexa device or bob's mobile'?  My father in law will not be able to answer these questions to make a simple call.  after many support calls and you tube videos, I find you can't turn these confirmation questions off - while it is a great product for us, you can't customize it for someone who doesn't need or understand all the questions it asks before making a phone call.  If your care facility will allow google home, it works perfect for this situation.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have an old Echo Show from when it was introduced which has begun to fail so I ordered a new Echo Show 8 as a replacement.  I have been using it for less that 2 weeks and have had countless problems with it.  It is extremely inconsistent on integrating settings selections.  As an example I selected photos in Alexa App for the wallpaper.  It keeps telling me I have to set up the app even though I did that long ago and my old Show is able to recognize the app and load the requested photos.A bigger issue though is that twice in the last 9 days the new one has completely stopped streaming.  When you issue a command to stream anything, it repeats the command like it always has but then does nothing but go back to the home screen.  I have had to call tech support twice for this and have had to do one Factory Settings Reset and one soft reset in order to get it to work.  If this happens again I will request an exchange replacement.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like this overall, but I wish it had more app integration. It only has a few video apps and others, like Youtube, have to be run off the Silk browser, which is annoying. Also, when a Youtube video gets paused and you leave long enough to trigger the screensaver, it exits Youtube and you have to go back in and find the video again, so there are extra annoying steps. Still not bad for what it is but hopefully they'll be able to integrate more apps into the skills.	3	November 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was quite surprised to find this device to be mediocre.  Alexa is not as good at voice recognition as Siri, and Alexa seems to have less sophistication in recognizing slightly different ways of giving her commands.  For example, after a timer I’ve set has gone off, I have to say “Alexa, stop.”  If I say “Alexa, stop the timer” or “Alexa, stop timing,” she won’t understand what I’m trying to say.I was hoping to use the Echo Show 8 as a digital slide show of our grandchildren.  That’s easy to set up as a screensaver, but for any photo in portrait mode, rather than using monochromatic vertical left and right bars (say, black or grey), the vertical bars are a smorgasbord of colors taken from the image being displayed (it looks something like a washed out, faint version of the photo with a semi-transparent grey on top).But for me, the real deal killer is all of those (un)helpful “tips” that Alexa displays on the screen when it is in screensaver mode. It’s one thing to have those when one is using, say, a FireStick, because one doesn’t spend that much time on the screensaver, but with the Echo Show, it will be in screensaver mode most of the time.Not worth the cost, even when on sale.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought this to replace an Echo Dot I had in the Living Room which worked quite well for most of my purposes. I thought this would be an improvement to be able to ""view"" my Wyze outdoor cams. My Echo Dot would announce ""person detected at front door"" when someone was there. My new Echo Show 8 simply beeps with no announcement. But, at least my watch will alert me someone was detected at front door, so I ask my new Echo Show 8 to ""show me the front door"". Unfortunately, by the time the Echo Show 8 shows me the front door, enough time has passed that the person has already left. Luckily, I can open the Wyze app on my phone and at least see who had been there.I'm also very disappointed in the limited home screen options (clock). I was hoping for a nice clock, sitting statically, unless there was an alert or announcement of some type. But no, this Echo Show 8 is constantly changing its screen, pulling my attention away from my book, movie, or whatever, for no useful purpose. (Regrettably, I was not convinced by all the reviews warning about this problem. And yes, I tried all the suggested fixes to no avail.)Bottom line... I now have a very expensive unnecessary clock sitting on a shelf in my garage and have the Echo Dot back in the living room.I do NOT recommend this purchase."	2	July 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I wish there was a way to rate the hardware and software aspects of this product separately.First, the good stuff. A nice bright screen and great sound from a tiny device, all at a surprisingly low price. My guess is that the device is being sold at cost or even as a loss-leader as a way for Amazon to make it easier for consumers to order products (""Amazon, order potato chips from Amazon Fresh"").The bad: it's hard to believe that the UI was made by one of the biggest IT companies on the planet. It's clunky and nonintuitive. For example, the menu options for looking at Amazon's own Prime Video app on the Echo Show only loosely correspond to the Prime Video apps that Amazon publishes for iPad, Apple TV, Roku, various smart TV's, etc. It feels like what you'd get if Apple had hired two independent teams to separately develop operating systems for the iPhone and iPad but never let those teams communicate with each other or compare notes.The integration with the Prime Video servers is also strange; items that I have deleted from my watchlist via the web or smart tv app still show up in my ""Watch next"" screen on the Echo. And it seems there is no way to hide unused/unwanted icons from the home screen (perhaps Netflix is paying a commission or fee to Amazon to appear on the home screen and thus cannot be deleted).Perhaps the most annoying feature of all is that the volume of the Alexa voice is tied to the overall volume of the device. There is no way to set Alexa's volume differently to that of TV shows, music, etc, and the Alexa voice is much MUCH louder than those other items. If the volume is increased in order to hear dialogue on a tv show, for example, the Alexa voice becomes REALLY LOUD. There should be a way to set the Alexa voice volume level separately, but there is not.I really hope Amazon spends more time working on the interface for the device because it does have a lot of potential...but they have a lot of work to do."	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this to take the spot of my Show 5 in my bedroom.  With the Show 5 I could barely read the clock face across the room and there is no option to make the clock take up the entire screen.I figured 3 extra inches from the Show 8 would make the clock big enough to see.  Imagine my surprise when I found it is impossible to customize the clock face in Show 8 settings.  The closest I came to what I need is a dark screen with a tiny clock in the bottom left corner.  What is the point in that?There seems to be only one use case considered by Amazon, the user is right in front of the device.  If you see a positive review of this device, it's because the reviewer is using it in the kitchen or on their desk.  There is no consideration given for the across the room experience outside this being a photo frame.I sincerely hope Amazon gets their head out of their rear ends with this one.  I really feel like returning it.That said, hardware seems pretty nice.  It's just a bit ruined by the lack of customization and product vision on the software side.And for goodness sake, let people turn of ""Try this"" suggestions..."	3	November 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	The screen quality is excellent, the sound quality is very good, and the features are many.  In fact, that is a problem starting out.  There is no manual and online help is limited.  I suppose I could spring another $10 for a book, but why?  I'm already not happy that there is no pre-booking guarantee.  I pre-ordered for $99, and the day it arrived the price was $79, but I cannot get the lower price.There are many features but getting the most out of them is not always easy.  For example, the alarm has a repeat function for daily, weekly, weekends, or week days.  I work a rotating schedule so the days I need an alarm rotate every two weeks.  After a couple of weeks, I discovered if I touch the date once I set an alarm, I can get a calendar.  This way I can program just the days I want the alarm.  Too bad there isn't a manual to look this up.I'm sure the Echo Show will be more useful once I add more Alexa hardware and apps.  As it is, I'm turning on lights, setting the thermostat, utilizing time, temp, and alarm, listening to music, and watching video.  Other thing is, my wife hates to talk to Alexa.  Not sure what do about adding that app.	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"I really thought this would be a game changer for our house. I bought two of these during the Cyber Monday sale. After a couple of months, I can say that these devices don't live up to their potential.It's all about what you what you are looking for in a product. When I see an 8"" HD screen on an Echo, I assume I will get good use out of that screen. However, watching videos is not something the Echo Show 8 does well. You can only watch videos with pre-installed apps. So basically, Prime Video and Hulu (for now). If you go to websites using a browser, you still can't access any videos. It looks like Amazon purposely limited these devices with apps and abilities.The screen does add some nice features. You can add your own background photos. You can view visuals of weather and time/timers. I do enjoy being able to keep a recipe on the screen while cooking. Unfortunately, the screen also seems to serve as an advertisement display for Amazon. You can't get away from the ""Try Alexa..."" permanently on the screen. There are also a ton of ads for recipes, trending stories, etc.. Luckily you can turn some of those off. It mostly seems like a waste of a screen with today's technology and apps.The speaker is definitely a plus. They sound better than I anticipated. But there are plenty of good speakers for this price or less, including Amazon devices. Voice command technology has only come so far. There are still a lot of commands that return a ""I can't help you with that..."" despite the simplicity of the request.The bottom line (from my experience), don't waste the money on something that could be a lot better for the price. You'll notice the Echo Show 8's limitations more than its abilities. If you want voice command and a speaker, get a dot or Echo. If you're looking for video integrated with voice command, it's not quite there yet. If I could do it over, I probably would've rather customized a tablet that can do everything."	2	January 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought a couple of these so I can video call my mother who lives in a different city...first, the setup is complicated for the elderly, they don't have Amazon accounts or know how to download apps to set it up, so I had to do it for her, step by step by phone from my place. Once we figured it out, the video call has decent quality, sometimes it freezes but I don't know if is the device or the internet (Supposedly, I have a fast internet) but that's not a big deal...my biggest disappointment is about ALEXA, its has always trouble understanding my request, most of the time I have to scream my questions and when it understands them, there's a quite large amount of times when it doesn't know the answer or shows me something totally unrelated. I think AMAZON should make a deal with Google like Apple did when the had troubles with their maps app while ago and use the Google search engine, it's faster and more accurate than Alexa. Overall, the device kinda works for what it's meant to do but it's not great.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have not been able to set it up with the Echo Dot in the HOme.  My wife ordered this on her account so it came in her name, the other unit in the house was on my account and I have tried to switch it over and it will only play through my phone instead of by voice.  I am a little frustrated	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"It's ok. Ordered 2. Limited it what seemed it can do. It knows my name and me talking but Not much knowledge. Many questions answered with ""hmmm..I don't know that one"". Constantly Says connected to wifi but ""connection error, please try later"". Can't use for anything til it finally connects correctly. Music is hard to get specific unless it's a popular radio song or use youtube.  ""Can't find that"" then Plays ""something you might like"" channel. Sounds ok when it plays something though. Can't download any apps. Only preloaded available so can use my hulu but no other subs I have. And the hulu control feature that is suppose to be an option on it, it is only for certain model tvs. The video calls, once turn off camera during call, can't turn back on. Stays black until next call. And touch screen and all, the lack of gaming entertainment is depressing. We get ""trivia""."	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Have to say I had higher expectations.  Will break down my review in a few parts noting that I have technically not received the product yet, however I did see the stand and played around with it at the Amazon store.  Here are a few things that bug me:1) Amazon's website says the item is out of stock and will take 2 weeks to deliver.  That's fine, until I drive 5 minutes to an Amazon store where they have piles of boxes of the Echo show 8 in both colors.  Why would Amazon's online store be out of stock when they have so many in stock so close by??2) The stand is REALLY not worth 20+ dollars.  I purchased as part of the bundle and still feel ripped off.  It doesn't swivel left and right, only goes up and down in a very uncomfortable way.  Honestly, the fact that it's a $20 piece of plastic that you absolutely need for this device to be visible is insane and Amazon is better than this.I will add more notes when I get a chance to review the functionality in more depth, on the surface it seems OK.  Same capabilities as all other Alexa devices + a screen to see stuff on.  Speakers are acceptable, screen quality is also acceptable.	3	December 2, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It's good for person having Alexa account. But now days people we do video Call by FaceTime, WhatsApp, Gmail, zoom. Whereas echo show needs other caller to install Alexa app. Outside USA, not all people amezon fondly and that restriction should be changed. Otherwise my toddler enjoy hands free navigating for songs, videos. Supercool and may more useful if installing other calling app as could be allowed.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Have used this for few months now. Not sure if the item was returned or was new due to packaging. It wasn’t registered to anyone so I assume new. It is very glitchy - voice recognition makes mistakes routinely. We have to repeat many times. Once it takes you to what it thinks you said - you have to exit and repeat what you really want. That’s very annoying too. We like to play games on the device but also annoying when it asks every time if you want to sign up for a subscription on basically every game. We have the google comparable version - voice recognition, games, search is much better. They should Save the response from before and not ask again. It is bulky. Shaped like an old cathode ray tube tv. I guess much of it is the speaker/mic. Nice features being able to use as an intercom with other Alexa devices, play music. Connecting devices is ok with the app. Again google was easier and better. Switched to Alexa as we kept getting echo dots thrown in with purchases. I guess they caught us. The ask Alexa notices on the main screen - don’t bother so much. If you switch to do not disturb - it stops the notifications but then you can’t fully use the device. Hopefully future updates make things run smoother.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not the best keeps freezing on slideshow also showing the same pictures over and over got 60 pictures on slideshow, but showing only 10, the rotation is terrible.  Seems like it has a mind of its own Showing pictures I don't even download to  slideshow.	3	February 22, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I second, third, fourth etc. all the same questions/suggestions in the Amazon Echo Show 8 Clock Faces forum: PLEASE ADD CHANGEABLE CLOCK FACES AND CLOCK SIZES TO THE SHOW 8 LIKE SHOW 5 HAS!  I just bought 2 Show 8's thinking I was getting a bigger version of my Show 5 with maybe more enhancements AND I AM SO DISAPPOINTED!  I bought 1 Show 8 for work to replace my tiny Lenovo Google clock that has a bland clock face but it has large and readable clock numbers and gives you weather with condition backgrounds (rainy etc.) and NO try this, try that and the other thing.  The Echo Show 8 has a huge screen but tiny, unchangeable clock numbers, a small current temperature number and icon, none of which can be changed, and lame illustrated clock backgrounds unlike the nice Show 5 ones (you can put in your own photos via Amazon photos and/or use their nature or other photos).  If you play music or something else, the clock face totally disappears and you can't tell what time it is; e.g. if you are listening to music for a few hours, there's no clock face or overlay while the music is playing.  Also, if you are in any other function other than clock only, there is a non-stop Try This, Try That bar running along the bottom of the screen with no way to turn it off!  On the Show 5, at least you can set it so that it displays only once when you change the screen function and then it goes away.  The Show 8 does have a better screen type than the Show 5, it looks like the Show 5 has a TFT screen whereas the Show 8 appears to have an IPS or similar screen so you have better visibility off-axis.  But, other than that, the Show 8 is a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!	2	April 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I would have it at 5 stars, but...no matter what I want to look at, especially the connection to my Blink Mini camera, it will stay on there like 5 minutes, then go back to home.  There is nothing is settings to stop it from doing that.  Looks like I'm not the only one with that problem.  I'm watching my grandson sleep in another room, ask Alexa, show me my Blink""...there it is!!  wonderful, then after 5 minutes, it goes back to the Home screen.  it does that with a lot.  I called Amazon, and they've heard that before with other customers.  So if this is the case, I'm returning it until they fix that, so I don't have to keep saying ""Alexa, show me my Blink"" every 10 minutes.  Who wants to keep going through that.  Please fix. And the thing, if I saw the same thing in my bedroom to my Fire Cube, I see my grandson on the screen, then boom, it times out, and there is the home page.  Please fix."	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Had nothing but problems with thus device.  2 hours with tech support.  Want me to reset my Amazon password to make it work.  Absolutely observe solution!  I have fire TV and other echo devices I would have to reset.  The equipment is defective.  Bought the 2nd generation and it hooked up immediately.  Customer support on this one has BEEN AWFUL!  Still have this useless device that will be going back.  Very disappointed in Amazon Tech support, service and device.	1	November 11, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	With the screen you want to treat it like a tablet but this is not an always on Alexa integrated into a tablet. I guess I knew that before purchasing, but didn't realize how limited it would be. I often try to use it to play video (which it can play) but the controls are annoying. Trying to find shows on prime or Tubi is annoying. Can't cast from your phone like you can with Google's product. Even when you do fumble through the UI and find a video, you can't pause it for too long or it will take you back to an empty home screen with no way to quickly go back. It doesn't integrate well with ring .. you expect it to automatically show you the front door when someone rings it but it doesn't. You can't install apps .. just those skills plugins. No id shows, no comcast, no anything I want to see.  Separately Alexa has become very annoying (obviously on all devices). You want her to just be your robot slave that does what you command and nothing else, but instead of that she will take your time to advertise something, telling you by the way this and by the way that, suggesting things and really not treating your time like it is valuable. I thought I would use this all the time to watch videos at my work desk but instead I just use it to rest my tablet on which is a real shame.	2	March 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"This is a terrific device except for one flaw that ruins it:  A message displays at the bottom of the screen ""Try Alexa ....."" giving instructions on different ways to use the device.  For example, this message is displaying on my Show right this moment:  ""Try Alexa, show movies with Emma Watson"".There is NO WAY to turn off the constant display of these messages.  When Googling about this, I see hundreds of customers have already complained to Amazon about this problem. But Amazon refuses to give customers a way to remove this instrusive screen display.  Apparently Amazon thinks its customers are all 10-years old and need a constant on-screen display of instructions.This ""Try Alex ...."" is also a form of advertising, albeit advertising of Amazon's products.Until Amazon removes this display (or gives customers the choice of removing it), I strongly suggest buying a different company's product.  Google sells similar products.  So does Apple.  Neither company treats its customers with such contempt.UPDATE:  After submitting this review, I found a solution.  I wrapped a piece of black electrical tape around the bottom of the screen, positioned to hide the ""Alexa try ..."" messages, but not hide anything else.  The result looks great.  Those annoying messages no longer ruin the photos (or anything else) on my screen.  The only downside to this solution is it makes the screen slightly smaller.  But it's better to have a smaller screen that looks decent than to have a larger screen completely ruined by those messages.  I still recommend buying a different company's product.  It is ridiculous that the only way to block those messages is to cover the screen with electrical tape."	1	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	The Show 8 1st gen is absolutely horrible when used with Multi room music or any speaker groups to play music. I'm not sure of the issue, but bought 2 and both are constantly buffering when used in a speaker group of any kind. Separate they are usually ok. When they do play, the sound is better than a Dot.Now if you want to use it for anything else it's a pretty good little device. I'll never understand what the MRM does to it and have tried all kinds of things with both Shows with no success. I bought them on sale so if you consider it a fancy alarm clock with Alexa built in, it's not bad. Would not buy again & would be upset if I paid more than $40 for them.	2	April 4, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Updated as of 1/20/2020Major downfall is that the dashboard/home screen doesn’t show the date. For either the show or the show 8. I’m deeply disappointed with that. As what states below I have my parents my first gen show. Both of them have memory issues. I was hoping it would help reminder for calendar events and etc. however. They both are Constantly Complaining about the units not showing the day or the date. So they’re constantly asking the unit what day it is and what date it is. Which after looking up information I’m only seeing the show 5 that shows the date doesn’t make since especially due to the money that’s paid for these products. I’m highly disappointed with that and because of this issue alone with the regular show and the show 8. Not displaying the day and date on the dashboard/home screen I have to give it a 2 star. My mother’s at the point of not remembering to say Alexa show events or show calendar, which is a huge downside of me giving them the show in the first place.Amazon if y’all can fix this then I’ll give this more stars however as of now. 2 stars. If it wasn’t for the ability to call video chat and entertainment I’d give it a 1 star. Yes because of what I’m going thru with my parents I’m ranking this way down. Once they do a update that has the day and date on the dashboard/home screen the 4-5star it will beBefore update.I’ve had the first gen show since day one. Decided to upgrade to the 8. So far I’m pretty happy. I have my first gen to my parents and they love it. I’m thinking about getting the show 2 however because I better speakers. However this is a really great item. Hears my voice just fine. Reactions can be slow here and there, video is clear voice audio could be a bit better. All in all I’d recommend this item. Honestly good. Personally I think ima gift this to one of my siblings when I get the show 2 but as of right now and something to have I’m happy to have it	2	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"You spend tons with Amazon figured their products would last longer than warranty. 5"" alexa is now a football cause it lasted only 15months. Guess Amazon 5"" + 8"" has a built in death date making you spend more money. Sad. 2 stars cause when worked it worked well for an Alexa."	2	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I wish this had a XD card slot to go past 5gb storage. And use as a tablet like a android tablet and download apps. It’s a odd shape but I bet it can handle more than it’s capable of. I wanted a 24/7 live view screen of a blink camera, but 5 min max live view. I want to cook the screen til it doesn’t work then get another.  Idc if it voids warranty. Just a button to turn on and it consistently shows the door so when you look it’s live already. Instead of waiting 35 seconds for it to render after they ring the doorbell. All my cameras and screens are disposable in my opinion. Let us abuse them 24/7.	3	August 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon was in breach of contract based on the agreement we had to add price promotion after me trading in my device.  They should not be trusted with promotions as the rules change on the fly with them.  I had notes on my account from their agent and they said agent didn’t know what they were talked about.  This is deceptive business practices.	2	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Have spent hours trying to get it to connect to my existing echo devices and alexia on my phone. I don't want to take it all over the 3 floors and connect each device to it and then have reregister my blink door bell and a portal i have with alexia on it.	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We recently received this Echo Show 8. It is a good looking speaker with a great looking screen. The screen is crisp and clear. One of the main reasons for us to buy this was to use as a baby camera monitor. So we bought a separate Wyze camera that works with Echo show and placed in our baby’s room. We have the ES8 in our room. We were excited with the whole set up and we asked Alexa to show the baby camera. Alexa was spot on in recognition of the camera and showed us the live stream. The biggest disappointment was that the live stream stops after a few minutes and the screen reverts back to the home screen and a digital clock. This kills the whole purpose of having a smart speaker with a screen in our bedroom. Another disappointment was that Alexa was having trouble playing music on the ES8. The third disappointment is that there is no dedicated YouTube app support so getting on to the browser to use YouTube is slow and painful. I am still trying to find a good reason to keep this and so far I am just disappointed. Finally, I do want to mention that the sound quality of this speaker is not up to par even compared to the new Echo speaker(I own one). I am a big Echo fan and have a speaker in every room. But this ES8 has not worked up to my expectations. DISAPPOINTED.	2	April 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	No matter what I did something was either flashing or scrolling across the screen all the time.  Sound recognition was good, Alex integration was good and the sound quality was good. But it was an electronic billboard that would just not stop! I would think I had it set just to show time and when I looked at it again something else was scrolling across the screen. It lasted three hours I sent it back!!  I’m sure it was probably something I wasn’t doing right,  between my iPhone and my iPad I can do everything that it does. I don’t need the grief.	2	June 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"To being, this is not a review that has anything to do with a shipping or packaging experience.  THIS IS A REVIEW THAT DEALS WITH THE ACTUAL DEVICE ITSELF!  My preview review was rejected because whoever was in charge of making sure my review met community guidelines didn't actully read my review to see that my original review did NOT violate Amazon regulations.When I bought this device, it said I had total control over what I saw other than the annoying ""Try Alexa"" nonsense ath the bottom of the screen which I could easily put up with.  I didn't get this device for most of the fancy features it comes with.  I bought it to show my photos, tell me when to expect a package, and to get weather alerts.All of a sudden, within the last couple of days, I started to get bloody FULL SCREEN advertisements showing up on my device (see attached picture) despite the fact that I had just about everything possible turned off in my Home Content menu.  No matter what I did would get rid of them.  When I asked Alexa to remove them, it responded with ""watch list can't be disabled"" or some variation of that statement.I went through 5 agents using both Amazon's chat feature and having them call me over a two+ hour period trying to figure out why I was having FULL SCREEN advertisements pushed through my device despite the fact that I had everything turned off except for photos and weather alerts.  They had me try everything even to the point of factory resetting my device, all to no avail.  It got ""escalated"" with a ""ticket"" to their senior technicians to find out why this is happening.I didn't buy the bloody device to see FULL SCREEN advertisements, especially for items that I have less than zero interest in.  Buyer beware that this could happen to you."	1	July 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was given this Echo 8 Show for Christmas - I've been using an Echo for about 3 years. I was looking forward to having the screen but I haven't found any real uses for it. The Dot is just as good. Unless you're interested in FaceTime/Zoom/video conferencing (I'm not), the screen doesn't have much functionality - at least not yet.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Compramos Alexa por recomendación de muchas personas para crear rutinas con cámaras y otros dispositivos pero la app es terriblemente pesada, lenta y se bloquea. Esperamos que se mejore y no nos arrepintamos de haber comprado tantos equipos que hablaran con este echo. La otra cosa es que si uno va usar YouTube No es igual que en los nest qué va aprendiendo los gustos de uno y le pone la música según quién le de la orden. Tienen que ser más intuitivos como Google.	3	November 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I’ve had it for about thirty minutes and I may not keep it. I liked the form factor and software of the original Echo Show so much more (including the Abstract wallpaper which is missing with the newer Shows). The only thing worse about the original was the sound quality. And compared to the Show 5, you can’t even customize the clock design on the Show 8! Why would you be able to customize the 5 more than the 8?	3	November 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This device is ok overall, I was thrilled with being able to watch video and control with my voice while doing dishes, etc…. Until Hulu stopped working… then I googled it and it seems to be an on going thing with hulu and the echo show. I talked to customer support and they told me all the stupid Troy le shooting things that anyone can figure out for themselves. They gave me the run around saying nothing is wrong with the device. Yet, here I am with two echo shows that have quit working with hulu, at the same time… coincidence? Hmmm not sure where I’m at now, but I just have to use my iPad now for hulu, and customer support isn’t doing anything for me.	2	April 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have an Echo show, echo dot and fire TV, and they all have software issues to the point of daily frustration. It's making me regret checkout out smart home products. The Show was even replaced, which fixed some of the problems, but some are just fundamental issues. I'm so close to just putting regular light bulbs back in and getting rid of everything.	2	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Like the drop-in feature but it gets stuck “on-a-call”, and you can’t get back in, can’t reset remotely or drop the call.  This is a big problem when we are using it to drop-in to check on my mom.  This needs to be fixed or provide a way to drop the call remotely.	2	August 2, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I do not need recipe or video, etc suggestions all day long!  If I need something, I can ask for it.Purchased primarily to sync with Ring doorbell but even that has a 5 second delay more than Ring app on my phone.	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Bought to use as a security camera but it only connects about 10% of the time. I've had to resort to ""dropping in,"" however this alerts the device (people near the echo are aware you're watching them). Good device but not working as intended."	2	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Maybe I haven't gotten fully immersed in the experience but if I hadn't gotten this device on prime days I probably would have returned it.  The voice recognition struggles to keep up and follow commands.  Sometimes the results I get make me wonder if some part of the device is malfunctioning.  The other lackluster feature that I found to be a selling point(shame on me for not doing more research) was the All Recipes skill.  you cannot integrate your profile from the All Recipes website to the Show in order to have it read the recipes to you.  To utilize that function you have to use the voice commands for the recipes already in the skill.The audio quality is good. I am not sure if amazon has changed its algorithms lately or if its the design of the device but my Echo seemed better at music suggestions based off what I ask for.I am beginning to regret my suggestion,  I think I should have spent more money and bought the HD speaker	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Watching YouTube videos while in the bathroom was the main reason I bought this thing. TMI? Maybe, but unfortunately, support for YouTube on this device is almost entirely absent.You can technically watch videos on YouTube on the show, but not by speaking to alexa like you do on all other Amazon devices; you need to physically push buttons on the screen to choose what to play. They already do voice commands for YouTube well on the FireTV, so I don't understand how those is such a big miss on the show.Without that function, the screen doesn't really serve a purpose for me, might as well have kept the old dot I had instead of upgrading to this.To its credit, the sound is good; better than I expected, but still underwhelming. Additional functionality and integrations are similarly lack luster.Basically, unless you want this to be able to drop in on friends and family, you're better off with a dot, or the Echo if you want better sound quality.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Since day 1, my echo show has been a problem.  I ""upgraded"" my old Google home to my new echo show 8.  For a few days I couldn't get it to work right out of the box.  I was unable to sign into my Amazon prime account.  Although I was entering the right account with the right password, it was telling me the account wasn't recognized.  After getting in touch with Amazon tech support, they had me do a factory reset.  It didn't work the 1st time... Or the 2nd time.... but as they say ""3rd times a charm"".  It was finally able to verify my account after the 3rd factory reset. My family likes to play a round of jeopardy at night.  Alexa isn't as big of a fan.  She randomly shuts us out of jeopardy and goes back to the home screen in the middle of a question.  ""What is - I wish I stuck with Google!"""	1	September 11, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Its okay, received as a gift because someone thought I wanted a home bot with a forward facing camera.  I also have a google home and they side side by side.  The Show has a larger screen and camera, the google home only has a six inch screen and no camera.  Integration with home apps seems about the same for both.  Getting the notifications when something is delivered is nice but I fell like the Show is always trying to sell me something.  For the price paid it shouldn't have so may advertisements.  Amazon feel free to tell me how to turn that off.  I really don't need anymore coffee pods.  Also I find that Google AI seems are bit smarter than Alexa when I ask just basic questions.  Maybe because google is a search engine and amazon is trying to sell me stuff.  Either way its okay.  I'd probably return it if it wasn't a gift.	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have a houseful of Alexa devices yet the more recent ones that I bought are nothing but glitchy problems. The biggest and most frustrating problem is the echo show eight that I purchased for my bedroom for the primary purpose of using for an alarm. I wanted a bigger device with a louder speaker because it’s very hard for me to wake up in the morning. Until about two months ago it works perfectly and now sometimes it goes off sometimes it doesn’t go off. When I tell it to snooze, the alarm  never comes back on again. And after 10 minutes of the alarm sounding, it just goes off and never comes back on super deep sleepers that it takes a little while longer to wake up with an alarm, you don’t want to use this if you have somewhere that you have to be like work. Unacceptable for such a standard used case feature to not even be usable. I’ve had to drag out an ancient alarm clock to sit on my nightstand and out even more clutter because my nice expensive alarm clock that I bought doesn’t work consistently	2	November 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Recently Amazon updated the Echo Show 8 and made the already too large clock numbers even larger. I would like the option to change the clock face size. I am also tired  of the Alexa hints. I paid a lot of money for this device, so why all the advertisements?I just want to view my photos and yes, ask Alexa an occasional question. I am considering looking for another slideshow device. I don’t need all the fancy Alexa gadgets.After writing the above review I tried contacting Amazon about returning my Echo Show 8. Well that was a real struggle. I asked for a call back twice and twice I was disconnected with out receiving a call back. So I did the next best thing I opened an Amazon chat. Another mistake on my part. I was on the chat for 2 hours and 5 minutes. I spoke to 7 different people and non of them knew how to solve the problem of changing the size of the time and temperature that overlays nearly 25% of my echo screen. I tried explaining to them (which I had to do with each of them) that when I purchased the Echo it had a smaller clock appearance. Then Amazon changed the clock size without my permission and now I want to return it for a full refund. They just agreed with me but would not give me a supervisor which I asked for a number of times. After over 2 hours of frustration I ended the chat. I am now going to sell my echo show 8 and purchase another photo frame with a smaller clock. After all, I didn’t purchase the echo as a clock but as a photo show frame. I am totally disappointed with Amazon’s customer service. It seems Amazon’s customers have more knowledge of their echo show than then they do. Researching on google i found others have the same complaint and found out that the clock size cannot be changed. Amazon could of at least given us an option to change the size if we wanted to.	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"My main reason for purchasing this device, was for my 90 year old hearing impaired and half blind mother. Had hoped she could just say ""Alexa, video call Diane's phone"".  Then I when I showed up on screen (like a face time call), she would see my face and tell me what she needed. (or if she has fallen, she could yell for Alexa to call me).  However, It would not do that command easily. It asked her auxiliary questions, like:  ""Do you mean Diane's mobile phone?""  She could not hear the auxiliary question. So nothing would then happen, it would not make the video call to me.We do enjoy playing with Alexa, recipes, news, weather, etc. but had hoped it could help with my mom's needs.Another thing I wish the Echo Show would include, is the name/place of the screen saver photos, like Xfinity does when it is paused.  Such awesome photos, wish it told where it was from."	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Siendo este artículo de la empresa Amazon, llega tarde retrasado eso es lo único que lamento a lo personal son excelente pero en este artículo deberían ser más rápido y más atento es de la misma empresa en todo los articulo que e comprado son excelente lamentablemente tengo que decir esto de esta compra	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	No matter how you set it up, echo show won't show the ring doorbell camera automatically. Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. The only way to get it to work is to set up a routine with Alexa apps which is easy (if you know how!)	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I've been very happy with all of our shows, but recently they've started advertising how to use Alexa for your day. Now, rather than seeing what I want, every 30 seconds or so an ""Alexa for your day"" screen pops up telling me how to use Alexa. When I went into settings, there is no way to disable this. When I looked it up online, all I found was a bunch of angry Show owners complaining that the latest software update added this to our Shows. There is no way to turn it off, so my Show has essentially become a billboard for Alexa to advertise what it can do. I would not mind if they added this without my permission after I purchased several units, but not being able to turn ""Alexa for your Day"" off feels like a violation of trust. I bought one thing, but they changed it for the worse. Please allow us to disable ""Alexa for your Day"". Thanks!"	3	April 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this specifically for family Zoom chats. It performs decent enough most of the time, but sometimes the video freezes, sound gets distorted, or there is lag in the video. For something that is mainly made for video calling, the wifi signal receiver isnt very strong. No other devices in our home have issues with internet connectivity, or video streaming.	3	December 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We bought this to have a screen, besides our phones, to connect to our baby monitor. It buffers often and when it buffers the Nanit program will often go down. Because of this, I still have to have my phone run the Nanit in order to be sure I can hear the baby cry. Notifications and breaths per minute also do not display on the screen for the Nanit program. I have only used it for other programs a few times, but had a hard time navigating the programs (Spotify and YouTube) and both programs crashed multiple times while using them like the Nanit program often does. I do like that I can program photos to the background from my Amazon account. I would also recommend changing it's name to echo if you have multiple Alexa's because that gets complicated really quickly!	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I have it in my kitchen so I can access recipes when I cook. I do like being able to shuffle through recipes but sometimes I don't really get what I want - such as recipes from the Pioneer Woman and I know she is on the Food Network Kitchen that I got a free subscription from.  When I ask for those recipes, I get others but not what I asked for!  I thought I could also watch a movie from Amazon, but the sound isn't that great.  I don't like Alexa reading the recipe to me - is there a way to turn that off?  I haven't found it.  I don't like the ""Try"" at the bottom of the screen - a lot of it seems geared toward a young child!  Is there a way to turn that off?  I have 2 Echos and a 5"" Show so I am not a newcomer to Alexa!"	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo 8 looks good, sounds good and probably performs well on most functions.  Granted, I haven't tried out all the features yet so I may update this later.  The two items that knocked the two stars off were the SiriusXM and Amazon Music song displays.While the Echo plays SiriusXM fine, it fails to display artist or song information.  One of the main reasons I bought this device was for that feature.  I even found in the customer Q&A an answer that it would do this.  Every item in my house that has a display shows song and artist, so I'm doubting it's all that difficult to do.  Please add this in any future software updates.When playing Amazon music I can get the words of the songs to display, but this feature times out after one minute and goes back to the home screen.  Why in the world would you do this?  I can't imagine how the developers thought this was a good idea.  Another thing to fix, please.Other than these two items I've had no issues, but these were big items for me.  If neither of these are a concern to you than I would fully recommend this device.	3	February 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	A year later and mute button broke and she does not respond multiple resets and nothing.are these inky good foenhesr...what to do	3	April 14, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this because i wanted a dedicated bedside device i could use to monitor security cameras. I usually do this with my ipad or phone, but i like to use those for other things, so wanted something specially for that. So disappointing; The echo has a great speaker, but you cant play music and show camera footage at the same time even when the microphone settings on the camera are off. When Alexa plays music the screen only shows the song playing‘s album cover, not even the clock, or a rotating photo album. You can only show one camera at a time as well, even when camera app has multiveiw  capabilities. The touch screen is anemic, you have to download the alexa app to do almost everything, and most controls are through your phone. I feel i would have been happier with a cheap android tablet. I will say the speaker sounds great. But even on special, $89 is too much for what amounts to nothing more than a gadgety  alarm clock with a good speaker.. also though I have some cameras that do work with Alexa viewing anything by having to ask Alexa to show it, instead of just touching the screen is a tedious process at best, with no option to record or use the 2 way microphone. And the cameras that i bought it for(because they were advertised with them on the amazon website!!)  just buffer, rarely showing footage at all. If at the least it scrolled through the different camera views id probably be happy, but having to say “alexa show camera one“... “alexa show camera two” is pointless. The echo show 8 inch takes up too much real estate on my nightstand and doesnt do enough. And being able to drop in on my dog sleeping on the bed while i work during the day? I could do that with a forty dollar camera.	2	February 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have a bunch of echos in the house. Dots, shows, spots, etc. Just bought this one because it was on sale, and I hate it. Show 5 has more clock options, this has literally zero options for the clock. This replaced a 2nd gen Echo dot that was in the kitchen, The microphone is awful and now it seems like we have to yell at it to get it to do anything. The dot used to hear me from 20 feet away even if I whispered. This one sometimes doesn't hear me from 5 feet away. I'll give it a few more days to try it out, but I'll most likely return it because it seems like a waste.Another thing that makes me super mad is that I can add ANY stock to the home screen so I can watch stocks, including Amazon, but I can't add Apple. I can ask for Apple stock price, but if I ask to add it to home it will not do it. This is purposeful on Amazon's part, and it's really annoying.	2	November 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I received this as a Mother's Day gift from my daughter on 05/08/21. I have the Echo Show 5 and always wanted to upgrade to Echo 8.Pros. Echo Show is compatible with my Alexa, I am able to connect my wireless devices like my door sensor, video doorbell camera and my smart plug. Love the large screen when looking at the videos of the outside of my home.Cons. Speaker quality not good for playing music. When I tried to play music on the Echo Show 8 through Sirux XM radio the speaker quality is bad. My music sounds like the speakers are busted.The Echo show 5 has better quality speaker with more base in it.Due to the quality of the speakers I am going to have to give it 4 stars. If anyone else has this problem with speakers or did I receive a faulty device. Please let me know.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I've had 3-4 different Echo Show models and they all stop working within a matter of months. They stop responding to commands at all. I even sent in a recent model to be fixed and the device was sent back in non-working condition. On their best days, the devices do not understand simple commands and have terrible voice recognition. Severe lack of apps and features. I'll definitely be looking into Google Nest devices to replace all of my Amazon products this Black Friday. I will never waste money on an Amazon-produced product again. The craftsmanship and customer service has been absolutely pathetic.	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this paper weight two years ago for a massive $150. Now it's $70. It's been nothing but problematic, often says some BS, ""sorry, I'm having trouble understanding right now. Please try again later."" No, I'm not trying again later you piece of number 2!To top that off the thing is more or less a massive Ad box unless you go into the settings and disable most notifications. Just recently I had to turn off shipping notifications because they simply wouldn't disappear. Then about every month I have to unplug the thing to restart it since it starts acting stupid.I bought the thing for two reasons:1) To view my wireless camera and Ring doorbell.2) Zoom.With #1 It's a joke. I ask the thing to show the front door which shows up right away. But if I ask it to show my other camera it takes forever or never works at all.With #2 I last read there's no working Alexa Zoom App! Maybe it's changed now. Not sure.In conclusion, I'd skip this thing. I'd consider this to be more along the lines of beta. Meaning not fully functioning and needs work."	1	June 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The hulu skill doesn't work on this product like it's advertised. It's the only reason I got this. Kinda disappointed.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality, for some reason, is not as good as my old Echo.  The screen quality is pretty good.  One gripe that I have is that you cannot turn the Mic off and have the screen off at the same time.  If you turn the screen off and then try to turn the Mic off, it turns the screen on.  Annoying!	3	December 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I don't like the fact that it comes with ""very little"" instruction on how to work it.  If I call to get help, I haveto spend at least an hour on the phone with an 'human' Amazon employee. This is my second Alexa.  The first one seemed to burn out before I ever learned to work it.  And my new one won't accept my Modem's Password! This is a frustrating, technological toy!  I haven't had time to even get my new one turned on with help. Being a Baby Boomer, I DO NOT LIKE having to work with a Robot On Line either."	1	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We bought 2. One for my wife's mother and one for us. This would allow us to video chat long distance and also give her a new way to do things. Both of them worked great for about a year. Just after the one year warranty, they both stopped connecting to the internet intermittently. Always says that it seems like a router issue (all the while our other alexa devices stay online and work fine... same router, same network). Can't return them, so if we want to use these as we first stated, we will have to repurchase 2 more. Not happening! It's too bad too because when they connected to the net, they were a great addition to our smart home setup.	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I think the size and sound quality for what I was personally looking for wasn’t it. It’s a bit bulky and large. As for the sound for as big and bulky it is I feel like the sound quality should be a lot better	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Take 1 day shipping down. I'm writing this because I have Amazon everything, maybe not this particular item. But then again if you look to see if if I do, it's a probably. I will be posting this on Amazon items as I will all ""Deal of the days"" to make sure corrections are made either for myself or for all on delivery promises not met anymore. At all. Without a notice even being attempted either at sites ""Home Page"" or minimum at purchase point! This giving us time to either see if, us the purchasing agents, will get items in time or make other decisions on appropriations for either ourselves and/or our clients.  I have a Business account and spend over 30 thousand a year here. And my next day items will now be here tomorrow. 6 days later. I wouldn't be so pi$$ed if Amazon hadn't decided to get into the delivery business themselves for us to depend on, therefore having only the big Two and the P.O. to blame for tardiness, but we are being bated and switched with these ""Gaurenteed Delivery Time"" frames.  I will be posting this everywhere, both in and outside, of this site until; ""I, the customer"" am taken care of, as well if pushed off another day...compensated.  It isn't until the end of your research and ultimately leading you to decide whether on this site or another, does it finally give you a push off date. For my algorithm I didn't notice until my next day items were now on day 5 upon NOT still arriving.  I thank you for any of your considerations as well as I do your valuable time.  Mark Reeves  I will take down all my posts 'only' after something drastic has been done for myself and/or all. I'm accounted for just, as just. And my customers are wanting compensation from me for them. As I will. So I am who loses. Amazon can contact me at my email Markyreeves@yahoo.com to resolve. Or I will be posting from here until the end of my thousands of purchases are hit with this review from here and if needed redone to stay on top of Review date history."	1	June 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"12/9/19I ordered the Show 8 based on reviews that said the ""Things to Try"" chryon could be disabled via the settings menu. As it turns out, that was incorrect information as has now been confirmed by Amazon customer support, as well as my own personal experience. I hope Amazon will listen to their customers and offer an option to disable this device behavior. Similar to an unsubscribe or opt-out of email setting, Amazon could offer a frequency option  (turn off, once a month, weekly, daily, hourly, on continuously). This one behavior truly ruins an otherwise good experience. If this is corrected, this device would earn 4-5 stars no question.Pros: Good sound, bright display, nice form factor, looks nice on the kitchen counter where I have it placed. Nice to have lyrics display while music is playing, local content is appreciated, good microphones, and I like the ability to see my cameras in the screen and the ability to view my home automation control (browser), physical camera shutter for privacy.Cons: Inability to turn off ""Things to Try"" is annoying, the optional stand should be less expensive, it could use more user options for what is displayed and how, and with Amazon having their own Silk browser, we should be able to at a minimum use voice to launch the browser with a saved bookmark. (e.g. ""Alexa, open bookmark My Favorite Website in Silk""  or better yet a routine that can open websites, so we could use natural language of our choosing, ""Alexa, show me XYZ."" .  Eventually, it would be nice to have natural language voice and/or gesture controlled browsing. Personal preference, I wish the closed shutter was more subtle (e.g. dark red or gray dot VS white on the black Echo show)"	2	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"My sister and I got this for our parents so we could do video calls with them since we live in the different states. We've done a few one on one calls through the app and things were fine, but it hasn't lined up that we had time to do a group call with all of us together until this month.Amazon only allows group video calls between Amazon devices and it's not compatible with just the Alexa app. That means both my sister and I have to shell out an additional $60 minimum (current price of a show 5) to do a group video call with my parents, and there is NO mention of this flaw on the Echo Show 8 store page despite it proudly stating ""Connect with video calling and messaging - Call friends and family who have the Alexa app or an Echo device with a screen"" and that was the whole point of this purchase. On top of that, starting a group call is weird and convoluted since you have to enable enhanced features in the communication menu, start a group chat, and then you're required to ask Alexa to start a group call instead of being able to call with a tap of button like you can with other calls. It looks like group calling isn't even an option unless you look up how to do it. That's coming straight from a call I had with Amazon IT as well.It's fine other than that, but I wouldn't have purchased this if I had known that my sister and I would've had to convert to the ""Amazon Ecosystem"" in order for it to work. It's just incredibly disappointing that a device that has had such a marketing focus on ""family and connectivity"" has made such a poor system for connecting with family."	1	June 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I received the original Echo Show 8 and was able to quickly set it up and get it connected to my internet.  I basically got it to consolidate all of my video devices (Ring Doorbell, 2 types of Outdoor camera systems)  into one device.  The problem is the original ""New"" unit had a bunch of distorted lines going through the bottom of the screen.  I was able to contact support and they gave me a barcode to have it sent back for free, and set me up with a delivery of another unit.  However, the delivery unit got delayed a week and I sent back the original one based on when it said it was going to originally be delivered.  The second unit came and it was ""refurbished"", kind of annoying since I didn't originally buy a refurbished unit.  The other problem is it didn't come with a power cable and they didn't tell me to keep the power supply from the original one.  They were able to set me up to be able to purchase an adapter for free but it was still another delay.  I got the second unit up and running only to discover the refurbished unit has a faint green line running through the display.  At this point I am giving up and I'll just see how long this one lasts since the process is annoying enough that I'll just see if I can live with it."	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Are use this product in my kitchen. It replaces my under the cabinet radio/CD player. I was a bit disappointed with the echo to find out that I have to pay more money if I want to hear my favorite gospel singers. Sounds like that’s another moneymaker for Amazon or somebody. After purchasing the product I should not have to dish out more money to listen to the same music that I could have listen to with my space saver under the cabinet radio. So to say the least I am not 100% satisfied with my purchase. I did not know this before I bought it.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I use it for multiple things but it doesn't pick up my voice well or I ask a question she often say I don't know. Google Nest never had those problems.	3	February 27, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Where to start. Before I  bought the Echo Show I had a echo dot in all rooms of house except kitchen where I had the tower style echo. I had no issues in over 2 years with any of them.  I replaced the one in kitchen with the Echo Show and things started going down the drain fast. 1. Occassionally it will wake up on it's own with something out of the blue, like ""it can not find on audio"" or it will just start playing some random music.2. It will play all my play lists on the everywhere group except one titled ""me"" this one will only play on the show.3.  Tring to get it to print something like my shopping list is 95% of time a fail. It will say ""ok printing your shopping list"" then nothing happens4. I can be just 4 inches from the show facing it but the echo dot in livingroom which is about 30 feet away, responds instead.5, 30% of time does not understand me"	3	August 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	You got what you paid for. I originally bought this to use as smart clock. Unfortunately even in sleep mode you can't adjust the digit color to reduce the brightness at night :( I tried to dim the brightness while the entire screen still super bright that I have to turn it off before sleep which makes it completely useless :( The sound quality is worse than my laptop that I could not use it for music as well.... Does not have YouTube app that you have to rely on Amazon browser to watch youtube and constantly stop in the middle of watch which is super annoying. All in all not recommend to anyone.	1	October 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"If you bought this hoping that Amazon finally listened to the tens of thousands of complaints about the annoying message of ""things to try"" randomly showing up - then do not buy this.I decided to buy this as a replacement for my Echo Spot as I went through several f those through the past couple of years because they all developed the video jittering and jumping issue - which was a chronic issue with the Spots.I was not keen on the 8"" screen because I have this device sitting on my desk where I sit 8-12 hours a day.  But I decided to buy this anyway because of the 1080 feature.  I have my Alexa network hooked to several cloud camera.  I am well aware of the annoying ""things to try"" issue.Upon unpacking this device I had to do an upgrade to the latest software version.  Note; TURNING OFF DISCOVERY DOES NOT FIX THIS ISSUE.  I had to turn off everything - weather, notifications, alerts, dropins - every option for this device had to be turned off and the ""things to try"" still randomly pops up.  At least with the old Spot I was able to set the device to constant night mode to stop the annoying ads for what Alexa can do.  Amazon:  I really have zero desire to have you remind me that you know ninja jokes.  Really??? Some of us are older than 12.Another fault is there is no way to change the clock design or face as we were able to do on the Echo Spots.  There is only one option and that is a small digital clock in the upper left corner which uses maybe 10% of the screen.  I you have this device set up to display anything such as local weather or alerts you will also be notified with the horrible things to try headache.  Whomever decided this was a forced feature should be fired.The only way to get this to not constantly distract you with their annoying messages letting you know useless tidbits is to place a piece of thick electrical tape over the bottom 1"" of the screen."	1	April 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Beware that outside US and probably outside EU, there are geographical restrictions on Alexa skills, preventing pairing with other devices. Why they chose that I do not know, I just know that I was not aware of this beforehand, that this prevents me to pair alexa to my TV, and that I will purchase the equivalent device from their competitor.	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought 2 of these from BB on thier BF deal. I set them up and it looked pretty cool so I bought 3 more for Christmas gifts. I went to set them up with my 6 Wyze Cams to no avail because I didn't have the V2 version Wyze Cams. So I bought 5 more Wyze Cam V2's and memory cards for each here on Amazon. I got all my memory cards installed and all my firmware updates done on the new cams. I got them all working on my new Echo Show 8's. There is constant buffering as in they show video for a couple seconds and then go to buffering for 10 seconds or more and it keeps cycling between these continiously. I have a very fast TP Link (3 router powered nest setup) network here so download/upload speed is not a problem. So the integration with Wyze Cam V2's (V2 is the version) just plain sucks. Google it or read more for yourselves at https://www.amazon.com/hz/reviews-render/lighthouse/B07FKZD276/ref=cm_cr_lh_d_paging_btm_2?filterByKeyword=echo+show&pageNumber=1	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this as a special.  The good.  Bluetooth linkage to phone. For music. Sound quality is quite good. Enough for me to relocate my Bose Bluetooth speaker into the home office.  I like the video quality when using VTC capability.  A multipoint service for echo users would be great however.  I like being able to get random music lists playing.  Yacht rock or popular Christmas music pitbull channel and deep house chill all sound great streamed, I can watch prime videos.The meh.  I haven’t quite figured how to load (if at all possible) youtubetv. Or some of the other video apps  Plutotv or NHK for example  Right now it seems I cannot .The Alexa this and that?  I am not a big fan tbh.  It is usually in camera disable mode and in mute (illuminated power button (red light)).So. I am not convince I am a stalwart fan yet still adjusting	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this device so I could listen to music on my favorite apps, get news updates and find recipes. The sound quality is surprisingly excellent and the device's appearance is very stylish. However it is very difficult to install apps and to figure out the commands to access the apps you need. Example, if I ask for a specific station on Pandora, it shuffles songs on Pandora instead. You have install the Alexa app on your phone and even then it is not very intuitive or easy to find and install apps. When I finally found Sirius radio the app it wouldn't install. There are many pre installed apps but you cannot see a list of them on the device. Instead the Echo verbally name the app and ask you if you want to try. It would take forever to get the list from the device. I do not have any smart devices linked to the Echo so cannot speak to the usefulness of that feature.  I am very disappointed that there are so many things that Alexa doesn't know the answer to. I will keep the device for the basic use but it did not live up to my expectations.	3	February 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I wanted another Alexa device to complete coverage of my house.  I was intrigued with the devices with screens, because it displays song titles (I have had many issues when asking Alexa what song she is playing).  However, I heard that most Alexa devices with displays have terrible sound quality, and I wanted good sounding music throughout my system.  So I bought the Show 8 for $99.  The sound is pretty good- it distorts a bit when turned up very high, but for regular listening it is quite sufficient  It did group with my other Echo devices to make Amazon Music or Pandora play from an  ""all speakers"" group, with was one of my primary tasks.I really don't ""use"" the screen much.  And it is always on, switching between backgrounds I've chosen and adds for Alexa Skills, news clips etc.  At night, it switches to a dark mode, displaying only the time.  Also, t will not play YouTube, which is disappointing.  I'm not sure I can recommend it, especially if you aren't going to be using the large screen often."	3	June 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Let's start off with the pros.Echo show is extremely responsive. It will take your request instantly. Your voice and commands will be recognized instantly. The sound is okay but cant really complain for the Prize. The screen is beautiful and as other Echo devices easy to use.  Now i believe this is an AMAZING device if you were to have it in your kitchen.Unfortunately... I bought this device for my room .I'm very disappointed with this device. The amount if advertising aka ""suggested videos and news"" are overwhelming. I'd rather have a minimal background but I'm bombarded with all these articles and you cant shit it off!!!The display ALWAYS stays on. Theres a setting I tweaked with it which works! But having to say ""Alexa"" and having thr screen pop up and stay on for an entire minute is in my opinion annoying.Once again. If I had this device in my kitchen I believe it would be a ln Amazing addition to your Echo gadgets."	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was very happy with my other echo devises, and prime day came around and I got my first echo show.  The concept is great, but the device seems to need a hearing aide.  Sometimes I feel I have to yell at it to get it to react to me.It has it's own opinion what I should know and listen to.  Annoying is that I don't know how to stop it to give me info about Covid 19.  I am fully vaccinated since beginning of march, but it is July now, and it still wants me to get vaccinated, and I don;'t know how to stop this.The sound quality is pretty good, and the design looks appealing	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We purchased through a local retailer, but I wanted to leave a review here.  Overall I guess it does ok, but I agree with the other people that they need to get rid of the suggested things to ask Echo at the bottom.  We have tried several of the different things from the review/questions here and got it a little better, but we had to turn so many other features off it is basically a clock only with the temperature.  We also got it to work with the Ring stick-up camera and Ring alarm system.  You can ask Echo to show you the camera, but the response time is pretty slow to access and then it stays on for 10 minutes.  No way to make it stay on all of the time and with the problems we have with the Ring camera it would be nice to have a full time view of the camera.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My 8 is amazing, except the multi commands option doesn’t work. Turn the alarm off and pause the music for example. She doesn’t understand. You just have to going through the new commands each time. Also, we play games with her like ticket to ride, and she NEVER understands us! It’s like a running joke in our house. We literally have had to tell her our moves 15+ times and in some cases it just shuts the game off!! This is horribly frustrating but a cool idea if they ever work the bugs out. Also we don’t have accents, and speak loud and clearly. Oh and if it sends suggestion lists to the app, I don’t get them. I have looked and looked.. very frustrating. And the way it saves recipes is not easy to find. And it boots you out of them, and does not do things like “read step 2 again. She can only read all the steps over again! Dumb. Dumb. Dumb.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"To the Echo Show Developers...having been a very loyal Amazon user for over 10 years and I have to say that I am extremely disappointed and frustrated with the Echo Show product and the Amazon support of this product.On the surface the potential for the product is tremendous...however, for whatever reason, Amazon has chosen NOT to provide any documentation on the products capabilities nor any instructions on how to correctly use and take advantabe of all of the product capabilities.  In the first two days with the product, I have had to call Amazon Support 4 times to get instructions on how Echo Show works with Amazon Photo. to do basic things like upload a photos, creating photo albums and adding additional photos to these photo albums...and these are all fundamentally basic capabilities.  In total, I have spent more than 3 hours on these 4 support calls because after about 30-45 mins of fumbling around, the Amazon support person has told me that they are really not that familiar with the Show product or with Amazon Photo product and they transfer me to someone else...who has more knowledge of the products.  These new support persons have access to ""step by step"" instructions (or can direct me to the Help section) with these ""step by step"" instructions to do specific tasks.  But even then, they cannot find or direct me to any ""step by step"" help to work with things like Photo Albums...If this Echo Show product is going to really be successful, Amazon needs to provide users like me with documentation on all of the products features and ""step by step"" instructions on how to take advantage and use these features.  For a product with such great potential, I am about to throw it out because it has been so difficult and frustrating to use.Jim Paynter314-308-5858jimpaynte9@gmail.com"	2	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	The people programming this device are constantly adding new features, some of which cannot be disabled, that intrude into your life.The inability to control when Amazon shows ads in my kitchen makes me hate this device! This is a programming issue not hardware, but Amazon controls both. I with I didn't have six echos by the time the programmers went bonkers adding features that 1) are enabled by default and 2) cannot always be disabled.Stupid!	1	October 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have a few Alexa devices and this one is in my room. I find myself hollering at it because it can’t hear my commands but the Alexa device down the hall in another room seems to hear me just fine when I whisper. Something is very off about the mic and it randomly turns on without anyone talking to it.	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We bought this because we like to sing along and this showed the lyrics. Wrong!  The lyrics stay on for maybe 3 minutes, then we have to say Alexa, lyrics on. We have tried all the troubleshooting hints, nothing. So disappointed!!	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Bought for my parents so they could video call the family.....I  had to go over to set it up for them. Got everything working except the video calling....even my grandson can't figure it out.I will have to call a computer geek to setup for them.	3	December 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	not a good buy, I got this on sale and now I regret it. the screen is in def and the response time is way too long. and its annoying to see those alexa tricks.	2	August 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Amazon was offering trade-in special during Prime Day, so I traded in my Echo Show 1 yo Show 8 thinking I was going to get more of a premium product. It wasn’t the case at all.I like the they have the speakers in the back vs front to save space, but when you have objects in the back of the device the sound becomes distorted a bit. It also doesn’t feel premium like the original show. There’s just something cheap about it with the screen.What I do like is the ease of set up. It’s pretty much plug and play with most of your profile info already loaded. If you already have an Echo device. I didn’t have to enter or setup WiFi password, which is good. However connecting to my Blink cameras using Echo Show was another story. The integration is awful and you have to login to Blink account just to connect or use Blink on the device.Overall, I like it, but not love it.	3	October 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It has started randomly speaking and playing videos and is very annoying.  We are constantly telling it to stop .  We’ve reset it , removed a lot of the skills , taken the news and other things off , even unregistered it and deleted it and treated it like it’s a brand new one.  And it’s doing it again.  Worked for a year but this is unbearable, so I’m pretty disappointed with the product overall even though it was pretty nice for a year or so	2	May 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It would have been 5 stars, but my Ring devices do NOT work, or are not compatible with newer model Alexa Echo Show devices. The Echo/Ring device compatibility was why I chose both brands. It’s disappointing that they do not work together as advertised. And neither company will take responsibility and fix the problem.	2	July 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I love my Show 5. I assumed that the new Show 8 would be an improvement. Instead it is a major step backwards. And the most disappointing part is that Amazon purposely did this and has thus far refused to rectify the very simple problems it installed in the Show 8. You can not use this product for the most basic function that I bought it for, a clock. It does not allow you to put a clock across the main screen. It does not give you the option to put the date anywhere on the face. And it will not allow you to erase the ""Alexa Try"" scroll at the bottom of the screen. Amazon's position is  that the ""Alexa Try"" features are not ads, but that is a moot argument because it is just as annoying as ads. I don't care if it is scrolling Shakespeare at the bottom of the screen, I should have the ability to disable it. Yet Amazon has so far not allowed it. And why, after all the multitude of buyers before me (unbeknownst to me before I bought the Show 8), would Amazon not make basic changes to a product that is so disliked by its customers? Amazon can make a simple software update to rectify all of the criticism, but they have refused to do so. The bottom line is that the Echo Show 8 has fewer basic features, is purposely annoying with its scroll, and costs more than the Echo Show 5. Quite honestly, the Echo Show 8 may be a harbinger for Amazon. Will the company react positively to the consumers' input, or will it continue along the Show 8 experiment and blatantly refuse to abandon common sense over its own agenda?"	2	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Was overall really pleased but now with just about a year in, sound quality has taken a dive. Speakers rattle with any music  bass at about 50% volume with audio setting for bass set at 0. So while the sound quality and volume  was a definite step up from a dot in the beginning not so much any more.	2	July 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I thought I could load video apps to it, and watch my shows while I cooked.  But it says netflix isnt available, and if a big name like netflix isnt, I have no hope for my little At&t tv app.  I saw hulu and tubi come pre-loaded, but everytime I try to watch them, it says my subscription isnt right.  I pay for hulu, tubi is free, so I don't know what magic word I have to say to get it to work, but as of right now, It doesn't.  The screen is bright and clear, it gives me a lot of information I just dont care about then the things I want arent available, so I wouldn't buy it again if I knew then what I know now.  It does sound great when its playing music.  I haven't used the video chat features, because I dont care about that at all.  go visit people if you want to see them.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not user friendly.  Sound quality just okay.  The echo and echo dot are better.	3	April 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Hello Team.I am a huge fan of Alexa-echo dot. It works seemlesly & sound quality is awesome!! I was very much impressed with this device starting from voice recognization to response.  My 2 year old kid use to play with this one by asking random questions. No need to explain how impressed he was with this.  This pushed me to buy echo-show.As we purchased ""Show"", ""Dot"" moved to second floor with new name to it ""Echo"".  We were all exited with this latest addition to my home. Soon we were very disappointed with ""Show"". This device does not recognize my/any of my families voices. We have to call at least 4-5 times ""Alexa do XYZ"", very much of pain. Now sitting in my living room (very close to Show) ask ""Alex do XYZ"" and get upset. Now without moving talk to ""Echo"" which responds happily for the first time."	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	love the music weather reports. Sometimes I get an advertisement to ask alexa something ( robot replacement) and it shows me something completely different. When I ask it to show me prime video it shows a blank grey screen.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought some Echo Shows because the Ring doorbell's video pops up when someone presses the doorbell. Unfortunately, it takes a *full 13 seconds* for the video to show up, as opposed to 2 seconds when I manually activate the ""Quick Ring"" app on my phone or tablet. That makes it useless upstairs, because by then, I'm typically on the way to the door.Then, not content to accept defeat, I decided to put the Show in the foyer next to the front door so you could avoid being bitten by a snake or mauled by a bear, the idea being that the video would have shown up by the time one of us got there. But it turns out that the automatically-triggered video is up for a grand total of *8 seconds*, which means that the only way you'll ever see it is by timing your actions like a NASA countdown and sliding down a fire pole.So basically, you're getting a pricey clock with wallpaper -- and the Echo Spot, which I love, is better for that, or the Mini with clock.It isn't just the doorbell that's the problem -- the other features that you might want to use, such as buttons for your smart home devices, are so big that you have to scroll through the screen to see anything. This makes sense for the little Spot, but with an 8"" display, there should be an option to view things in normally-sized type -- I mean, if you're close enough to swipe the screen, you're close enough to read a smaller font.So maybe someone can think of an application for this, but I can't. The Echo Spot makes a better clock, but it's no longer made. Perhaps the 5"" Show is a reasonable replacement. In the meantime, I can't think of an application for this. I'll continue trying to find one, and if I can't, send it back."	1	December 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased the Echo Show 5 for my home office in November 2020. I liked it so much that I purchased another Echo Show 5 for another room and an Echo Show 8 for my kitchen. I particularly liked seeing my pictures, the date and time, and the weather. Plus, I connected the Echo Shows to my Arlo security cameras and when needed, asked Alexa to show a live view from my security camera.A few weeks ago, an update to the Echo Show 8 made it so the screen regularly changes to an obnoxious blue screen titled “Alexa for your day”, which gives Amazon’s suggestions for things to try. This is totally obnoxious, so I contacted Amazon and learned there was currently no way to disable this “feature”.As of early April, my Echo Show 5’s have now also updated so that they regularly show the obnoxious screen titled “Alexa for your day”. I counted this occur 5 times in 30 minutes, so contacted Amazon and was again told I could not disable this “feature”. This is extremely upsetting because the new “feature” is totally distracting and definitely not what I agreed to when I purchased the devices (my husband describes it as having a billboard in the room). As such, I have now unplugged the devices. So, thanks to Amazon’s insistence that they have the right to invade my personal space, I spent money on a device that I can no longer use.As an aside, the representative agreed that the user should be able to deactivate this “feature” and said they would pass the recommendation along in the hopes that it will be available in a future update. I encourage anyone who dislikes this feature to send the suggestion via the Help and Feedback section.	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This is my 2nd show and I love it, it has great sound..  But the shipping this time for Prime was 13 dayWhich is horrible,  but other then that I love the show it self..	3	January 25, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I wasn't sure what to expect, but I feel this can do a lot more. It is very limited in what it can do. Video calls are only to other people with other Alexa devices, doesn't support Zoom or Messenger.I use Fubo for my live TV viewing and it is not supported, nor I can watch on the Browser because it prompts me to download the app which is not able to download.When listening to music it is also very limited as it doesn't gives you the option to see the artist or go the album, it just start playing the songs and you can only go back.Also this Alexa understands me less than the Echo Dot. I have to repeat the things everytime because she shows me another thing. For example evey time I say Alexa show me the camera, she goes to Comedy 😒. Voice recognition is not so good, and as I said it is better on my Echo Dot.And lastly, I think it should have a skills page on Home, where you can see all the available skills ala Appstore, instead of going to Amazon website to do it.So, in summary, I think it is lacking a lot in the video department as much of the stuff is still done with the voice only and the screen is mere a display, not so much of a touch screen.	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I ""upgraded"" the 1st series alexa spot, hub, and show to the all new, and much MUCH worse new line. Instant regret.1. Voice recognition - horrible, nothing compared to the old ones.  Has trouble hearing you from more than 5 feet away.2. design - they Are big and clunky still but Google home design kills these, slimmer, lighter, better screen, and you can screen cast to them. 3. Sound is surprisingly good4. way overpriced for the quality delivered.I literally have away both my 5inch new Alexa's (they are utter garbage, every 5 in device I tested sounded tinny, hollow, only recognized my voice about 1 out of 10 times.And did anyone mention the unstoppable ads? no thanks.  Alexa's smart home integration is tops, but their devices for the last year or so have just been plastic crap. -summary - Medium quality knockoffs of much better vesions"	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I was generally happy with this device until about one month ago and then it stopped responding to questions or commands completely or would respond that the device ""couldn't connect"".  The issue was clearly the Alexa device as we weren't having problems with any other device in the home.  I hoped that I could replace with the warranty but it expired almost exactly one month before we started having technical problems.  Hopefully, others will get more ""life"" out of this device."	3	October 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The Show 8 has a lot of promise but, since I bought it for my 86 year old mother and she does not have a smart phone, I had to put it on my account.  In the process of setting it up a setting that is buried very deep was toggled wrong.  The only way that I got it to work was to contact Amazon help. To be fair, they were excellent once I made contact with them.The biggest flaw in the design, beyond needing a smart phone and not saying so loudly in the advertising, is that individual Alex devices cannot be selected for calling.  If my siblings call my mother on the Echo they also call my cell phone. They can do a drop-in and not get me but then they have to call my mother on her house phone to tell her to go to the Echo Show to talk to them.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Poor sound when connected to keep Yamaha reciever. The sound is choppy when connected but after disconnecting some nds plays good on echo along.  The sound is perfect when connecting iPad to Yamaha receiver	3	February 1, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"It's goofy you have to install an app on your phone to set-up and control an Echo, since it's already an Internet connected device. If you have personal security concerns, this device is NOT for you. While you CAN add contacts without allowing the Alexa app on your phone to have access to your phone's contact list, you are still adding an app without knowing exactly what info it is gathering and forwarding. My Echo was a gift to me, but honestly, the video phone feature, which is nice, could just as easily be satisfied by Skype, on a more portable platform like a laptop. If you want this device, and personal security, buy it, install the Alexa app on your phone, enter your contacts, then uninstall the app. You CANNOT add a contact directly via the Echo device, since contacts apparently are not stored locally - so be aware you are giving that info to Amazon to ""manage' for you. Also understand you are giving Amazon permissin to retain everything you do via the Echo, including recording your audio.After mucking with settings I was able to eliminate (turn off) the constant (and very annoying) scrolling through displays of trending topics, weather reports etc. I'd find that distracting and annoying if it was constantly in my field of vision. What you CAN'T turn-off is the never-ending scrolling of prompts at the bottom of the screen demanding you ""Try 'Alexa, do something or other'. Either cover it with a piece of tape, or turn the device so it's face-down.All that said, it works fine, if you don't mind having your calls recorded, your phone compromised, and essentially allowing a sophisticated eaves-dropping device in your home. Remember, the ""S"" in ""IOT"" stands for security."	2	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	good: great sound for size (great bass, mid and treble), looks nice on bedside, Alexa worksbad: the UI user interface is one the worse I've ever seen on a ''smart speaker'', there's no customization for the screen as in clock size, shape, or analog options, options to show or not to show date, I believe the user interface can be reallllly improved.OH and another thing, very simple actually, you guys could have added a USB A or C port to have a charging port, I mean I think it can deliver enough power to normal (not fast charge) charge a device., there are other options on the market that have Alexa integration and bring charging ports, radio, dual alarms, and show time and date always on. This has a SCREEN I mean, If I wanted to look at nice landscape pictures I would've gotten a smart photo frame or something, anyways this was a gift so that's just my 2 cents.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have two of these devices and on all their great it’s not as fluent as seen on marketing the communication to it to start a movie or something like that I wish that it was able to get sling TV is that’s my Internet TV provider however it cannot be only complaint I have to say is that the angle that the screen leans  back ,  it’s for somebody’s 3 to 4 feet no more than 6 feet away from the front of it to address it unless you raise your voice highly recommend Google offer a lower cost base or for the money they just should come with it adjustable base that I see for less than $10 on online retail places because any distance away from the device the screens angle upward and not towards you which is inconvenient	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Low product durability.  It works great; however, just plan on needing a new one relatively soon.  Not what I was expecting.	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"As someone who has owned an echo device since they came out, PLEASE LET ME GET RID OF THE ""THINGS TO TRY"" on the bottom of the home screen and the full screen one that sneaks in between my wallpapers!!!( And yes I have disabled all the home content except weather)."	3	December 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I'd like to say that first the sound quality and voice detection is pretty amazing on this even when it's going pretty loud it can detect you unlike some of the older models.The functionality is pretty bad though you would think that this would be able to let you watch more videos and stuff on it but they are really hating on their competitors with this as per usual.There are certain video platforms they have blocked from allowing you to use on this device and it's pretty Petty and obvious why they're doing it.I would say there's hope for it if they come up with an update but I would not recommend buying one of these right now until they stop hating on other video companies and competitors.Amazon keeps trying really hard to be its own thing and I appreciate it as a shopping service but I think they should stop trying to be their own entity because it's just annoying for me personally as the customer.almost all of their devices run on some sort of form of Android's operating system but it's pretty obvious they don't want you using the Google play store or anything.It's a no from me I won't return it I don't hate it that much but it's definitely a no.	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	In a quandry about it! Was given to me as a gift, so that I could talk to my youngest granddaughter. It's easy to set up, but everytime I talk, she has to talk, too! So annoying.	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Alexa does always link to my Prime account"	3	June 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Alexa suggestions.  Alexa suggestions.  Alexa Suggestions.  We really just wanted to show the time, photos like a digital picture frame and local sports/news.  Unfortunately, Alexa suggestions pop up more than anything.  It is very annoying.  Did I mention how annoying the suggestions are?  Over and over.  Things we have zero interest in.  Even if we were interested, it would still be annoying.  We at least would like the option to disable.Reading through the reviews, this looks like the number one complaint.  Not sure why Amazon wouldn't address this so that users would rate higher.  They must be making money from some users clicking the suggestions.  When you use the FireHD, some are cheaper due to the home ""Ad Screen"" but you buy it with that in mind.  It actually states in on the box.  This is the same idea without the warning."	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s a nice thing to have just wish Viewing my Ring camera devices was easier/automated.	3	March 25, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have an Echo Show 5 which is far superior when it comes to putting on the screen exactly what you want, i.e., just the time in big font at center of the screen.  For some reason the Echo Show 8 doesn't have this flexibility.  And yes, I've read the reviews and made all the user changes to give me a big clock face with the date and time.  You just can't do it.In all other respects the Echo Show 8 works fine.  We have several Echo devices, including the car echo, and this device integrates just fine into the system.  Sound is good, screen is average some backlight bleed, but overall for the price this device works.To be clear my main issue, as with many owners, is that Amazon needs to add the software code from their Echo Show 5 which allows more flexibility in screen display options.  It won't even output the centered display of Time and Temperature which Amazon shows in all their advertisement pictures.  If you've found a way to do that show me.  Otherwise this device works fine.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought 2 of these for communication. Not even 10 months later, we have drag, picture is terrible, light bleed, and it has selective responses. There are delays and lines in our screens. So once loved, not very happy now. Did a factory reset, no difference. I can't find out who to contact, but I will be. Both units are not okay.	3	November 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love the product.  Bought one for myself and it works so well that we bought another for my wife's 91 year old mother.  Unfortunately, it is 100% impossible to configure this thing for communications (i.e. making video calls) because 91 year old mom doesn't have a smartphone (how many over-90s do you know that DO have smartphones)?  When we ran into this problem, I configured Echo Show using my wife's smartphone.  Everything seemed to work OK until we discovered that all of Mom's calls appear to be coming from my wife (because we set it up using my wife's smartphone number).  Not only that, but our other relatives can't call Mom on her Echo Show because Amazon doesn't recognize that she has an Echo Show (again because it's not associated with her smartphone BECAUSE SHE DOESN'T HAVE ONE)!  I called Amazon Customer Support.  She explained to me that Amazon must verify the phone number by sending a text message with a one-time-code.  I told her I understood this, and asked if it would be possible to instead call my mother-in-law on her non-smartphone and read her a one-time code that she could then relay to me (just like she would do if they COULD text her a code).  Armed with this magic code, I could then assign her non-smart phone number to her Echo Show and the problem would be solved - VOILA!  I realize that we would still have to use our smartphones to make any future configuration changes to Mom's device, but that's OK because she wouldn't do it even if she did have a smartphone.  Unfortunately, Amazon Customer Support says no-can-do the simple phone call solution - no explanation why.  Their suggestion was to buy mom a smartphone solely for this purpose.  So now you know: Product = 5 stars.  Customer Service = 0 star.  Overall rating 1 star,  I'll bet Jeff Bezos has no idea that this is what they are telling customers.	1	June 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The device repeatedly had issues turning on in the middle of the night and at other random times. The screen would also freeze. Alexa would turn on without the command to do so, then try to play a video/news pausing every 1 second as if she were having a seizure. There was one night where she started shouting ""Pink! Pink! Pink! Pink!"" On max volume followed by blasting ""Get the party started"" by Pink. My husband called Amazon, and the customer service rep wanted us to do a better job to prove that there was something wrong with the device. First, they had us plug the device into another outlet for a week. Amazon then needed to monitor the device 2 separate times before agreeing that there was an issue and that an exchange was worthy. When then finally attempting to exchange the item, all of the documentation was supposedly made under my husband's name, but all of the processing remained under my amazon account. After we paid shipping to have the device and its accessory parts sent back to Amazon as we were instructed, the device was apparently refurbished rather than exchanged as promised. The refurbished product was sent back to us, and once again, we were charged for the shipping cost. Unfortunately, when opening the refurbished product, we found that the power cord had not been sent back to us with our device. We called amazon immediately about the issue, who informed us that if we want a power cord, we would have to purchase a new one. We decided to return the entire device for a full refund. We will not be purchasing another echo through Amazon."	1	August 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I already had alexa on my firestick (as a gift) three years ago.  My Echo Show was also a gift both from my family.  Also, I tired to order prime video on my tv.  I called the number for the registration on the tv after I entered my amazon account and the representative told me I couldn't get prime on my tv because I was a threat of identity threat which I pay for through legal shield.  I do not understand why a gift from my family could not be added to my alexa echo show when I use  my password and you offer me to add family members.  My accounts all have the same IP address. What is the problem?	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I originally bought one brand new, it lasted about a month before it stopped working completely. Tech support was great and tried to walk me through ideas to get it working. When that didn't work they asked me to return and they would send a new one. I kept the original packaging so I was able to ship everything back and amazon paid for the shipping. When the new one came it was not new it was refurbished and had no power cord. I was stuck with a device that was absolutely useless until I could order a 20 replacement cord because apparently according to customer service I should not have sent it all back just the device 😶The refurbished one is ok so far just highly disappointed with how that was handled as I paid for a brand new device that didn't last a month yet only a refurbished one was returned.	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Update - There are reviewers out there who claim you can turn off the suggestions.  When I first go the device I went to the ""Home and Clock"" settings, turned EVERYTHING off, and I still get the alexa suggestions all the time.  One person also claims to have a full-screen clock displayed.  When my review was posted, I received a phone call from an amazon support person, and he agreed there is NO way to turn off the alexa suggestions and he also agreed there is NO way to display a full-screen clock.-------------------------------------------------------------I have the show5 and I really like it.  I have turned off the notifications but I still get the annoying alexa suggestions at the bottom of the screen.  On the show5, at least the alexa suggestions are in small print and I can pretend they are not there as I enjoy my large clock.  On the show8, all you get is a small clock in the upper left corner - no way to change it and since the screen is bigger, the mandatory alexa suggestions are in bigger font.  The good news - it was up and running in about 2 minutes and amazon music sounds good on it.  The bad news is, do I really want to keep it?  I really like the large clock face on the show5 and it seems ridiculous I have NO clock options on the show8."	2	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Trouble shooting is a joke.  The amount of help and guidance is unacceptable, almost none.  My daughter set this up, and it seemed to work.  But a week later I tried contacting my grandson, for which this was purchased, one for him, one for me.  His sound and video worked fine, but they could only SEE me on the video, sound would not work.  I tried several things, and over the next days my son-in-law and I were online checking out everything related.  I finally ran across a mention that if there is a power glitch/surge it could cause problems.  I had had one, unplugged the unit in several ways, moved it around, worked fine.  Unit should not be that sensitive!!  I am an electrical engineer  and have played with computers for 30 years and electronics since high school.	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this in Dec 2019, worked great a first. Then it would just stop playing and when I told it to play it would say Alexa stopped because there wasn't any activity.  This started about 7 months ago and just kept getting worse.  Unfortunately I did not realize that I had till Dec of 2020 to return it. I'm writing this now so that if this is happening to anyone else, don't wait.  I am ready to just trash this one.  I bought the little eco for another room in my house and it works great.  I have asked other people if they have this problem and they say no.  I guess I got a bad one and since this was my first one I thought this was normal until it was to late to return it and get a new one.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Overall, Alexa is OK, but I rated it 3 out of 5 as it was sent to me as a gift to do video calls with my sister and other family members. However, I cannot make any video calls using the desktop app of Alexa. It requires you to have a smartphone with the Alexa app. Not sure why it's needed as it seems not very user friendly. I have an older Android smartphone that won't work with their Alexa app. I wonder how many Seniors or anybody having the correct smartphone models to make it work on video calls. It seems the Alexa programmers need to fix it using the desktop app for video calling as well! I sent a request to make the desktop Alexa app work for video calling too. Otherwise, it's just a paperweight to me as I can use Skype, Zoom, or Google to make video calls!	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The devise was working well for me and my mom, but I guess it just be bad luck as the devise will no longer work. It powers on and just shows the time and no other screen will come up when you swipe. Funny how this  happens just as the replacement window closed for us. That sucks.	3	November 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We have a few of these around our home and sometimes they want to listen and sometimes they don’t. When they actually respond it works great.	3	February 18, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	First off, don't rely on customer service since this item is new in their arsenal when it comes to pairing with the Blink mini camera. Trust the CS people at Blink.  After wasting close to 3 weeks and talking to 9 different people, I was able to resolve the lack of connectivity between the two devices this way:DO NOT name the camera with more than one word.  The directive must be: Alexa show me the <<<< (whatever your camera is named.)Even though the device gives you different options for the wake word, the only one that works consistently is Alexa.Don't let them blame your internet service, your computer/tablet, etc. The command has to be short and sweet. There is no one I spoke with over there that came up with the right solution.On a positive note, the HD 8 is wonderful when it comes to customizing content and the ability to show me all of my thousands of photos during the course of the day make it a keeper.	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Clock is way too small and ads pop up frequently	3	April 9, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Update: Echo Show routinely ignores commands, or does something I didn't ask.  This is a very buggy device and needs major improvements.  Streaming music from Scamazon music is horrible, it plays a few songs and then quits.  I must reboot this thing constantly.  Streaming music from Pandora works much better, yet Scamazon music is always at the top of my ""Recently played"" list (even though I NEVER play music from it anymore.)*** Also, be warned that returning Scamazon gadgets is not like normal returns.  You must go through a worthless chat session with agents who are trained to frustrate you into quitting.For anyone who remembers that mega-annoying animated paperclip from Windows 97, it has been resurrected in the form of Alexa's ""Try this..."" suggestions.  Hey, Amazon...here's a suggestion for you;  Listen to your loyal customers and give us the option to turn this stupid thing off!!Like many, I have zero interest in Alexa's obtrusive suggestions.  I just want to listen to music and control a few smart devices.  Unfortunately, Alexa fails at this as well.  Amazon music plays for 1 to 2 hours at most and then stops on it's own.  I searched help online about this and got the usual list of useless ideas like ""Reboot the device"" or ""Check your internet connection"".@Amazon -  Focus on fixing basic functions and keep your suggestions to yourself.Does anyone else notice how an Amazon device rating never seems to diminish with bad reviews?  Just sayin...."	1	December 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Overall I like this device.  There are still some quirks that need to be worked out.I occasionally will ask alexa to read a news story that it has promoted on the screen.  I will say word for word what it tells you to at the bottom of the screen.  It will bring up something completely random, or not understand what I am asking.My biggest issue though is with video calling.  We bought one for my in-laws too.  I have a very difficult time getting it to connect to the correct device or call in the correct way (I think it has to do with the way my contacts are set up).  It seems to default to calling a phone over another alexa device.  If I'm doing something wrong I can't figure it out.  It would be really nice if you could save other devices to your device.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The EchoShow don’t recognize the multiple devices I have save and configured already in my Alexa echo dot. To turn off or on the lights I need to talk to my echo dot in the bathroom far away of the new echoshowI’m not sure was a good choice	3	November 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Almost returned but finally figured out how to play pandora.  It is still difficult to move between stations unless you know exactly what the station is named.  I expected more of a fire screen with choices.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	La pude en mi Mesa de noche y el sonido...bien ,pongo sonidos para dormir	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	My Echo Show 8 arrived today.  I was expecting it to be a larger version of the Echo Show 5.  Not so.  You can see the time on the Echo Show 5 from 20 feet away.  This model doesn’t have a large centered clock and  it doesn’t give you the date anywhere.  I suppose I could shout at Alexa from across  the room to ask for the time and date for but it is not worth the breathe when you could otherwise just glance at it.  This is like a large size down grade.  I may return it unless I get a response from someone at Amazon telling me there is going to be a quick fix for this soon.After giving this a negative review, I received a call from Amazon Customer Service.  While I may not be in love with my Echo Show 8, I really love Amazon and their customer service.  The Echo 8 is growing on me.  I will not be returning it. However I still prefer the image of a large centered clock with a date stamp like the Echo 5 much better.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa, doesn’t like to listen very well.	3	April 17, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Let me start out by saying what is good. The video was really good. It had no problem playing prime video, hulu or youtube. I didn’t view NBC. The sound was really good too. The alexa suggestions didn’t bother me because you don’t have to look at them and they didn’t play during the videos. Yes, it would be nice to be able to make the time the size you wanted, but again, it didn’t bother me. What I found astounding was it would not play my audible books, iheart radio, and at times amazon music. I purchased the original one with the audible & other issues, it was replaced very fast. Unfortunately the replacement had the same issue. I spent countless hours chatting with technical support, even had the issue escalated to audible escalation team. But they couldn’t fix the issue because audible wasn’t the issue. I did find out if I paired the echo show 8 with another device and asked that it play audible, iheart radio or amazon music as a group, then the echo show 8 had no problem playing them all every time. But it had to be in a group, the other device had to be online & when you asked it to play you had to specify the group. I kept the echo show 8 about 2 weeks hoping someone at amazon could figure out & fix the issue. Alas, that hope did not come about & I ended up requesting a return.	2	August 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	As someone that has 5 echos and just picked up this guy, here's some downsides to the echos you should consider before buying into the ecosystem.1) no netflix on echo show2) Spotify multi room audio stops playing after 1 or 2 songs. If you are a Spotify user, I would seriously reconsider using echos if you plan on using them for multi room audio. There are multiple page threads of echo users complaining about this. Amazon says it is a Spotify problem, and Spotify says it's an Amazon problem. I'm pretty tech savvy, but this isn't something users can fix. I had to pick up an Amazon music subscription to get around this.3) there is no way to set a default volume for Alexas voice. If you went to sleep with low volume, she will whisper responses to you the next day so you can't hear her. If you played music loud earlier in the day, she will yell her responses at you when you are trying to relax at night.	3	July 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	If they had just made the 8 bigger instead of messing with the OS it would have been much better	3	February 25, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I got this as an upgrade to my original echo, thinking it would integrate with my home video security system.... it does do that but I find that it’s way too slow to make the connection, my cellphone works so much better. There is about a 2-3 second lag when using my phone when monitoring a camera, and a 10-15 second lag when trying to use echo show. I was very disappointed in that and that was the main reason I got it. But there are other features that do work well like, “where’s my stuff?” command, the quality of music when playing and voice recognition has been spot on. Is it worth the upgrade cost....? Time will tell, if it’s your first echo device then I’d recommend it.... it is nicer than the original echoes. But I can’t recommend it for video security monitoring.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	So I recently purchased the Show 8 to upgrade from the Echo Dot I have in my master bedroom. I was going to buy the 5 which was cheaper, but since I was going to use the device for (I thought) date and time and weather, I opted for the bigger screen, thinking that it would have the largest display. Well, IT does, the folks though in the Amazon Tech department do not!!!! You can't do jack with the clock. Can't make it appear bigger on the screen, so wasted my money there! You can't get a date on same screen with the time, and don't even hope to get the 5 day weather forecast on their either. It is basically just a big techie paper weight. Of course you then also get barraged with a ton of ads which I also found out cannot be adjusted in any way. I was better off with just the dot. Sure it couldn't display the date and time, but unless you are in your 20's you can't see the display to read the device I just spent money on anyway!!! Fooled me once, but won't be making this same mistake with their devolved tech in the future. Sad, just sad.	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I literally don't know where it went wrong. I've had an echo dot for almost a year, with NO issues whatsoever. This Show 8 has been the biggest headache, and I'm very tech savvy.I like to treat my Alexa devices as a ""set and forget"" type device (like most people I'm sure) but I find myself logging into the Alexa app nearly daily. The EQ is always set weird, where now every time I start to play Spotify, the treble is all the way up and bass is set to the lowest setting (this is not how I set it every time).Alexa has a cool ""Play Everywhere"" feature that is DOPE but beware, the moment you add an Echo Show to the mix of Echo Dots, the ""Play Everywhere"" feature becomes bugged beyond use. It's a hassle to start, and when you get it working and feel like changing the song... HAVE FUN getting it back to play everywhere when you skip a track!I've always learned Alexa Skills just take a plunge when you add the Echo Show. The classic ""Alexa play thunderstorm sounds"" Skill is extremely temperamental now. Also any video camera you use indoors claims to work with the Show 8, but the support on both Amazon's side and the Camera's side love to pass blame leaving one spotty, laggy connected camera to the Show 8.Alexa has so much potential, but the screen throws in countless (I didn’t even get into writing some of them as I’m sure Amazon will censor my review) headaches that just ruin Alexa. Stick with the dots!"	2	February 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I’m very tech savvy and found setup cumbersome and time consuming. If all you want are the defaults, it’s a breeze, but if you want anything other than want Amazon wants, pour yourself a drink!If you are buying one to setup for an elderly relative, create a separate email account AND have that person’s cell phone when you setup initially. I made the mistake of setting up initially with my phone and email thinking I could easily edit it later. That was a huge mistake! It required a couple of lengthy phone calls to Amazon to get my cell phone number disassociated and their number associated.Also, on one of those calls, I had the person tell me that my Amazon account and my Alexa account are linked. They are not!If you don’t want to give access to all your phone’s contact, you can set up contacts separately but it’s not at all intuitive. It took me a while to figure it out. Let’s face it, if you’re setting this us up for grandma, she only needs a handful of people that she will be calling, not your hundreds of business and personal contacts.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I like the Alexa for the most part.  I can contact my family easier, it is good for recipes, and I like that I can customize it.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I disliked the lack of a battery which could have made this a portable device instead of a stationary one needing to be plugged in.	3	February 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I have so many echo devices and I swear this the only one that doesn’t like me. I think I have to unplug her and let her sit at least four times. For example: It sits on my office desk and I was sitting at my desk directly in front of it and it wouldn’t listen I said Alexa so many times and nothing I had to unplug and plug back up and then she worked like normal then one time her screen was black and no matter how much I called or touched her screen nothing happened I have to unplug and plug back in and then she worked and at the beginning she refused to connect to my accounts on Netflix lol she stubborn.. she working as normal now but I don’t know if I should call the people about her	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I have Nothing good to say about this device. I bought it because our Tap died and an Amazon rep convinced me to try the show - total waste. In random order:- speaker is in the back so sound quality isn't great- when asked to pause music/radio/video it's less than a second of silence before the device starts to play again- asking to play a radio station Alexa says that she doesn't have the ""video skills""- most often audio is played on iHeartradio and NOT amazon music- Alexa responds that I cannot play songs because I don't have amazon music unlimited (yet I pay for it and it plays on all echo devices)- does not work with zoom (it is properly set up both on the app and the device but still does not connect - even with all necessary information attached to the cal invite)- tell Alexa to do almost anything and the delay is reminiscent to the days of dial-up- touchscreen is super slowUPDATE: playing music on this device is pointless unless you want it to play the same 8-10 song loop. The controls for you to skip, pause, etc are hidden with each new song that comes on. Not to mention the insane delay between songs.Don’t get me started on her lack of ability to answer any question correctly. Most any query is met with “here’s something I learned on the web” and it’s some unqualified user based response versus a source backed answer.So disappointed...TOTAL WASTEDO NOT BUY THIS. And if someone gifts it to you return it for credit."	1	July 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Nice Idea, works great when it works . . but it's wonky. Screen goes black for no reason and requires constant re-boot.  Called Amazon and they could not explain it.	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Overall, I like the Echo Show 8. I do have occasional issues where Alexa does not respond to a voice command, you may say something like “Alexa turn off the dining room light” and nothing happens, the light comes on as if it is listening to you but you get no response and this can happen several times in a row. Perhaps she is on a potty break. The other thing I have a real pet peeve about is these companies that sell you a product and then have necessary accessories as an additional purchase. You can almost never buy an entire product at one time! I am of course referring to the cheap little plastic stand the goes with the Show 8 that Amazon thinks is worth $25...give me a break. At most it is worth $5 and it should have come with product at no charge.....my two cents worth!	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was so excited to purchase this device during Black Friday 2019. I got an excellent deal on it and thought it a neat addition to my echo product collection. Today is 19 February 2020 a whole 3 months later and I couldn’t be more disappointed. I wanted to be able to pair my echo ear buds to it but after numerous failed attempts And me contacting amazon support about the issue it was never fixed even though I was told the customer support rep was personally looking into the issue and would provide me with follow up. I never got that issue resolved but no biggie I pressed on. Sure the sound quality is awesome,l although I can’t listen through earbuds, the functions are easy and screen is big enough to watch shows on when it works.....and that is the problem, it doesn’t seem to be working right anymore. A few nights ago I was watching a tv show on the device and literally 5 minutes in it cut off. I instantly thought it was my internet or something of that nature but checked internet and it was fine. It was time to get customer support on the line. They had me do a factory reset on the device and wala just like that it started working again. Awesome right? Wrong! I had the same issue the next day, day after that and day after that. Every night for almost a week I’ve had to do a factory reset on the device in order to watch more than 5 mins of tv show. It was time to get customer support back on the line. I spoke with the support who stated I’d need to send the device in to their support team to see if they could fix it and if they couldnt they’d replace. That’s all well and good but at 3 months old it shouldn’t be having any issues. Maybe they sent me a lemon? Who knows but what I do know is after only 3 months of use it should still be working just as good as the day I took it out of the box.	1	February 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"i got this hoping to have a larger clock for viewing at night. clock is not really adjustable. also, the clock does not adjust like the echo spot does which glows and nice reddish orange at night making it easier on the eyes. Plus, i noticed you cannot touch the screen to snooze the alarm like the echo spot can. I find it very odd that basic functions are not universal throughout these devices. Touching the screen to snooze seems like it should all be the same action on all these echo devices, but nope. also, a few of the commands goes wonky and doesn't do what its suppose to. I say, Alexa, turn on ""sleep sounds"" and it does. but then i say ""alexa, turn off sleep sounds"" and alexa doesn't know what the heck i am talking about. very strange. Overall, i am not thrilled with this device. it is just.....ok."	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's just a glorified tablet with better speakers but lacks many features of a cheapo android tablet. For example, it has Bluetooth but you can't use a bluetooth headset for skype calls. I found that I can listen to music with my bluetooth headset but it immediately disconnects and switches to speakers, so if you're hoping to have skype calls with headset on, you're out of lack. This is a big flaw in my opinion with no reasonable explanation.Many complain about the screen constantly suggesting stuff and advertising Alexa skills. That didn't bother me too much. The interface is quite clumsy - for example YouTube is not an app, you get it via one of the available browsers on it and it can be very annoying because the screen is not well optimized. All in all, it's probably worth that $70 I paid for under a Prime deal but it has ways to go in maturity.	3	October 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like more in the eco show 5 that I can activate the camera without doing noise wake every body , the sound is not the best	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	After 10 months of use, here’s the verdict; it’s not great at a few tasks/functions at which it NEEDS to be great.1) the microphone array is horribly ineffective when the Echo Show 8 placed on a counter, near a back wall. And I mean within 12” of a back wall. It gets *even worse* when you act like a normal person and put it on a kitchen counter, under a cabinet, and near the back wall. I just had it try to give me information on National Cat Herding Day, 5 times in a row when I was just trying to run a routine that requires me to say “Good morning, it’s *my name* “. Ridiculous. It makes the device unusable for its intended purpose.2) the speakers, when in the same set of positions (near any rear wall, and on a kitchen counter under the cabinets, near the rear wall) sound bloated, tubby, and muffled. The bass output is just far too high and even when you turn the bass EQ slider down to its minimum setting, it’s still WAY too much bass. Diana Ross sounds like Barry White.So, in many respects, this beautiful device is unusable because it can’t understand me when I speak slowly and *CLEARLY* and I often cannot understand it when it responds. The second part isn’t usually as horrible because it so often responds with weird, completely unrelated things compared to my commands. See above.So, maybe moving the microphones onto the front of the baffle would help? Certainly permitting an EQ profile from 250hz and down that would permit boundary operation as opposed to free air.I’m actually an Audio Engineering Society member, and retired professional Audio engineer. Also an avid audiophile. So I’m technically an expert about these things of which I speak (no sarcasm).So, due to the consistently poor performance in these two critical areas, I’m forced to rate this one star and to tell you to avoid it if you’re going to use it near a back wall or on a kitchen counter.	1	February 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This HD 8 is our 2nd recently-purchased Echo Show, the other being a previously purchased Echo Show HD 5.  It replaced a standard Echo.  The sound and video are very good.  Setup was reasonably easy and Alexa integration is very good. However...It’s annoyingly quirky, starting with the settings, which are, oddly and confusingly, different than those on the HD 5.  The most annoying setting difference is the home screen “Wallpaper & Clock” selection; while you can choose different background “categories”, you can’t prevent them from rotating the multiple images (some being strange) within the chosen category, which becomes distracting eventually.  I had to change my background to “Minimal”, which is just a blank screen with a small time, weather icon, and outdoor temperature display in the upper left corner, also different than the HD 5.Another quirky/annoying thing that happens with our HD 8 is that streaming audio, from varying internet sources will just stop on its own, sometimes restarting on the HD 5 or just starting from the beginning on the HD 5, which is in the same room, but with a different wakeword.  This never happened with my Echo.The HD 8 does not recognize spoken requests/commands as well as the HD 5 or my Echo  I will try voice training to see if I can resolve this issue.Very disappointing.*** Update: Even using the ""Minimal"" background, or a single image uploaded via Alexa, the screen will blink at the same rate that other backgrounds rotate images, making me think that the HD 8 is rotating even these simple backgrounds, which can become very annoying, especially if the HD 8 is nearby, which in my case is a side table next to a chair I spend time in.  This additional discovery has caused me to reduce my rating from 2 stars to 1 and relocate the device to another room and bring back my Echo.  Had I know all this in advance, I never would have bought the thing, but now I'm stuck with it."	1	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Home use you ask Alexa for a certain song and she said can't find song by the eagles. I have another echo show 8 in my living room will play the songs you asked a smart one. Tell me the problem ????	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love a lot about these (we got 2) but the sound quality is truly terrible! We have echo dots in almost every room of the house and often listen to music on them with no complaints. I assumed the sound quality would be as good or better on these but boy was I wrong! It’s terrible!Also, we ordered 2. One will almost never play radio apps or iHeartRadio. I don’t know if it’s defective or what as the other one does work (poorly but it works) but if you ask the one to play music from any source other than Amazon music she says “sorry. I’m having trouble with this. Try again later” So frustrating!These are great for a lot of things but music is not one of them! If you plan to ever listen to music on one of these I be prepared to be disappointed!	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s nice but shouldn’t have to pay extra for it stand properly. Almost like an apple product. Forced to buy something that should already be included.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	We have three echo dots throughout the house and all of them work well.  This Echo Show which is in our kitchen seems to be hard of hearing.  We had to change the wake-up word on this show from Alexa to Echo because whenever we'd try to give it a command our Echo Dot clear down the hall in our office would try to respond because the show wouldn't respond unless you raised your voice.  It's still hard sometimes to get the Show to respond without yelling.	3	August 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Trying to make my home a smart home.  I buy products that are supposed to work with IOS and Android.  But I’m mainly iOS house.  It seems I request a light on or off.  And it’s like the skill isn’t working. Please disconnect and reconnect. Which I do. Then it works for a few days. Then let’s play the game again. Also watching a YouTube how to have my display work with a doorbell press and it shows me the ring cam.  Works with a test skill. But not in real life.  So smart homes sound nice.  But they have a lot ahead of them for stability. I wanted to love it. But don’t hate it.  Ohhhh I hate that my display says. Say Alexa this and that.  Just show my photos like I envisioned :)	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"More annoying than useful.  It has a screen, but when I ask for weather radar it just tells me the temperature with a picture of the number.  Useless.  The speaker is on the back, so when standing in front looking at the screen its quiet, but when standing on the other side of the countertop (where you can't see the screen) its extremely loud.  Just a bad design choice.  Its voice recognition isn't any better than my gen 1 device and it still ""chimes in"" that its expecting an interaction when nobody said its wake word.  Messaging still requires access to your phone, which is ridiculous and not going to happen.  It frequently asks me to confirm which device I want to turn on or off even though it heard me correctly according to the history in the app.  Why the hell does it have to repeat every question back to me before answering?  Just give me the damn answer!!  Very frequently its ""I found something on the web"" answers are nonsensical and blatantly wrong.  Just a really not-very-good device that essentially just boils down to a voice activation for lights device for me.  If that doesn't appeal to you, then wait for another 5-10 years probably before these things get programmed more appropriately."	2	November 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Unfortunately, my home network was hacked and using the Alexa developer mode, Alex API's, and various 3rd party apps and websites, soon all my Alexa Devices plys Ring security devices had beed programmed to listen in on my every word, plus view my ring doorbell activity, and receive 3rd party ring security system alerts 24/7.  I hVe decommissioned all my Ring and Alexa Devices, and after contacting Amazon, still have not received any advanced security / network advice from their tech team. Now with all our local neighborhood Amazon devices connecting and monitoring every  activity from me, my neighbors, and any nearby stranger I refuse to partake in BIG BROTHER AMAZON COLLECTING, SELLING OR OTHER WISE OWNING MY EVERY SPOKEN WORD, ON SCREEN CAPTURED VIDEOS / PHOTOS, CORRELATED TO MY EVERY STEP VUA GPS /TRIANGULATION, AND THE DEVICES I USE. Really Amazon.... It appears you have overstepped your rights and responsibilities regarding collecting, selling, and giving stare federal agencies user's private information.... When did you Mission Statement change from being ""the best online retailers, with the fastest shipping, etc, etc..."", to ""fooling consumer's into thinking we automate their lives, provide inexpensive home security, and create fun gadgets for their home, office, and car so in reality we can collect 24/7 data on our users whick we can use to market products to them, OR WHAT IF WE MAKE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS SELLING OUR TRUSTING USER DATA TO 3RD PARTIES, OF ALL TYPES, and they will have no idea how their private lives became public"". Shame on you Amazon.... Greed, money, corruption and control are you new objectives (mission statements)."	1	June 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Both my Echo 5 and Echo 8 occasionally add ""Home Content"" to my device which I have set to strictly be family slideshows. Now about once a week the Echo change themselves and start showing me shopping ideas, or the weather, or recipe ideas.  I have turned these items OFF on the Home Content screen many times, but they occasionally turn themselves back on. Unacceptable!"	1	November 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Amazon controls what you see on your Echo screen. For years there have been ""tips"" at the bottom of the screen which can't be turned off. Now there is ""Alexa for your day"" which hijacks your entire screen every screen rotation; you can't turn this off either. Even with screen rotation set to ""once"" it will still rotate every time the screen 'wakes up' or you interact with the device.Last year I bought this Echo Show 8 to replace a first generation Echo Show that's been on my Kitchen counter for several years. For years I have also been ignoring the unwanted tips at the bottom of the screen (Try ""Alexa, blah blah blah""). The latest version version of Echo software has added a new full screen slide (Alexa for your day!) to remind you, repeatedly, that you aren't using Alexa enough.'Tips' are fine for people who want to see them. Not being able to turn them off is ridiculous. Hijacking my screen, so that Alexa can advertise itself, is unacceptable. I deactivated this show and went back to my original Show a couple weeks ago.Today 'Alexa for your day' turned up on my old Show as well. I will be removing it from service as well.On the hardware side of things, the microphones on the Echo Show 8 are much less sensitive than the original Echo Show. I frequently had to repeat myself or raise my voice to get the Echo to respond.I liked the larger screen and fuller sound of the Echo Show 8 but the poor microphone response was very frustrating. Not being allowed to control the visual content on MY screen is a deal-breaker."	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like the 8in display, the sound is good I adjusted the equalizer but you can't adjust the the size of the clock display like in the show 5in. that I. Amazon customer service chat didnt know that you couldn't change the clock display, I tried to explain to them the wording in the show 8in was different from they're instructions.  I finally talked customer service and explained the situation and she found out and explained the show 8, show 10 you can't adjust clock size, only on the show 5. Took 1 star for this and another star for the constant ads to try this,do that Alexa can do this,that. Change settings but (try this ads) can't be stopped.  So annoying, I bought this to use as a video connection and picture frame not as a tv 24hr commercial station.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I really want to love the echo show 8.The screen size was right, the speakers good, and the sales price great.But if you are looking for a device that acts as your butler and follows directions this isn't it.If you want something that just starts giving you information (infomercials/ads) you don't want, this is the device you want.If you liked your parents telling you to clean your room, pickup your cloths and eat your  vegetables, this is the device for you.And the only way to stop it is to disable features by turning on do not disturb, turning off  notifications, and turn off the screen.I ordered a echo dot gen3 to be my butler. I'll put this back in the box and wait 6 months to a year to see if Amazon development has figured it out yet.	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I want to love our first ""Alexa"" device. However, it is constantly off-line, even though our Internet is fully connected. I hope to return it, even though the return window has passed. Perhaps, we will have better luck with an updated version?!?"	2	July 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have almost every different echo device and also have a smaller echo show so I wasReally excited about getting the echo show eight. Immediately, I noticed a huge flaw. The sound only comes out of the back of the device so it makes it very difficult to hear if you're trying to watch the screen and listen. You literally have to turn it around so the screen is facing backwards to get the clearest crispest sound.The device is slow and laggy often as well, often taking 10-30 seconds to connect to my ring doorbell. (with a 500mbps internet speed)You can watch Amazon prime video and Hulu but the device does not do a good job syncing with other devices on where you left off during a show so it makes it really difficult to pick up a show or leave off. It just doesn't work. Also the navigation inside those apps is next to nothing. You can choose from the most popular categories but there's zero discovery available.One thing I really wish it had the ability to do is customize the home screen beyond what Amazon deems as news. Yes, you can select types of news but can't select your sources.I wish I liked this device more but it feels like they launched it and haven't worked on the software since, in fact it feels like it's going backwards in progress.	2	July 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Apparently Amazon is having problems with their Echo Show 8 which is why I'm having to wait until after Christmas for my second Echo Show 8. The one I got today was defective right out of the box.I have to admit I was very surprised and sadden as I love my Echo Show 5 which works like a champ. I'm not sure why a larger version should have problems but I wish now I'd bought another Echo Show 5 instead as I would have a working unit for my living room now instead of a defective one.The problem seems to be the software. It keeps hanging up and the only way around it is to disconnect the power and then repower the unit and hope you can get through the part that hung up on you before. One menu required moving my finger up, to scroll down, instead of the usual moving the finger down to scroll down. That was totally weird.I am disappointed because I ordered the two Echo Shows as my main Christmas presents to myself. I wanted the 10s but I read they weren't very good for the almost double price. And the 8 is really big enough for what I want it to do--if it would do it.So my Christmas tree isn't going to have much under it this year which is a shame as this will probably be my last Christmas due to cancer. At least the Echo Show, due after Christmas, is from a different batch so maybe it will work right out of the box like my Echo 5.	2	December 16, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this at the end of 2020 I guess or so it says, and it died, just nothing, black screen, wont turn back on, tried unplugging it and plugging it back in nothing... I really liked it but not if its only gonna last , specially if it cant last 2 full years, ugh..When it works, the sound quality is good, and screen is nice a big, but Im really disappointed in not lasting very long.. It would freeze up time to time, so I dont know if that was a sign of it dying?  or just the how they are.	2	March 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	as with other alexa devices great when it works especially with simple questions  - the weather, a timer, play jazz etc.But to get to the other features sometimes it just takes too much effort and time - like finding certain utube video or a podcast on iheart or other podcasts.  and same as other devices when i say STOP - standing next to it - PLEASE STOP on the first or second request. Sometimes she is just too wrapped up in listening to herself to stop! LOLThe worst is when ALEXA SHOW teases me with something on the screen and i think  - ya i am interested -but not at this second  - i go back and try remember what it said to ask for  - and just can't find what she was talking about!	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Except, when compared to facetime (meaning mic pickups on an iphone or ipad) the sound quality of video (or voice) calls is far worse.  You would expect Echos - with there fancy mic setup - to offer better sound quality to the listener on the other end but it's like a bad 1980s speakerphone.One other thing - a nitpick, but - the art screen saver is one of the best, if not the best, that I've ever seen.  The scans are excellent and the variety of art is impressive.  HOWEVER - they don't tell you what each particular painting is (ok, reasonable choice not to clutter the screen) BUT Alexa also CAN'T TELL YOU what is on the screen even if you ask her.  This isn't a setting issue, the option isn't there.  So when my 5-year-old points to the Show and asks, ""who painted that"" I can not make it a teachable moment (or even, Amazon, a here's  good use of Alexa moment) I just have to shrug and say, ""I don't know, but it's beautiful."""	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa has got to be the dumbest AI ever invented, I keep wondering what computer programer thought this POS would be helpful in any way.One of the main reasons I purchased the echo show for the kitchen so I could ask for a recipe quick and not have to google something on my iPad and set the ipad up in the kitchen, just seemed like it might be a little more convenient.  Well the thing is so stupid, it gives me recipes for things i didn’t ask for, answers question to things i didn’t ask, and its favorite response is “Im not sure about that”.  I even asked it if it could answer a simple question and it said “ Im not sure about that”. Sometimes it doesn’t answer at all!  Every morning I ask it to play the same radio station, and every morning it gives me the same WRONG station, completely different from what i asked for, then i ask again really slowly so it can understand the words that are coming out of my mouth...and it defaults to Tunin (And i cant find anyway to disable Tunin) and tells me that station isn’t available on Tunin and i have to tell it to get my station from IHeart radio, which is set as my default streaming service anyway.  Isn’t this thing supposed to learn?  So its back to googling stuff on the iPad, only way to get decent results.  At least with the Echo Dot I didn’t get a visual result of how dumb it is.	2	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I probably have owned more than a dozen Amazon Echo products since they were introduced.  This was my first with a screen.  Having just installed a new home office desk I placed this Amazon unit side by side against the first generation competitor product.  In every case the competitor product was faster, slicker and better.Then I wanted to watch my young child on the baby monitor, the competitor product looked better, and worked fine.  The Show forced me to reboot the camera and even then spent 95% of the time buffering.  I have no idea why.  I have a modern high speed mesh network and no issues with any other devices.The competitor product has an absolutely delightful screen saver when not in use.  The Show has an inferior screen saver and spends 95% of the time basically showing ads for itself.  ""Why don't you try asking Alexa this?""  No thanks.  I'll accept a nice screen saver, but constantly telling me to play games with it, or try this command or that, is just annoying.  As is the fact that the clock and weather forecast keep changing position and size.I think the only reason to be wowed by this product is if you've never seen a competitor product.As a fan of Echo products generally, I can't believe what a miss this product was.  Now I admit I didn't spend weeks getting to know all the nuance and maybe cool bits, the fact that it sucked at just about everything I tried to get it to do made me lose interest very quickly."	1	March 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I received this as a gift for Christmas and wasn't really interested in getting it.  But it was set up so I could try it out.  It's fine to remind me of a birthday or something in the few days.  But if I ask for too many reminders, it says it can't do that.  Also, I ask it many questions that it says ""Sorry.  I don't know that.""  It's certainly not as good as just using Google or another online search engine.  Also, unless I want to pay for a $9.99 per month fee, a lot of songs I ask it to play aren't available.  Sometimes it says what I want played isn't available for free, but here's something from the same genre or similar artists.  So....I'd say Alexa is just so-so."	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I used to be a proud owner of your Alexa Show products. but recently the ""Alexa for your day"" screen has me totally pissed off.Spent to much money not to be able to disable this ""feature"". I've been staring at this screen for the last 10 min. at least, no more photos?. I am staring to wish I could return my products so I can use that money to buy from a different company (Google is sounding better every day I have to see that stupid screen).By the way one Echo Show (2nd Gen), Echo Show 8 and Echo Show 5 (Mom very disappointed at not being able to see family photos on her bedside Show 8). I will definitely not be purchasing the new Show 10 (as much as I think I would love the product).Change your policy regarding ""Alexa for your day"" feature? Finally changed to a photo after 18 mins. Stop being JERKS. When is my Echo Glow going to flash Morse Code messages? Wow, just tried to submit feedback and it would not accept it. Figures!!!!"	2	September 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this primarily as part of an overall security system for my home.  After setting this up with my Blink cameras, it worked for about a week, and now no longer shows live views of my Blink camera system.  Apparently this is a known problem, that is not being addressed or resolved by Amazon.  I plan to return both my Echo Show 8, and just purchased, Echo Show 10.  Along with my Blink Camera System.	3	August 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought 2 of these and my sister bought 1.  We put one in our Mother's assisted living apartment so we could drop in on her as she is no longer able to remember how to answer it.  She has no cell phone only a land line, so she is not able to have an Amazon account which this requires.  I added her to mine so I can drop in on her, but sadly no one else  can.  My sister will be returning hers.  We spent much time on the 800 number, but they conceded there is no way for more than one of her 5 children to use it due to the way Amazon set it up to work.  I believe it is a scam to bring in more money by getting folks to order amazon products off of it.  Also I have accidentally ordered music service at an $8 monthly fee, as well as another monthly service I do not want.  I will keep the 2 but will use it to visit my mother only.  For that it is very helpful in these difficult times of COVID when I cannot visit her in person.  We actually forget we are not in person visiting and it brings tears of joy to my eyes.	2	November 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I dislike the time-lapse on video drop in and alexa does task that I  don't ask for.	3	February 9, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	The product has great sound, and I frequently stream music to it from my laptop or phone.  The screen is also high quality.  But the usefulness stops there.  It's basically an Amazon Ad Machine.  You can put your own photos on the cloud, to allow the device to cycle through them, but 8 out of every 10 slides is either some dumb prompt to get Alexa to tell you a joke, or something else equally useless.  If you want to know how boogers get married, how tall Shakira is, or what time Costco opens, then this is the $100 paperweight for you.  Very little customization is permitted, so you can't really ever tailor it to any kind of practical functionality.  It's basically just what Amazon wants you to see.	2	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Three days after product support ended, it keeps on disconnecting from WiFi network. What is worse, it tells me problem is my router and suggests I power down my router, wait few minutes and power it on again. It is not my router! All other devices are working just fine, including Echo across the room from Echo Sho. I have a mesh router that covers my house very well. Needless to say I unplug Echo Show for 10 seconds, plug it back and it works again.  I'm thinking of using Amazon smart plug for this device so I don't have to unplug/plug this Echo show on daily basis and create a routine to cycle it off and on.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I was hoping this would be more of a tool instead of a screen alexa. The forced ads on screen are so obnoxious. Having a picture frame would be wonderful but the pretty picture turns into ads or ""news"" which I have no interest in. Basically Amazon is putting visual ad devices in our homes. If I had paid full price, I would be very unhappy. For the discounted price, I am okay with it. The sound is decent for the small box and when I am listening to music, it is fun seeing the name of the track on screen. I have 7 alexa's around the house and this one is the most annoying one. My dream was that I could pull up my entire spotify account and scroll through my playlists and control them. That is totally not possible with this device."	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Yea so if your looking for something comparable to the google nest hub or nest hub mini this is not it, no casting options what so ever. The Hulu usage is restricted to just the main profile you can not change what profile you are watching on. I feel the response time of both the touch screen and the Alexa are slower than my echo or even my multiple Echo dots. HOWEVER at the time of this review the new echo show with the swivel has just been announced and it’s said that the echo show line should be getting casting and Netflix support so we will see. The non native YouTube app using Firefox is frustrating and slow as well. I bought my mom one and me and I would say it’s strongest feature is the seemless video chat. That and using as a kitchen assistant is a lot of fun.	3	October 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Good to have to FaceTime with my parents	3	March 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Have issues with voice recognition quite often.  Issues with syncing smart plug and other app for turning light on.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	so i bought two of these. they initially seemed awesome, but as time went on they began to have issues.First and foremost the sound one day came out awful like the music is being played underwater on both devices while my other echos are fine. I tried finding a phone number for tech support, there isn't one, you just have to send an email and wait. I received a reply saying this was known issue and they are working on it, well still no resolve.Also, the voice activation (the main reason people get this lol) is super hard to do on one of them, I can call it echo 9 times the same way and it only pics it up once or twice, super frustrating.These should have been awesome, but they are not. I rated them 3 stars because when they do work, they control stuff flawlessly, but these are major issues I cannot overlook and the tech support sucks.	3	May 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Wanted to like it.  Surprisingly fine sound quality for price and size.  Software stinks.  Although Amazon makes these to enable easier shopping on its site, it doesn't even do that well.  Very poor integration between the audio and visual inputs and outputs.  Seems as if they took a voice-only Alexa device and cobbled a touchscreen onto it.  Also toy-like, and not in a good way, because it offers jokes geared to a nine-year-old.  I found it infantile.  My cat, who is middle-aged in cat years, concurs.  Although on-sale it was only a few dollars more than an Echo with clock, I'm returning it because it's just super-annoying.	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I like to product for the technology, but the human use design needs some work. the angle for the camera and unit overall is cumbersome and frustrating. The angle of the the products design points to far upward, forcing you to put something under it to angle it downward,  If you stand in front of it, you need to be back a ways from the camera. It just points to far upward. I'm looking for stand or bracket to mount it that will allow you to adjust the angle. For now, it will sit on the counter, staring at the ceiling, or the dinner table with a book under it, just depends on your preference of angle.	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Suddenly Alexa refuses to play streamed radio such as public radio stations, their unique news and music. That then makes it next to worthless to me. Instead, will now buy Google Nest Minis!	2	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this to be a display for my Amazon Blink security camera system. It was advertised as such when you look it up through Blink. Come to find out that they don't have the programming worked out yet to properly connect the systems. Misleading advertising!	3	November 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	What used to be a handy, attractive device is now mostly just a way for Amazon to deliver advertisements to you.Prime video shows. Disney promotions. Ads for “skills” you’re not vaguely interested in. And more ads for “skills” you’re not vaguely interested in.Worst of all, the preferences you set, either on the Show or in the Alexa app, don’t mean a damn.You may want things available on the Show 5, you may turn them on, but no- you won’t get stock updates on the Show 8. But you will get suggestions for trivia games???The Show 8 sounds worse and is less functional than the Show 5, but they are both mainly things you can buy so Amazon can show you advertisements for other things you can buy.Like 10 out of every 30 minutes are commercials.Surprise!!!	2	December 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The sound is good, the touchscreen is very nice to have, and I really enjoy watching a slideshow of my photos. There are many more good things versus bad things but there are 2 bad things that prevent me from giving it 4 or 5 stars. The most annoying of the 2 bad things is the constant message on the screen that says ""Try this ........"", if there is a way to remove this, I haven't found it and it's absurd that it never goes away. The 2nd bad thing is that it needs a built in stand. I know that Amazon wants to make more $ by selling a stand separately but without a built in stand, the price that Amazon wants for the Echo 8 isn't as great of a value as you would expect from Amazon. Without a stand of some type, the camera is useless unless you have something on your ceiling that you want the camera to see.  I created my own stand because I'm not giving Amazon more $ for something they should include."	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It worked great for a while, but just last night, it stopped responding to the wake up word, so I tried unplugging it and plugging it back in.That did nothing.So I followed Amazon's support guide and tried a factory reset (hold mute and volume down).That brought up the Echo logo with a red sign with an exclamation mark in it.I gave it a bit, it didn't do anything, so I tried power cycling it again, which did nothing again.This left me with the only other option, factory reset it again, which I did, and it got me to the Amazon logo, but now, no matter how long I leave it unplugged, leave it plugged in, or factory reset it, nothing works, it just sits at the Amazon logo forever now.The thing bricked itself while I slept.I haven't even had this thing for a year and a half, and the replacement window closed in October.For the amount I spent on it, I would have expected it to last for years, not under a year and a half.My Echo Dot has been going strong for like 3 years now with no issues, so why not the Show 8?	1	March 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Muy bueno	3	April 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Overall a good device. However, the reason I downrated it is that ""wallpaper"" photos don't  show up correctly, they show up on the middle and then burred on the side, sort of as 3 photos, but the one in the middle good, but the two sides burred.  .  We decided not to use photos.  Our Echo 1 is  alot better for pictures. I even talked with an Amazon Representative and he seemed to think it was a design defect.  Very disappointing, but I like the device anyone for other reasons.  We just use the canned wallpaper.Also, supposedly got a ""trade in"", but no box or information on sending it back was included.  What is even more disturbing is the ""Amazon card"" and the ""trade in"" were charged to my Credit Card account.  When I haven't gotten any information on returning my trade in, that is disturbing."	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	When you ask for something like “play the news”, it feeds you the same audio content you could get on any other echo device. I expect to get video whenever I ask for that kind of content. If I wanted to only hear audio I could just get that from my other echo devices. Overall the video aspect seems to only be helpful if you touch the screen and choose to watch something from Amazon Prime. I expected to be able to ask Alexa to play or “show” me content when I’m doing something in the kitchen. Instead I just get the same boring audio content no matter how I ask. If you want a photo frame and clock with the weather then this device is great. Otherwise, save your money and just get a regular echo speaker. 👎👎	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is basically an Amazon tablet attached to a bigger, deeper sounding speaker. It has good volume and sound. It has a mic off button and a cheap sliding plastic bit to block the camera. The clock display is sufficiently large, though I wish it were more customizable, including full screen. That is about the extent of my praise though. The software is dumbed down, they could have taken existing Fire tablet software and added Alexa integration and it would have been a much better product. The interface is clunky and slow and Amazon seems to think it is an in home billboard. It has Prime Video, but only that, no other Fire TV features like Apps (hello, Android based tablet here) that would have greatly improved the product. I got this for Xmas and am using it in my bedroom as essentially an Echo with a display screen. Honestly that is all I expected it to be, but I am still disappointed because of what it could have been. I have also discovered to my chagrin that there a lots of third party stands for the Echo Show, but no battery pack. How hard could it be to build a battery pack into a stand? Somebodies got to be making that soon, right?	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We had an Echo 5 but it got dropped and lefted the screen unusable. So we bought the 8. We love how much bigger the screen is as we use it to talk to family in another state. At first the video calls worked perfectly but it didn't take long before the video calls became glitchy and freeze. It's very frustrating that we can't use the feature we bought it for!!!	2	May 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I wanted this show to be a clocked alarm also.  The option was disabled until further notice to be able to change the clock face or to enlarge the time display.  It's large with options on the 5, a less expensive smaller screen but not available on the larger more expensive screen.  I wear glasses, I'm a senior and wanted something I didn't need to be up close to recognize those displays.  Nothing was mentioned in the write up about unable to change the clock and size. It is listed in the write up for the 5 but I wanted a larger display.  Sending back as it really does not accomplish want I need.  I have echo speakers, I have the spot but wanted to be able to have a large screen with large numbers and choices.  Not on this one.  Disappointed.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really wish you could see personal recipes on the Echo Show.  It was such a let down when I got this!  My random recipes that I've saved throughout the years won't show up because they aren't on any of the sites that Amazon is contracted with.  I've tried to use AllRecipes personal recipes and it's a joke and never works.  I almost sent this product back because of it but decided to keep it anyways.  Hopefully they can fix this because it's a HUGE turnoff!Other features work great, she recognizes our voice from across the room, and the play music, drop in and add things to a list feature are awesome.  I also love how the shopping list links to the app on your phone.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It constantly goes to black screen instead of showing photos. Amazon regularly adds elementsto the screen carousel rotation that I don’t want. This is a terrible product	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I've had mine for about 4 months now and for the most part it was working beautifully. NOW for some reason it no longer reads my Audible books. It says, ""Sorry, I'm having trouble playing to book."" for any book I attempt to have it read. Prime videos play with no problems but not my Audible books. Really annoying.  One other thing, I wish the clock stayed centered. You have that nice big screen and the clock is usually floating off to the side somewhere.UPDATE: after owning this for a couple of years I still on occasion have the problem playing my audible books. Also Prime Videos seem to shut off when playing. I’ve learned to treat my Echo like a computer and “reboot” it every so often.  I unplug it for about 15 minutes and plug it back in. That seems to do the trick for a while."	3	August 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Yes, for the most part the voice commands to control devices on alexa are good.  But so are generic brand of today.  One thing I finally use the show was to play youtube.  There is no command to just do simple action like next song or play.  If I have to use my finger than it isnt SMART.	3	September 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	usually Love the Echo show unfortunatly the show 8 setup is Not easy to use. Having difficulty trying to Link the other Echo devices in our home.	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Overall, I prefer the dots, the show is nice BUT if anything triggers the alexa set ups middle of night, screen and light come back on.  (t is annoying to have the light and screen on when trying to sleep, so I turned it off at bedtime.)BAD so had to remove it from bedroom which is where I purchased it for.  Sometimes slow in responding and has to be told same thing multiple times.  Thing I hate MOST is the screen for 8 when showing my pictures does not show them in a bigger profile just splits the image into 3 pieces. HATEFUL.  Had I known this I would have saved the extra dollars and purchased the cheaper  5.  I have owned this device since Jan so I think I have given it a fair trial.	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"A couple of months ago or so, Amazon started putting up this ""Alexa for your day"" screen periodically on Echo show devices.  Periodically in the past, Amazon would start popping up visual content that I didn't want, but generally after poking around and reading up on the internet I could find a way to disable that.  It felt like a sort of not-so-amusing battle between me and them for control over what shows up.  One one of my devices I just want a plain black background showing just the time, date, and a small current-weather icon.  That's it.  On another I like to rotate family photos.For the most part I've had this, again, periodically having to whack-a-mole on new features that are added and helpfully ""turned on"" for me until I find out how to disable.Now this ""Alexa for your day"" thing rotates in periodically, even though I have the screen rotation feature set to off.  Customers have been complaining bitterly about this since it happened.I periodically just say ""screen off"" so I don't have to look at it, but then if I ever actually use the thing, the screen is back on again.  I can't even turn it into an oversized non-visual Echo device.I no longer trust Amazon to give me reasonable control over the screen that I bought.Don't buy one of these things.  Unless you really don't care what random crap Amazon decides to display on your screen, at an interval they select, with no way for you to turn that off."	1	April 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I use this to view our Ring cameras and it works great for that. I also use it with my Amazon Photos to scroll through my photos like a digital frame. I love that it can do this! I've only had my Show for about a week and am using my Spotify with it for the first time. The sound quality is terrible. First, the sound is just bad. Second, it keeps changing volume and then just cuts out. The sound quality of my Echo Dot is on par with most Bluetooth speakers we have used but I don't even have a comparison for the Show. I'm a music lover and listen almost constantly and to have this poor sound quality on what is now going to be my main music source is disappointing.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My first two units work flawlessly, however this one does not. I have moved it to different locations and different rooms but it goes offline a much as its online. Not a fan like I used to be. However when it is working its pretty cool to have around	3	October 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love Amazon products, but I dont have an option to stop the constant screen movement.  It is so distracting!  I want to be able to set the widgets like time and temperature overlaid on the screen, with pictures in the background, without constant text on the screen that changes every few seconds. That constant change is so annoying.  I dont care about tips or news when I dont want it, and I definitely dont want it to scroll because it is so annoying and distracting.Amazon, you have been challenged to give users the option to not have the text based tips scroll, or news or whatever.  A user should have full control over what their digital displays present.Until I have that option, I will not recommend echo shows, nor will I leave my screen on.	3	October 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I didn’t get directions so don’t know how to use it	3	February 19, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	What really kills this is 2 things: No apps, and no One-command youtube lookup. Having to command alexa to open youtube, then have to  physically go to device, tap around and actually open a video is a complete defeat of purpose for some thing like this. also doesn't pick up voice as well as a 3rd gen echo it replaces, i didn't expect an upgrade in this aspect, but i certainly did not expect an downgrade, as it only picks up my voice 7/10 times i speak to it, where the 3rd gen echo dot was 9/10 . No apps for this also kills the need for having a screen, if all i can do i check my ring camera and see a weather forecast, i could save my money, do that on my phone, and just keep using the echo dot.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I got the Echo Show 8 to hook up with Blink mini security camera that came with it with no luck yet.	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I like the quality of the sound and video display.  What I do not like is the limitations of the device, even with I would consider basic Amazon service functionality.  If I start a video and then pause it to return later I have to navigate back to the original movie listing in Prime Video to continue watching it.  I have not found a way to quickly return to a video I am watching without having to scroll through all the available movie listings until I reach the menu location of the movie.  I have activated the ""free year"" Food Network subscription but the service does not make it easy to find a specific type of recipe, such as ""dinner salad"".  Asking for a display of ""dinner salads"" resulted in a few actual salads and then several listings for wing recipes."	3	October 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am a self proclaimed gadget person.  I usually like them all.  The show 8 however is not helpful to me.  I was excited to get this at a great price on Black Friday...I thought I did all the research and knew what I was buying.  I do alot of work in my basement and needed a TV kinda thing to keep me company.  This is not this.  I have a susription to Hulu Live but I could not get this to stream.  It will play videos from Netflix and Hulu and Prime,  but not stream.  I looked up everything I could on trying to conect this but Google youTube and Help could not show me how.  I am going to try my Kindle.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was excited for the echo show 8 and ordered as soon as it was released. After setting up and using for a few weeks I am overall disappointed as it feels more like a prototype than an 8th versionPros-Good voice recognition-Speakers are great-Works as a good clock-Works with RingCons-Overall choppy. Alexia can’t do a lot of things. Also freezes regularly and I have to unplug and plug back in-I wanted to use as a baby monitor with my foscam. I was only able to set up 2 of my 3 cameras for some reason as the 3rd camera wouldn’t discover. When I view  the camera it stays up for about 5 minutes then the screensaver comes on. It looks like there is no way to keep the display on so its basically useless for me-Doesn’t work smoothly with Nest as they are forcing me to migrate my nest account to google for it to work-Doesn’t integrate too well with Spotify. Very choppy.Overall disappointing!	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We received this as a gift for Christmas. My kids enjoy being able to watch video and play games on the screen, and I enjoy being able to look up recipes, as well as just turn music on by my voice. However, a couple of times now I have had to reset the show by unplugging and repluging it in, as all of a sudden no music/sound will play. I can here Alexa just fine, she does her thing and says she is playing a song/video/game, but then after that, there is no sound. I am not sure what that is, but it's not a huge deal as it was a gift, and I have wanted one for a while. It's not that inconvenient to hard reset the show every once and a while.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is great, but for some radio stations the volume varies too much.  This might be because it uses I heart radio.  The tutorials for using advanced features are almost hopeless.  For example,  I haven't figured out how to do Zoom meetings with it.  I am looking forward to doing more with it, but it is going to be a struggle.	3	September 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Costs way too much for what you get	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	We got this to replace our cell phones for video calls with our grandchildren. The device itself works fine, but it is basically stationary and at a preset angle. We frequently only see our grandkids' eyes or hands as they don't fit the camera's frame when sitting still and they also move out of frame a lot. This isn't their fault, they're kids. But if you're buying this and expect 5 and 7 year-olds to be perfect subjects for video calling, you'll be disappointed.On another note, we find this device to be VERY INTRUSIVE.  We quickly tired of it listening to everything and now turn the microphone and camera off unless we specifically want to ask it something (my wife tells it to play exercise routines) or make a call.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The ES8 is a nice unit but it would be nice if Amazon could make it possible to get rid of the Try Alexa ----on the bottom. One reviewer said to go to home and clock then home content and then turn off Discovery. That's not quite correct for the ES8, that is how you get rid of the Try Alexa on ES5 not the 8. There is no Home and Clock, the 8 has a wallpaper and clock and right below that is the home content where you find discovery, and you can turn it off until you turn blue in the face, it will not cancel the Try Alexa. Maybe I have a different ES8 or Amazon posted the review for the wrong Echo Show. The second difference from the es5 is the clock. You have one setting. Overall the ES8 is a nice unit, just wish Amazons software department would have kept some of the features the 5 has. I'm just hoping they can send out some updates to fix these glitches.	3	November 28, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"This thing constantly requires to have its advertising features turned off. I didn't buy it to give me ""suggestions"" or to show me all the wonderful things that it thinks I need to spend my money on. I have turned off all these ""suggestion services"" in the settings multiple times. I'm about ready to throw it away."	1	October 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa hears what she wants! Music stops and starts all on its own. System has a mind of its own for sure. Amazon music has glitches as well	2	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This device does many things, so of course there is a learning curve.  The Alexa app is often obtuse, making features hard to manage.  I wish you could show the selected background when playing music, but if it can be done, it isn’t clear how.  Disappointingly, COMMERCIALS appear from time to time, and not only for Amazon products.  I fear they may proliferate.  That “feature” ought to be clear in the description at the time of purchase, and  some way available to eliminate them, even at a price.  They cheapen the product - I would hide it if I had company- and leave a bad taste in my mouth for Amazon as a company.  Sneaky.	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I wish it had battery so can use it insted of it being pulled in all the time.	3	January 28, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I like this device in principle. When it is working, it’s terrific.The problem is that we never had 100% performance out of the device. Today it finally crapped out. A timer alarm went off, and the only way to stop it was to unplug the device.Oh well.	2	June 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	So far time and date,weather	3	March 5, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Disappointed in the picture share with family. Way to difficult to set up. Then it won't show the photos more than once.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	This was actually a gift and at 82years old its impossible. Why you dont include simple instructions is beyond me	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"The Echo Show is barely usable, yet has great potential.I say this because I wanted a nice Clock/iHeartRadio/Calendar/Weather Forecast/Voice Control for home automation device for my desk.  The Echo Show fails to provide these services...seamlessly.  Each of my requirements can be individually met, but not together.  Let me explain: If you are listening to iHeartRadio, then you cannot see the clock/weather/etc...  The BASIC function of what time it is does not work if you are listening to a radio stream.  The iHeartRadio app takes total control of your display, NO ROTATION of other apps.  There goes the clock.  Further, the font for the clock is not configurable.  Epic Fail for those with less than perfect vision.  The ability to customize this product to my desires/needs is why I rate this product as being barely able to be sold as an automation product.  To add insult, Amazon runs hints across the bottom of the screen: Try ""Alexa, open ....""  This is nothing but annoying SPAM!  You cannot disable this ""feature"".  I own most of the Echo product line and threw out the Google products because even with all of Echo's short comings it's still better than Google.  If you think that the Harmony product line integration with Echo is good, you are wrong.  Again, barely crosses the line of usability.  Example, you cannot set up a voice command to execute a single IR button (ie. arrow up, arrow down, etc..).  I have installed high end automation equipment in my house (Crestron) and compare this product with decent home automation.  Echo is not ready for ""prime time"" yet, has great potential...eventually...hopefully."	1	November 30, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"I got this to stay connected to my parents in other states. It's a simple gadget that is good for video chatting with people who don't have I-phones for Facetime.  Was disappointed on two things - first that it has to be plugged in the entire chat time, so not portable; and second, that the camera does not have any tracking ability so you have to stay right in front of it the whole time to be on camera.  It's my first Alexa device and she isn't as good as Siri in my opinion.  Lot's of requests are responded with ""I don't know about that"" or something similar.  If you are looking for a simple tool and it's on sale then might be a good choice."	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Radio	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I got the echo 4th gen a month ago so that I could do daily things that normal people do without complications, like turning on and off the lights. I thought that it worked really well and improved my life a lot, so I got the echo show 8 recently, as I moved and wanted to set up a camera at the front of the house.Within 10 mins of setting it up with the echo in my room, the screen changed colors and froze on this, giving this appearance. I tried to do the ""factory reset"", holding down the mute and volume down button for 15 seconds, only to see that the apple logo I was waiting for was also distorted as well. Since I de-registered it, there's no way of registering it anymore, other than that I bought it from amazon themselves just days ago.Whats worse is, my 4th gen echo is now permanently displaying a green ring. After just touching this echo show 8 for a few minutes and trying to set up speakers in 1 room, it's permanently damaged as well. It was a massive amount of money just for everything to break within seconds. The lights still turn on and off themselves, but this kind of malfunctioning is deadly. I just have asthma; Imagine an elderly person relies on this for their life, and it fizzles out with no way of repairing it.I don't know what to do other than return it at this point. My other echo device is permanently blinking green, with no hope of returning or refunding it."	1	April 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Two stars for a nice idea. Over priced and under powered. I used this for a day or two and found the usual configuration death march does not let me customize as I want. Picture quality is good for its size, sound is adequate but tinny, but I have a better speaker system dongled off my computer; I really do not want to have to have a conversation with a stationary robot.I want to use my fonts for display -- no can do. I want to use my own backgrounds -- no can do. I want a micro sd card slot (capacities and speed are always improving already I can get fast 512gb micro cards for my phone and tablet; 1tb cards are coming up fast.) and a usb port to transfer files. I also want to be able to turn off the screen or at least put it to sleep for a period of time. I think I can turn off the microphone, but only Amazon knows for sure. I want to be able to turn off the camera not merely cover the lens. Since I had to link it to Wi-Fi I want an option to reset the device to factory defaults, I do not recall seeing that function in the app or a button on the device. I have no real assurance that what is mine stays mine.	2	June 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this specifically because I wanted to be able to video conference with my folks on a bigger screen and hands free. The Echo 8 also has the ability to turn off the video and microphone which was important to my folks who are old fashioned and always worried ""big brother"" is watching. What I don't like about this is that you cannot talk at the same time. If Mom and I say something at the same time the audio gets cut off and it's extremely frustrating for her. Pretty irritating to me as well. She ends up giving me a disgusted look and I realize she would rather just talk on the phone. As far as the other features, this touts an awesome recipe integration but it doesn't work with Google and that's where I find the best recipes. I hate it's browser interface. it doesn't have nearly the smarts of a Google device. I would return it if I could but its too late."	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had trouble from the start.  The station I had playing would just stop playing.  After the cobwebs were out it’s much better and just today it lost the station again.  After that I’d ask Alexa a couple questions and she’d say, ‘I don’t know that’.  I have an echo dot in the bathroom and had no trouble.	3	September 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Amazing sound from thisMy primary use is for musicTo make the suggestion and tips to go away you have to turn everything offIt is annoying, would it keep me from buying another... Probably notOf I could just turn them off and turn on a calander and clock I would buy 3 more 5"" screens a week ago!Too much is forced to work only one specific way when there is so much more potentialDo I love it ... YES!Would I get an 8"" again YESBut you loose 1 star to lack of personalizationUpdate , deducted 3 more starts for lack of ability to remove the ""suggestions""I know what it can do, I want a clock, weather and calander upAnd the ability to play musicOnly thing you have 100% is music , clock is almost there . I need the weeks weather and a calander to the right of it with the months day's showing"	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"While I like most of the functionality of this device, I'm not able to get over the display (as others have commented).  It should be simple enough for Amazon to allow users to customize their display (background colors, no movement/changing screens, clock face, etc.).  Also, this device lacks the live TV that I'm able to get thru my Google equivalent.  I had been an Alexa user (still a much superior name than ""Hey Google""), but when placed in the kitchen the aesthetic becomes important as does the live TV.  Again, seems like easy fixes that AMZN will eventually get to but for now they have fallen behind in this race."	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I’m not sure how I feel about this yet. It’s okay, but I bought this primarily because I have a ring doorbell and I thought it would be easier to view when I did not have my phone on me... well I was wrong, sound is distorted sometimes depends and it seems to lose connection even though the WiFi is on and all other devices are fine.The touch screen sometimes get stuck so I have to press over and over and sometimes harder than what I’d like to. Seems to be sensitive but doesn’t really align easy. The whole slide out feature is also frustrating because it works sometimes and other it does not.Apps are 🤷🏽‍♀️ Okay I guess...  but it’s basically a more expensive tablet.But back to the reason I bought it. The ring app can be connected but it does not pop up an alert, when hearing the tone on my phone I have to open the app and it’s only the live feed and now the short videos or stills...So all in all... I’m going to see if it grows on me, but if not I’ll return it doesn’t make sense to have if it’s not doing what I need it to to.	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I don't get why people are complaining about Try this or that messages.That's only at the bottom.What I get all over the screen is more anoyting - all kind of messages - like:COMMUNICATIONSCall your friends and family....Somebody suggested using some options in  the app to disable this. Well it didn't work. I disabled Thing to Try and all others, but still getting them all.Overall this looks like some kind of Demo/In-Store mode being enabled on a shipped device. Just imagine spending years with this and all day long it goes the info that I can call friends and family. This thing is going back.I got an idiot from support suggesting i disable Communications. Not only that it doesn't work, i don't get how did she come with an idea to disable features like calling just to get rid of this. And it's not only Communications, there is HULU etc., all over the screen and currently playing pictures.The only way to disable this crap is to set Do Not Disturb. Now that disables so many things including the ability to receive calls.Update: recently i disabled Do Not Disturb as my son got into habit calling me from his room above. After a few calls i started getting something like this : ""frequent calls from *****, do want to call again"" ? So, some autistic engineer from Amazon had idea that the feature should solict me to make a call to somebody, as if i am complete idiot and don't know if want or don't want or need or don't need to call somebody."	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Had difficult time getting it linked up to Blink Video doorbell	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Still getting to learn my way around but most of all I wish I can turn off all those suggestions	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	My first one quit doing morning routines and many times you would ask it a question and it would say I don't know the answer to that. So they sent me a second one and for a couple of months it worked, then most mornings you tell it to play my morning routine and it says okay and does nothing. Then a couple of days ago it quit showing wallpapers, just a blue screen, and after unplugging it a couple of times it would work for a couple of hours. I since have had to do a factory reset. Google can understand anything you ask it but with alexa you have to be very clear and direct and still it may not have an answer. I'm beyond disappointed with a company who's technology excells as Amazon does, but they can't make a simple device that works, and you don't have to talk to it as I would my 1 1/2 year old granddaughter😡	2	September 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Had to get family member to set up and still trying to figure out how to work	3	January 23, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Video and sound quality very good,easy set up. Checking e-mails helpful. Only 1 e-mail address per acct,that sucks.I offered a suggestion for that.I have Arlo pro and pro cam 2 Arlo Base VMB3500 does not work or base is defective will not connect cams via Echo show 8 Arlo skill .After spending hours with Amazon and Arlo tech I decided to install my other Arlo Base.VMB4000r3 now works great with Echo Show 8Skills are a bit of a joke, nothing like ap's.Police scanner skill useless, very few selections.Earth cam skill waste of time, difficult to change locations of cams. Saying echo next  big waste of timeThese skills need work. Whoever writes these skills needs to check out the corresponding ap for features.Have a good day !!	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love this product.  About two months in and one day the product stopped working.  just woke up and it was off.  Didn't loose power nothing just was off. I have many Alexa products so tried to switch the power cord out with another one and that was the problem.  So I have to purchase a $20 cord because I am out of my window for returns.  I just paid 100$+ for a product and now I have to pay more because a failed cord.  Very annoyed!	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I think that this device has the potential to be good, it just isn't at this point.  My device frequently misunderstands what I am saying.  I do not have a speech problem or a thick accent of any kind.  It is nice that you can set a timer, but my phone can do that.  It is nice that you can play games on it, but since she frequently misunderstands speech, I've lost quite a few of the games I've tried.  I don't like that the only way to shut her down is to unplug her.  I haven't used the device for video calls yet.  She stays unplugged the majority of the time that I am around her.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was very close to shopping this back.  I hate the speaker on it.  It’s horrible for playing music.  I have an echo that I was replacing my show with and big mistake!  Sound quality for talking is great but if you want to use it as a music speaker don’t count on it.  I’ve messed with all the settings and nothing makes it better.  As far as the HD quality it’s awesome.  They definitely get 5 stars on that!  I’m a music lover and expected some good quality speakers in this but not quite.  I can’t wait for the release of the one with premium audio!  I’m on the list for that one and I’m praying it doesn’t disappoint!	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Maybe I am “Alexa illiterate“, but this is my first Alexa device aside from Alexa on our fire stick remotes. While I am an avid Apple user (iPhone), I love our Google homes! I purchased one of these for me, my mom and my Grams for Christmas so that we could all video chat without using our phones. I have set this up as a child device and reset to factory settings three times to set up as an adult device and I cannot for the life of me figure out how to do basic things. I consider myself mostly tech savvy, but I cannot get Alexa to do a video call, find the right contacts or even pull up my ring doorbell. She answers simple questions, shows me the weather and can set a timer — big whoop. I’ve had this for a week and I am not impressed with this device whatsoever, do not see the hoorah or hype about it. Had these came in before Christmas (like they were supposed to) where I could’ve tested them before gifting them, I would be sending all three of them back. I wish I would have gone with the Portal. Do not waste your money.	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Couldn't hear me or distinguish what I was saying when I was literally standing over it. I have dots and flexes that work so much better. I got it mainly for the smart connect to cameras but even that, u can't zoom, there is a minimum zoom that does squat. I do like the recipes that's come up that convenient for me. The camera is Doo doo. The audio is ok definitely expected more. All in all I wound up giving it to my sister as a gift as I still sit here and pay on it. But now that I don't have it I miss it, meaning for the recipes in the clock.. So if that says anything to you I wound up buying the upgrade and got the echo show premium and that's on its way so I'm yet to see how this one will be..	3	June 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Everything I asked Echo 8 to do, costs extra!  Fortunately my brother gave me an iPad, which I readily admit costs more, but in the long run is cheaper, because a lot of the features it offers, come with the unit and you don't get billed every month for something you thought would be included with the package.  For instance, when I asked it to play a classical piece by Beethoven, a cello piece by Yo Yo Ma came up.  Since when does Yo Yo Ma sound like Beethoven??  If I wanted the 9th Symphony, I would have to pay for it. Echo 8 went back immediately.	3	May 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I've been using various Echo devices for about a year now. I'm disabled and wanted to be able to see around my house with cameras and this seems like the easiest way to do that. I have had difficulty adding cameras. It's also a little slow with Ring. Connections are a lot slower than I had hoped. Volume level is difficult to set. If I set volume for music I can't hear Alexa. if I set the volume for Alexa, the music is too loud.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"My friend and I each own three Echo Shows .  A major ongoing issue has to do with ""Drop Ins"" to each other's homes.  There is NO WAY to direct Alexa to ""Drop In"" to a specific device at the other's house even though each device has a different name.  For ex, when I ""Drop into"" my friend's Echo Show, it always goes his livingroom and can’t be redirected to his kitchen.  When he “drops in” on me, the DROP IN call will show up on randomly on one of my 3 devices but it is unpredictable as to whether it will be on the device in livingroom, diningroom, or kitchen.  Messages to AMAZON Alexa for help have brought absolutely no response.  Not even a courtesy ""we are looking into the problem.  Since DROP IN is the feature we use most, I rate it a disappointing 3."	3	May 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I loved this product until it started actin up recently. I have only had it for 3 weeks and right from the start it wouldn’t open up Netflix and sometimes when it plays music, the music will either randomly stop or it just won’t play at all but it shows on screen that it’s playing.  Now the thing won’t even turn on! I have reset it an unplugged it and still nothing. It’s quite frustrating when I literally bought it less than a month ago. I’ve never had such bad luck with a brand new electronic before. I even own the echo dot and I’ve had it for well over a year now and no issues at all.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is a cool little device to see a ring doorbell but not really useful just another alexa device	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The voice recognition on this Echo is BEYOND useless—it fails to hear “Alexa” frequently and nearly ALWAYS messes up requests by misunderstanding what you’re saying, will stop listening to your requests before you’re even finished speaking it, and will frequently hear you correctly but just decide not to respond or carry out your task.Do yourself a massive favor, and do NOT buy this product—you think the problems are manageable until you’re literally about to throw your Echo through the window.I literally have no idea why Amazon even continues to sell this device.  Ohhh, that’s right—corporate greed.	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Fist and foremost the unit has firmware issues that require reboots when it doesn't recognize any voice commands. I've seen this on my brothers unit as well as mine. Secondly it is really nice to say show me a recipe for banana bread and it will show you one, including a video of how to make it. You are paying for an overpriced screen to see recipes on. When Alexa says there is a weather alert in your area and you ask it to show you a weather map it CAN'T do it.  But don't worry you can make banana bread during the tornado! Just an over priced screen that you can do everything and more on your phone or tablet.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I eventually got rid of this device. We have other Echo devices, but since this one had a screen, I was constantly reminded that it is a billboard/marketing device. The straw that broke the camel’s back was that it was always suggesting that I get news from Al Jazeera. To put it very very nicely, I do not agree with Al Jazeera’s world view and do not want to get my news from them.I would press the ‘little three dots’ to bring up the menu to select “don’t suggest items like this” (or whatever the verbiage is), but guess what? The Echo device would suggest Al Jazeera after a week or so. After this didn’t work 3 or 4 or 5 or 10 times, I realized that this is no different than a billboard next to the freeway —I have no control or say as to what is shown to me. Why have the device then? It’s lucky I gave it away rather than smashing it with a hammer like I originally wanted.Ask yourself, “Is this a tool that helps me, or is this a tool that is helping out someone or something else?” I say the latter.	2	December 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I really thought she would be able to do more with it. Sadly it seems like she can’t.	2	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn't  work with calls.	3	February 18, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"I've had issues with regards to sound since opening this product. The sound will not play. When I did a bit of searching, apparently this is a common issue where the fix is to unplug the Show and plug it back in(even then sound may go out from time to time).What kind of half baked/defective design is this? What happened to QA?Numeric Review:1 for Sound for above-stated reasons3 on Voice Recognization and Alexa Integration because sometimes ""calling intercom"" isn't recognized.Small things(with all Alexa Devices) Telling Alexa ""Close Reminder"" etc doesn't work but somehow ""I got it"" does?Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the Echo Dot and the Plus quite well as they don't have too many issues. This product is a bust and I would ignore it because of sound defect."	3	July 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Alexa show isn’t compatible with all phone carriers and I don’t like it	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	If you don’t mind a sound heavy on the bass, sounding like it’s in a tin can down a tunnel or not having any controls to adjust the treble and bass then you might love this Alexa. BUT...if you get past that issue then how do you feel about the NO BATTERY feature? That’s right, here’s where it crashed and burned for me! Because they have a stand for it I thought that meant it was portable and you can doc it in various places.  Ummm, NO. It must be plugged in AT ALL TIMES.The video quality is truly its best feature! And as suspected, Alexa didn’t get any smarter! She still says “I’m sorry, I don’t know about that one”...just like before 🤣	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	After spending 2 hours in chat with Amazon support, the issue still wasn't resolved. The Show 8 was displaying content I told it not to. For example, there are toggle options for Trending Topics, News, Popular Recipes, and Covid Updates. I turned all of these off and they still displayed in the screen rotation. Performed a factory reset, unplugged the device, etc. All these items still displayed in the rotation.As if that wasn't bad enough, you can't pick the topics you wish to see in trending topics (our family has absolutely no interest in MLB, NBA, NFL, or other sports content). You can't pick preferred News sources. This means that while I would love to see 90% local news topics, you can't. Amazon's answer to this is that the unit sits in a public space, so it displays content for a wide audience. The problem with that response is simple. Not everyone in the US (or a cross section of that demographic) is looking at my Echo Show. My friend and my family are. Customization of content is critical to making this device worth the purchase.As far as integration, it works just as well as the other Alexa devices we have in the home. Voice recognition is a little off, but not terrible. It does integrate with the Ring doorbell system, which is nice to be able to view the front door, but not worth it if that is your only reason for getting it.	1	August 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	If you want to use zoom don’t even try to contact tech support for Alexa.  I talked to four team members and they didn’t even know the commands for zoom.  I did say the correct command and it would do nothing.  Two days later I used same command and it opened zoom.  Tech support was useless. They told me wrong command.  And reading online they are wrong commands.  You have to say “Alexa open my zoom meeting”.  It’s only command that works.  They told me open zoom ap.  Join my meeting.  Everything but.  I tried every command I found online and that one worked.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought it to follow the news while working.  Pulled out of the box, it didn't get connected to the WiFi after attempting more than 30 times.  When selected for weather and news, it just froze and never took me anywhere.  I think I will be returning it.	2	May 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Music	3	March 14, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Echo show 8 for a $ 64 purchase price is a decent audio / clock. It plays music and you can put your pictures in Amazon and display them. Sadly screen quality is not that good and configuration parameters are limited.Audio quality is decent, but far from superb. It is basically radio quality.In terms of commands; you get used to the tones and proper words (not every word works); but the lack of manual is a HUGE BURDEN. Configuring contacts seems very difficult and still had no way to find out how to call another ECHO SHOW (the main reason I bough it).  In brief; as a glorified radio is fine but AMAZON needs to put more accessible information in order to use it properly	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I got the 8 to replace a 5 that didnt have all the video service and was just a tad to small for my aging eyes.  It had more video services but still had the next to useless way to find stuff.  I said I am used to that went to set the clock face and it has even less choices than the barely any the 5 has.  Then the clock only takes a maybe a 1/6 of the screen so its actually smaller than the 5.  I moved from Roku to the Amazon devices but I think it maybe time to look elsewhere since they seem to be going backwards and not forwards on features and design.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the bigger screen. Depending on where you put it and what you are using it for, it is quite large.  For some reason this device is very slow to respond compared to other Alexa devices I have.  Maybe I have a bad unit?? When It comes to displaying photos or something you need to read the screen for, its great. Saying Hey Alexa - slow to respond.  Turning lights off- slow; As well as all other 'hey Alexa' commands.  Sometimes you have to ask twice.	2	February 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	My main issues are with the photos and linking them with your Amazon Photos account.  When updates are made, they aren't reflected on the device.  The screen times out and goes black.  Changing the style of the pictures doesn't change even after rebooting.  Just not happy at all with it, and I bought it to have pictures of my daughter cycle in the Living Room, as opposed to buying a separate digital picture frame.  I have a Show 5 and it has the same types of issues, but it doesn't bother me as much, because it is in the bedroom and not viewed all of the time.	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is a great product but i'm not really sure where to use it.  The product itself is quality.  It has amazing sound.  I'm not too fond of the navigation though.  It's not hard to navigate just awkward in my opinion.  I would like have the option to be able to turn the screen off when I am listening to music instead of having they lyrics scroll across the screen. I like that you can turn the camera off for privacy.  We have an Echo in the living room for music, firetv for the tvs in the living room and a firestick in bedroom.  This is a great product but like a mini tv.  The only space that I could possibly use it is the kitchen where I wouldn't because I don't want it to get ruined.  For now, it remains in the box until I need it for a specific purpose.	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I would have given this 5 stars but for one problem!  I bought this specifically because I wanted the show and tell feature because i am blind.  I am now being told that this feature has been removed and there's no reason why and not sure if it's going to come back.  I have been given such misinformation when I call Amazon's cucstomer support.  one person tells me it works on the 5-8-10 then i'm told it only works on the 10, and now being told it only works on the first and second gen, and lastly that it's been removed from all show devices.  I did all my research before I bought this product and even found videos on YouTube showing the echo show 8 with this feature enabled.  I'm so confused and frustrated!  I don't know whether I should just return this or wait and hope the next update  of software gets this feature back	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I purchase this, because all of the commercials on this product continually advertise the ability to live stream TV. Therefore, I would have certainly thought that this would have been possible with AMAZON's own Fire TV recast, which I purchased and love. However, this is not the case. The Echo Show 8 does not allow me to watch live stream TV via my recast. It will only allow you to watch the horrible content that Amazon provides. This is a bummer! misleading! AMAZON, please allow live TV streaming via FIRE TV recast! This should have been a no brainer! Perhaps you sell more Fire TV recasts when you make this happen. Please send me my royalty check for the great idea!	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I'm not very impressed with my Echo show 8. The lack of customization options is very disappointing and the blocky and confusing design is annoying to deal with. The fact that there is no actual toggleable sleep mode on it, we're the screen shuts off and just shows a dim clock is a major thing that needs to be fixed, because it is way to bright at night. It's also very annoying to try and run 3rd party services on it. My freind has a goodle nest hub and you can watch almost all streaming services on it were the show 8 you can't. Overall I'm not happy with it. There is alot of stuff that needs to be changed and hope it happens soon.	2	December 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"We had high expectations and were disappointed. We thought it would have better capabilities, but unfortunately she's not that sophisticated yet. I tried asking her for a specific recipe and she was not able to find it nor did she come up popular, highly rated recipes that you would find on a Google search. It took about 20 tries before I figured out how to actually get her to show a recipe with directions. (""Alexa tell me a recipe"" then ask her for the type of recipe.) Otherwise she would find recipes with brief descriptions that had no instructions. The sound quality was terrible from day one. There may have been something wrong with it but the speaker kept making a glitch sound multiple times throughout a song. She was basically a glorified clock. We returned it after a week. Our Echo Dots work great for what we need so it didn't make sense to have this in our kitchen when it didn't do much more. I rated it a 5 on integration because it could connect with the other dots for surround sound throughout the house. About the only useful thing besides seeing the time and weather."	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Expected better not as good as advertised	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"It is cute and fun at first.  The screen is good, the sound is good for what it is.Even being a prim member Alexa appears to try to sell you more premium features rather than just doing simple things.  ""Hey Alexa, Play The Funeral by band of Horses."" She will then go on to tell you how that is not free but she will give you a free trial of Amazon Music and asks if you want to continue.  We say no, then play it for free on our phone on the Sony Stereo mounted under the kitchen cabinet by the sink.  I thought we would like it more and use it more, but, meh."	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This thing constantly goes offline. It’s frustrating because I don’t have this issue with other Alexa speakers	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	No instructions on booking up to phone.	3	February 7, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	This product is okay. I do enjoy having it in my kitchen while I am cooking. But there are only a few apps, not even the YouTube app. Yes, you can get to YouTube through the safari app, but you can’t login or work it like on your phone. I like it while I have it, but I won’t buy it again.	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love having my pictures rotate and display and it's got nice sound quality with music.  Good video quality.  My issue is that if you want to do a private video chat with blue tooth ear phones it does not allow this.  You can listen to music this way, but as soon as you try to do a video chat to another echo device it drops the ear phones.  This is very disappointing as we purchased two so I could video chat with my mother.  Now we just use face time on ipads.  And use the echo as a digital picture frame and playing music.  Along with as our alexa device in the kitchen.	3	October 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I use this to communicate with my elderly father.  Drop In works well when it works, but sometimes audio justs stops working on one side or the other.  It is like a microphone is muted,  but it isn't.  You can do a Call or talk with alexa and it works 100% of the time so you know it isn't muted, but using Drop In will not have audio on one side of the conversation and you can't get the audio restored unless you reset the unit and set it up again, (per Amazon technical support).  We had the same problem with an Echo Show 5 and hoped this unit would not have the problem, but it does.  Read the forums.  Many others have this issue with Drop In.  If that is not a feature you need then everything else seems to work great.  Good sound quality if you want to listen to music.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I like the unit for its 8"" display and accessibility to visual topics.  What I dislike of this unit is that it will not answer my incoming calls like the other dots do.  I contacted one of your technicians over a week ago and she could not solve the said issue and promised to put an order in for another technician to contact me, but no response yet. I sent another email earlier and still no response.  If Amazon cannot solve this issue I would like to return this unit for credit. Previously I had rated this devise very high and recommended it to many of my friends after mentioning my purchase.  But now, I am having second thoughts."	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Camera access only works on same wifi network and NOT on cellular data via the alexa app. The phone app shows a Black screen when in ""live view"". there is sound but no video. Read the hundreds complaints about the same failure on the forums and you'll see it's not just me. Camera Access from the app ONLY works on wifi. And, like other people already said...I've already WASTED HOURS uninstalling, reinstalling, factory re-setting, etc...Also, there is NO tech support for this."	2	February 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Not for me. I was gifted an echo show and am probably not the right customer for this product. I liked that I could display my photos and play music, but did not want constant on screen reminders of how to use Alexa. I turned off  almost all notifications, but kept getting Alexa tips interrupting my photos. Alexa is pretty easy and I do not need to be told that I can ask it questions or perform specific tasks, despite my best efforts I could never fully get rid of these messages/ tips. Last night I unplugged it, I doubt I will use it again. I’ll probably just by a nice digital frame that doesn’t show me ads for itself and continue to stream music to my Bluetooth speakers. If I could permanently remove Alexa tips/ suggestions I might consider using it again. Like I said I’m probably the wrong person for this device and had never really considered purchasing one. I will say it does seem to perform its functions well, I’m just not in need of a voice assistant that I can’t fully customize.	2	March 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I eagerly awaited the Echo Show 8 because I was generally pleased with the Echo Show 5. Like everyone else, I didn't like the try whatever crap at the bottom of the screen, but the large clock with date was nice. So, I thought I'd upgrade to the larger screen. HUGE MISTAKE!! The Show 8 is not like the Show 5. It WILL NOT display a large clock with the date AT ALL. What were you thinking Amazon? It's bad enough you're not responding to user complaints with the try whatever garbage in every screen. Now you took away the clock? EPIC FAIL!! I would NOT recommend the Show 8 to anyone. Time to start looking at what the competition offers. Better get on the software updates quick Amazon or you'll find people will go elsewhere for a more user friendly alternative.UPDATE 6/3/20Amazon FINALLY got their act together and updated the firmware to display a clock with the date on the home screen! What took them so long is anyone's guess, but better late than never I suppose. My review has gone from one star to four deducting one star for the time it took them to get this right.UPDATE 6/4/20Don't know what's going on, but the large time display with date is gone and it's back to the tiny time display without date again. Back to a one star review again too! I'm even more angry now that I was teased with a home screen time display more like the Echo Show 5 and it's been taken away. I now have proof this is possible with the Echo Show 8, bring back the large time display with date in the home screen as pictured!! Is ANYONE from Amazon listening/reading?	1	December 10, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	This plays real well when it understands what your saying, if not your gannabe pissed off screaming	2	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Love this, but it won't run my entire routine.  I contacted customer support, and they told me to unplug my device and restart it and to also disable my routine and re-enable it. I have unplugged and restarted my device twice, and I have completely deleted my routine and put a new one in to Alexa but to no avail.  I still can't get my routine to run completely on this Echo.  My other Echo devices run my routine just fine.  I also sometimes have a hard time with the voice recognition.  I'll ask it to play a specific station, like ""Iheartcountry radio,"" which is a station it plays, and it will put on Kat 103.  I have to physically go into the app to put on what I want.  Other than that, I really love the ease of use, how easily I can access information, listen to music, stream, and communicate!"	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Currently the show is sitting on my desk as a glorified digital picture frame.  I think those that would get the most use from it are families that want to connect via video and all have alexa.  I suspect it makes for a nice world intercom.  Sadly other features are just too unfriendly and i would prefer to access them via other means or too limited to be attractive.  I think the show is probably a couple years away from being a really good investment for most people.The device is attractive and what it does is pretty reliable.  With amazon behind the product this could easily swing the other way quickly and there are still probably a fair number of people who would find value here.	3	August 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It sounds good.  The fact you have to have Prime to utilize most features is a turn off. Despite having Prime, I'm still waiting to use this with the Ring doorbell I ordered June 21st! It's now July 22nd! It's supposed to come July 24th!  So I can't really tell how the video is until my Ring doorbell comes!  So far, I am not impressed.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am disappointed in the show. Maybe my expectations were too high. I read independent reviews evaluating the show vs Google products. The Results were close but for the money the show 8 was recommended.But finding the skills and getting them to work seems to be problematic. For example, I found a skill that reads stories for kids. It shows multiple stories but when I ask it to read a story we get the same story every time. When I ask for kids songs one time I get a great selection the next time it’s the same 6 songs over and over. I wanted to set up skills but I am having difficulty finding the skills to enable them. It’s like looking in a fishbowl and not quite being able to see what you are looking for.I will keep working at it but some of the skills reviews are very poor. Very disappointed so far.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Please change the volume settings so any media volume is SEPARATE from the ""Alexa Voice"" volumeNothing is more irritating and scares the hell out of you when you are either playing music or watching a video and having to turn the volume up just to be able to hear it less than a foot away, just for when you say the wake word (or it thinks it heard the wake word) for all of the sudden the voice is loud as hell and booming!!Please please please change this!! I will do an actual review only after this major flaw is fixed.(And no, changing Amy of thr settings under sound control does not fix this)Maybe I'm the only one who is annoyed by this, but I don't want a movie playing in the background, fall asleep before it ends, wake up and ask Alexa to turn off the lights just for her to scare the hell out of me and my dog in the next room."	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have both the Echo 8 and the Echo 5. For me the Echo 5 has better functionality/Customization over the 8. Such as, on my 5 I can change the clock font but I can't on the 8? The 5 and 8 do not have the same menu configuration, why? If they give the 8 what the 5 has for features this rating would go up. Voice recognition and command functionality are not perfect but I also understand this is a fairly young technology. I want the understanding of the system to increase so it can better it's ability to fulfill requests. Such as 'Alexa, randomize my thumbs up list on pandora.' This is something it can not due right now. The Echo products do not let you use a full app. It's more like a super simple version of an app. So again I don't like the functionality limitations and hope they change this soon.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had and old Echo for a number of years gave it to a daughter in Texas,  replaced it with the echo 8 figured we could see her while we chatted well the old one is still working the echo 8 keeps blacking out haven't even had it a year. I've tried shutting it down and starting redoing it from start didn't work. Not happy with it at all and would not buy the echo 8 again .	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa never understands what I say. The voice recordings have a ton of static and background noise but my room is completely silent. I basically have to yell for this device to hear me and even then it misunderstands me more than 60% of the time. I contacted amazon support and they suggested I buy a new one...	1	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	In addition to being hard of hearing, the Echo Show has just become annoying. Used to display a rotation of your pictures, the giant clock display, along with the barrage of ads and tips ruins the experience. Interestingly, the clock display becomes small and pushed off to a corner while displaying tips and ads, but becomes so large over your displayed picture rotation as to ruin many of your pictures. And this is all with ever option of displaying content turned OFF. I can only imagine how bad it would be with any other content turned on. If you search on the web, you'll learn that there are a great number of people having this same experience. And it gets worse over time and with every firmware update. If you want Alexa integration in your house, save your money and just get an Echo Dot or try another brand. Amazon took a great concept and totally ruined it.	2	September 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have a lot of Amazon devices (kindles, fires, fire TVs, dots, echos, etc...)What I like about this one: beautiful screen and great audio.What I don’t like: issues with video skills (Nooie cameras, Euphy doorbell) - often times it has a hard time connecting, or drops out. Also, even if I am next to it, if my echo in the next room hears me, it will often respond that this type of device can’t show the video skill I am asking about. In general, the integration between all of the devices should be much much better, I often find myself getting more frustrated than it may be worth, and end up pulling up what I need on my phone. Also, this doesn’t have YouTube which is pretty lame.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I've had the echo dot for years without many problems. This show can't even start spotify, half my reason of having it. Itll never connect to the app, when it does i can't change songs or anything. The screen never ever turns off, I even set it up for sleep after a while to no avail. Don't buy! Waste of money and not worth the aggravation. You'd think products get better after generations, guess again.	1	September 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Like to ask about the weather and playing music	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I just received this device and have been playing with it for a little while.  It's a fine Alexa device and I like how it works with our Ring doorbell.  I actually bought it to use as an alarm clock and I'm shocked to find out that I can't change the clock faces on it.  It turns out that the 5 can handle that but not the 8.  You have to use the default which is small clock in upper left corner.  Very disappointing.  It looks like people have been requesting this as a software update since it was released.	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Decent smart screen has some unnecessary issues holding it back. Like some people mentioned it lacks a lot of granular control, you cant get rid of the useless 'Try Alexa...' stuff, you can't control any aspects of the volume individually subwoofer volume tends to be too loud relative to other sound and Alexa voice can be obnoxiously loud compared to other media, one thing that did annoy me was the news headlines are always truncated so unless you say 'alexa what's the ____ story' its just like an annoying hook.  I like it for being able to view my cameras but the feed isn't great and there's no way to control the camera position at least for my cameras.  I got it on sale so I feel like it's good for that price at least but I probably wouldn't get another or one of the 5s until they had some updates.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Cannot change the clock face on the Echo Show 8, like you can on the Echo Show 5.No option in the Settings menu to customize the clock, like whats on the Echo Show 5.Same software is on both, with the updates, yet there isn't the option to customize the clock.I got the Echo Show 8 for the bigger screen so I can see thru the Ring doorbell better.Next, my Echo Show 8 has restarted by itself several times. Two of the restarts were back to back. Not due to updates.Will change review later, if Amazon ever fixes the option to customize the clock.And, I do not have any issues with the rotating Things to Try, etc. as I do not constantly watch the screen rotate.Sound is good, a little too much bass though. Would like the option to adjust the treble and bass.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Our daughter highly recommended this product after she purchased one. However, it's not as user friendly as the other Alexa devices we have. We've been unable to have it ""recognized"" in order to connect it to the other two devices we have, which linked with no problem.  When we make a video call, we can see the person we called, but they can't see us. We've made sure the camera is on and tried trouble shooting on our own, but the video still isn't working. When we have time, I'll reach out for help. But right now, just disappointed it hasn't worked as expected."	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	These devices are frustrating to set-up. I brought these devices for 6 family members and myself and no one could set-up without resetting and starting over with assistance. 1 of 7 is still not set-up.  I thought the picture would be better. Plus features and settings are not easy to use. I bought these because everyone is an Amazon user and thought it would make it easier. Knowing what I know now I should have gone with the Facebook portal device.	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	nothing special its ok	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality on the Echo Show 8 is superb and it’s Alexa integration works for the most part. Sometimes the display will get hung on a blank screen. Echo Show 8’s voice recognition is easily the worst of the Echo product lines I’ve tried to date. You have to be facing the unit while talking with unnaturally long pauses in order to have a hope of the Echo Show 8 picking up and understanding your commands.	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We had hoped that this would replace the small kindle fire that we were using on our kitchen counter to pull up recipes. Unfortunately, we've found the echo show to be severely lacking in functionality.- It plays pandora, but it can't play pandora in the background while you do something else- no integration at all with Gmail- When it goes into sleep mode, it closes all of your chrome tabs- You can't have more than one browser tab open at a timeLike yeah, it works, but its basically a dot with a screen for about 5x as much money. Had we known, we probably would have bought a google home device instead and just not linked it to alexa.	3	October 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I got this device to use with the Ring doorbell and it works fine with that (though there is a delay in getting the video from the doorbell when the doorbell is pressed). The suggestions from Alexa that are constantly posted on the device can be annoying but can also suggest some interesting topics from time to time. But I have found that the videos do not always play even though Alexa says she is playing them. I mostly use this device to play Sirius XM music - that works great - and with the Ring doorbell. I have not tried playing an Amazon movie video yet.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Once a recipe is displayed onscreen, Echo times out after about 2 minutes and the recipe disappears.  I was on the phone with Amazon tech support for about 1/2 hour to see if there is a ""fix"" or work around and the tech I spoke with could not find one though she really tried.  Echo will read you the list of ingredients if you want, then you can guess what to do with them.  I kept the Echo because I got it for 1/2 price and it does work well with my Ring doorbell but if you have visions of using it in the kitchen for cooking, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  I'd give it 0 stars if I could."	1	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I tried this product for around month and we are not happy with voice recognition.Cons -1. Voice Recognition - Thought it is problem with my voice/slang.. but Google is much better in understanding my voice/slang.2. Youtube Integration - No Youtube in Alexa. Can't get Indian food Recipes in Alexa's Recipes app. Google Home has Youtube it is easy and convenient for me.3. Music - Amazon music it not free.. and I can't get much Indian songs in it. People suggested to use pandora and some others.. but i didn't try.Pros-1. Announce and Dropin are very good features..2. Camera with Echo Show 8 is good for cost of piece - Google Home do not have this in 7 inch version - but it is there expensive 10"" version3. Amazon Alexa app in mobile is good.. the way it organize the things is good when compared to Google Home App."	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I've bought 4 Echo Show 8s for personal use (plus one replacement) and 2 as gifts. We previously had Echo Dots and had no issues with them but thought it would be nice to have the displays that the Echo Shows offer. However the Shows have been so frustrating we're about to throw them all in the garbage.About half the time when we use drop-in either the calling device or called device does not have audio. Also there are other audio issues that seem to randomly come and go. It's like Alexa suddenly goes mute. She'll display something on the screen (like the alarm when a timer expires) but there is no accompanying audio. We've ""reset"" them hundreds of times, upgraded the software to latest version and talked to support multiple times.We have a strong home network with no other issues and, in fact, changed ISPs (with different internet providers and home network hardware/software during the time that we've had the Shows. We've experienced the same issues with the Echo Show's on both the previous and current home networks.I've spent my career in IT so I'm not ""technically challenged"". No one at support admits that the Echo Show 8 has audio issues but from our experiences with the Echo Dots vs Echo Shows, I'm confident that they do.I've always been a big Amazon and Alexa fan but with the Echo Shows, I'm embarrassed that we gave such frustrating pieces of junk as gifts. And angry that we've spent so much money on devices that were supposed to give us convenience and safety instead give us nothing but a lot of frustration and wasted time. If this device worked 99% of the time I'd love it but, as it stands now, I really hate it."	1	March 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sirius xm needs to synchronize easier	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I would have absolutely loved this if this could support whatsapp calls.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not knowing how to remove unwanted content displayed on the screen.Like the screen and sound quality.	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	To many times it doesn't respond though i am practically next to it.I repeat the same command	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"This was a good device when I bought it. It did what you asked it to do, and nothing else, which is exactly what I wanted. I just wanted essentially a digital picture frame with the ability to video chat with my dad. It was great for that.... and then I started getting Alexa recommending things constantly. I figured out how to turn those off and we were good to go again... until a ""feature"" called ""Alexa for your day"" was introduced, which cannot be disabled. I was willing to tolerate that popping up every once in a while, though it is irritating. Then Alexa started giving me suggestions every time I told her to do something (Ask for the weather and get a ""by the way, did you know that you can ask what events are happening  near you?"" after she reads off the weather). That was when I started to get pretty angry. Now the device is outright showing advertisements on the home screen. The device is going bye bye and I'm never buying another Amazon device. No one wants a billboard in their house."	1	February 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This product worked great for 13 months. Then started randomly resetting every 30-60 mins. Customer service helped me make it work for approx 2 weeks, and today it died. I was offered a discount to purchase a new one from the site. I don’t plan on purchasing a new device every year, so at least I learned how well Amazon stands behind their products now.If you are someone that enjoys buying the same technology over and over, then you’ll probably like this device - worked great with Alexa and I loved having my photos displayed.	2	December 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s a glorified timer.  At least I know someone’s listening to me now.	2	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We purchased the Show as we thought we could correspond with my brother several states away who was undergoing an extended stay in the hospital.  Our thought was that it would be easier for him to receive and make phone calls from his hospital bed if we each had a Show.  After many failed attempts including phone calls to Amazon, we found out that we could not connect with someone distant using the Show unless they were a member of the same Amazon membership.  This defeated our purpose.  We now use it to play music, view photos and turn our lights off and on, most of which we could do with our Amazon.  Still experimenting.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Up until now I have been a huge Alexa fan and telling everyone how they need to get one.  Prior to Christmas I have had a number of the Alexa throughout the house and had no issues. At Christmas I purchased 2 Alexa Show 8 and 1 Alexa Show 5; I personally use the Show 8's.  I tried and tried hoping a software update was underway but it is driving me crazy.  The device does not hear correctly and often not at all.  I had to stop using the Show 8 as my alarm because 1. It was not going off 2. When I play sleep music all night, the device no longer responds to commands by morning.  The blue light comes on indicating I was heard, but nothing happens.  I give the command to stop the music and nothing happens.  The Only way to resolve is unplug and plug back in....every morning.  So, I went back to using my phone for my alarm.  I hear the wife each morning having to keep yelling at her Show 8 because of the same issue but she is trying to get the alarm to turn off.  Again, the voice command bar indicates she is heard but nothing is happening.  There are times when I drop in and the other person cannot hear me at all, this happens WAY too often.  There have been times I was traveling and dropped into check on the kids.  They could not hear me so just walked away.  Very disappointed.  When the next versions I am asking for complete upgrades with no costs.  No way I will spend additional money until I am sure the device issues and bugs have been resolved.	1	February 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Hardware is of average quality for the price. Nothjng is outstanding but it gives you the convenience of a command center with a screen. Alexa's way of operating with skills is just not as easy to operate as using Hey Google. You gotta remember the skill name and tell Alexa exactly what you want Alexa to tell each and every skill to do something. Its not natural and you will have to memorize the name of skills, as a person who uses Google and Siri. It just doesnt make sense for me to have to learn and remember all the skills. At this point after about a month of usage, Im just using this as a fancy alarm clock and a radio.	3	September 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Feels a bit more limited than I expected  no ability to type / search on screen, doesn’t seem to want to “turn off” when you wants cancel something like an alarm or music we often have to manually swipe to Dismiss. Sound is definitely not good compared with even the very first Alexa. That might just be because of the direction the speakers face but it’s pretty noticeable. We had hoped to do video calls with the grandparents but so far after a month we still haven’t done even one. I would have thought with the video offering there would have been an easier - go to tool or app on the device that we could navigate through. Still seems to rely on the Alexa app on iPhone or computer. At this point the kids basically just watch videos on it while we cook dinner.	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's nice to have a screen to look at when u ask for weather and news but it doesn't work with alexa app so it's a lot harder to set up even tho u have a screen to look at during set up. And surprisingly the screen doesn't have many options to use with it mostly cameras everything u can do with an echo and TV. I'd of thought the screen would of had more options. It's nice but not what I expected. Guess it's cheaper than portal lol if u want to video chat with fam but it'd harder to use than an echo and does half the things echo does. Id say good for kitchen stuff over bedroom. It's nice to wake up to a clock and weather but I'm sure cheaper options for just that. In kitchen u can look up recipes and make shopping list or order products.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"Sometimes when I ask Alexa for a phone number she says: ""Hmm, I'm not sure about that"" and then other times she just gives me the number.  I am sure I am doing something wrong but cannot figure out what it is.  For reminders and timers you can beat a device like this. I love my CNN Flash Briefing, and Louis Armstrong singing ""What a Wonderful World"".  Play this song when the stress of COVID, the Election, and anything that is getting you down and you will feel like a million bucks.  I love Louis Armstrong, what a classy, talented, beautiful human being.  Thank you for your well lived beautiful life!!!!!!!!!!!"	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The functionality on this is terrible. It mis-hears half of what I say or just ignores it. My Echo can pick up my voice if I mumble. I have to *raise* my voice for this to hear me. One time I got so frustrated that it wouldn't respond correctly, I just unplugged and restarted it. The touchscreen isn't sensitive enough along the edges. I was playing a Youtube video at full screen and when I tapped on the resize icon to make it smaller, it took about 15 taps to do anything. If it's playing a video and I tell it to add something to my shopping list, it leaves the list up over the screen with no way to go back to the video. I said, ""Alexa close shopping list."" It asked, ""do you want me to delete your entire shopping list?"" The only way to get back to the video is to close everything and start over from the home screen.One good thing is that the sound is awesome. Heavy, full bass and clear mids and highs. It makes for a good music player, but little else. I should have just bought another echo."	2	September 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"We have been loyal for years, enjoying our photo collection.  Now the display is saturated with ""Alexa for your Day"" and other messages to ""Try"" this or that.The display used to rotate through our Amazon Photo library, either all or any ONE folder.  Alexa also has nice integration with Google Calendar and weather.  Recently, every few minutes there is an ""Alexa for your Day"" advertisement that stays up for a longer time period than individual photos are displayed.  This is in ADDITION to the 'helpful hints' text that runs over every 3-5 images that are displayed.There is NO WAY to disable these 'features' that take away from the photo library the Show was purchased to display.  Every once in a while, it will activate COVID-19 hints, what's popular, sports highlights, and other undesired information.  Easy to remove some of the undesired info from the Settings>>Home Content screen.If you want to display your photo library,  get a Chromecast with Google TV, or use an Android TV with  Furnaghan's Photo Gallery and Screensaver from the Play Store.  Full screen photos and videos from your Google Photos with options to display the date, camera setting, location, current temperature etc.  No advertisements. New TVs aren't really a power drain, and you get to choose what you see. And 'hey Google' is as smart as Alexa. Or, move to a Google Max.I'll revise this if Amazon fixes this PITA."	1	March 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I liked the concept of the echo. I do enjoy having Alexa for setting up timers and quickly looking up recipes. However, I had higher expectations. The machine isn’t as intuitive as I would have hoped. It said it was able to use HBO app but I could only find the HBO suggestions. The Hulu app I wasn’t able to find my profile as some examples. I do use a lot of Apple products so that might be why I am a little biased. I’m hoping to return it and if not then I’ll sell it.	2	January 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I was very excited to purchase this product, especially at the pricing point during the Christmas holiday. However, I'm learning that some key benefits advertised and embedded as options in the software, don't work too well.I have a couple of issues that don't appear to have a resolution with the current software platform as there have been multiple calls into tech support.Photo album- I have my wall paper set to scroll through an album. Every over day at this point, the album display gets hung up on one photo. The only solution is to power reset the device or select another display option then re-select the album. I've noticed customers complaining about this issue for over a year while reseaching the web for a solution.AirPods- The device recognizes and connects the earbuds but the audio output is far too low, even with the highest volume setting on the echo. I understand there is no physical volume controls on the earbuds and this is an Apple product vs Amazon but I have no issues with volume when connecting to a Windows laptop.I have another ticket open to tech support where these issues are being escalated. Amazon, please address these problems and any others that can't be mitigated without constant power cycles or not at all with a software update.	2	February 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We have one of these on one end of the kitchen and a third gen echo on the other.  I see a lot of room for improvement:-it constantly confuses which you are talking to even when directly facing it.- the sound quality is much worse than the echo. It has lots of bass, but little mids or highs.-the screen use is still very basic. for ex. It has no idea what's on the screen saver images So mine would cycle through famous art and I would ask it what I was looking at and it had no answer. Timers appear briefly and then become tiny in a corner. The news feed should be able to show more lines or changes type size etc. The list of basic things the developers overlooked seems endless.	3	April 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was so happy with the Echo Show 5 that I purchased the Show 8 thinking it would be the same thing only bigger. The screen was larger and looked great and the speakers sounded awesome but it seemed to be lacking in the background and clock customization of the Show 5. I was hoping to get a clock that was larger than the show 5 and it was actually smaller and in the upper left hand corner. I could choose a different background but I couldn't  mix and match and change the clock style or face. As I got ready to reset it and start the return process, I noticed that the software was and older version and could be updated. If I hadn't gone to that area, I wouldn't have known that. No prompts on it at all. I got excited when I noticed the the newer software version was the same as the Show 5 so I stopped, updated and waited. Other than having the same version number there was no change in options. I love my Show 5 but the 8 just isn't for me.	2	November 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	FALTA CONECTIVIDAD CON PAÍSES DE AMÉRICA LATINA	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	i wanted elexa for my mother so she could call me by saying my name! alexa keeps telling me to register the app! so far i can not figure it out! the worst thing i have seen do far was the registering of the app! it should not be that hard! i am very good at doing computer garbage! and so far all i see is garbage because alexa and bill gates wants to see and report everything you do! it listns to every thing and it reports what you say! so just think of uncle sam in your back pocket all the time even on your phone! bill gates is the largest snoop in the world! becareful elexa sees all and reports it!	3	September 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I got this so I could watch TV at my desk and  my kids could easily video chat with family. I appreciate the physical slide to block the camera when I want to. Sound and picture is great. Hulu is not as great as online or on the tv because you can't search at all and only some categories show. One missing category is the 'My Stuff' one, which astounds me they would have left that out. I also noticed some shows that I see on my TV I don't see on the echo, which is also odd. Even when you look at Prime Video you can't search for anything. Lack of a simple search feature leaves both Hulu and Prime Video really underutilized and feeling partially unfunctional.	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This device is the same as the tap, main Alexa device, the small round ones. It works sometimes well and most of the time below average.  3 inches away I am screaming at it to stop or start etc. Times I ask it to do one thing and it decides it will do something else.  About 5 out of 10 times it will answer a question correctly. If it just came out my score would be higher but after all this time it seems to not be on Amazon radar for improvements. I have reported the issue to Amazon, had them on the phone to listen to what it was doing. I do have Amazon's competitor as well in the same home.  While it won't get a 10/10 either it scores a lot higher and more consistently than the Amazon product. The first version of these was much better; as they came out with models afterward they became more unreliable. I have checked with friends and they have the same issues.  Would I purchase again, yes but only 1 and not several as I have now? It can be useful for turning the lights on/off - most of the time.	2	August 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I was so happy with the Echo Show 5 that I purchased the Show 8 thinking it would be the same thing only bigger. The screen was larger and looked great and the speakers sounded awesome but it seemed to be lacking in the background and clock customization of the Show 5. I was hoping to get a clock that was larger than the show 5 and it was actually smaller and in the upper left hand corner. I could choose a different background but I couldn't  mix and match and change the clock style or face. As I got ready to reset it and start the return process, I noticed that the software was and older version and could be updated. If I hadn't gone to that area, I wouldn't have known that. No prompts on it at all. I got excited when I noticed the the newer software version was the same as the Show 5 so I stopped, updated and waited. Other than having the same version number there was no change in options. I love my Show 5 but the 8 just isn't for me.	2	November 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I don’t like that I have to disable Bluetooth on my phone for Alexa every time I’m not using video calling. I want my texts, calls, etc going through my phone, not through Alexa in another room.The other thing I don’t like is the fact that Alexa displays the wrong temp on the screen.  Almost 10 degrees below the actual outside temp! She also announces that inaccurate temp when asked.  I’ve tried everything to correct it but no availThe last thing I dislike about Alexa is all the suggestions constantly displayed at the bottom of the screen. These should be requested not Alexa generated.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	i have multiple echo devices, kindles,  and even a show-5. I was hoping this could be sort of a media sidekick while i'm working from home and my other main screens are occupied. But I guess I like uncommon shows and things, so it is difficult to pick something i want to watch if i don't have the exact name of it. Example: I want to watch anime, and it's really terrible at serving me up anything i'd like unless it's in my cache of videos i've purchased. Can't even really select things great through the UI since it doesn't seem programmed for that experience. I'd rather just use my Kindle Fire and attach a speaker to the back of it honestly....and I do think that is what I will do instead....it is a good kitchen device though especially if you just consume mainstream media.i'm no audiophile...but although there does seem to be a good amount of bass in it, it does seem to wash out other sounds from your show. It has sort of a echoey coming from the bottom of the well kind of sound to the bass.	2	October 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Very bulky and heavy.  We wanted to replace our Motorola baby monitor and this function isn’t as effective as a monitor.  First, you can’t use the talk function from the Eco while looking through the camera unless you are on the Blink app.  Night vision of the mini blink isn’t as sharp as a conventional baby monitor. If the baby makes a sound it doesn’t come through right away.  If you want to keep the camera on, the picture keeps buffering.  I think it is an interesting concept but disappointing.  They need to work on a better integration to really function as a baby monitor.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not good Video quality	3	January 18, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	"Amazon makes it very difficult, and sometimes impossible, to disable the constantly rotating messages.  They have settings to disable such things as ""Helpful Hints During COVID-19"", ""Trending Topics"" and ""Popular on Alexa""... but then they will push a firmware update and suddenly you get ""Alexa for your Day"" shoved in your face and you CAN'T disable it (Google it for an endless stream of people asking how).  If you try to disable all notifications so that you get nothing but a clock... you will end up with a clock that fades to black constantly.  You can ask Alexa to turn off the screen, but it is only for a minute or two until she wakes up again.  There is no way to make the device just sit there and do nothing.  It is a constant distraction.  And now ""Alexa for your day"" can't be disabled at all (which promotes Amazon products)."	2	July 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Worked with several people from Amazon and blink and no one could get it to pare with my blink. Just sits on my coffee table showing me the weather.	2	June 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have a first generation Echo Show and thought I would buy the newer model for the living room and take the older one to my bedroom. I’m a little disappointed. It doesn’t always hear me so I had to move it right beside my couch. When told to open a skill it sometimes looks like it opens it but just sits there on the skill’s homepage and will not respond to any commands. I’ve had to unplug it and plug it back in in order to make the skills work properly. As you can see in the photo, all the words that should be on the screen are not always visible. In short, this is not operating as well as my first generation Echo Show.	3	July 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon provides kindle books, kindle devices, kindle PC apps and kindle phone apps but not an echo show kindle app. Echo show can read it to you but what if I am in the kitchen and I want to see my kindle cookbook recipe? Not there.You would think they would have thought of that since they created it, but no.Other than that, it is okay and I use it every morning for a wake up routine.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"These were a godsend for COVID.  My wife had to isolate and we used this and an echo show 5 for an intercom.The sound quality on these are great .The infuriating thing with these is with the radio.""Alexa play NPR""....starts playing...no problem""Alexa Stop""....it pauses and then restarts.  ""alexa exit""....nothing works, the radio continues playing.This known issue is on forums from 3 years ago.  That is unacceptable that its still not fixed.Also if internet goes down.....the units do not reset...you have to manually unplug it and restart.So, good potential....but annoying bugs"	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s an improvement over the last model but they need to develop this echo show first off with a flat plug so it doesn’t stick out of the back of the unit how about just making an L-shaped plug how hard is it. It could sit 2 inches closer to the wall if this plug was L shaped. and then the plug that plugs into the wall needs to be flat and there needs to be a way to mount this thing under a cabinet because it’s so fat it takes up too much room on the counter. On the plus side the sound is way better than my last echo show.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like being aable to say alexa...and things happen.  Lol	3	December 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love the design - sound and video quality.Speech recognition can sometimes be annoying - I feel like I have to yell at her for her to understand what I want.Alexa is not very smart - yes, she can control the Philips Hue lights; and I can set a routine for her to turn off the lights when I’m leaving home — but only at a specific command. While Google home recognizes all commands like “I’m leaving”, “goodbye”, “we are going out” etc.Alexa also keeps making suggestions that I’m not interested in - and why there isn’t a way to turn it off yet?	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I decided to add an Echo show to my group.  I primarily want it as a sleep sound alarm clock, but I like the other features of Echo, too.  HOWEVER, the constant jabbering of things I should try or buy or check out is so stinking annoying!  I have found myself yelling at a box saying, ""Alexa, shut up and listen!""  and ""Alexa, I don't need an advertisement every time I ask you to do something.""  I have to say, if I had known how ANNOYING this machine is, I would not have bought it.  One final thing...as tons of others have said, I hate the messages at the bottom of the screen saying try this skill or that skill.  I really just want to be left alone, Alexa.  I am more than an entity to be advertised to, thank you very much."	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have a great room consisting of the kitchen, dining and family room.  I bought the 8, because it’s bigger, to be able to use anywhere in this large room.  However, the clock feature sucks!!!  The Show 5, which I own, allows a LARGE clock in the middle of the display.  I can actually see it from across the room in our bedroom.  The Show 8 does not.  I’m very disappointed in this feature because I would never have thought the 8 would have less features then the 5.  It should actually be the other way around.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"The hardware sounds excellent and the video chat quality is very good.However, there is no Group calling unless Portal or Nest, and also there is no support for Youtube or Youtube TV. You must be a Hulu person. It is missing a lot of video streaming apps.Apple Music support is mediocre. The idea of Skills is like 2nd-rate Apps. I would must rather they called Skills->Apps and allowed developers to create a more intuitive experience.The main problem is that you have to memorize so many commands and Alexa doesn't help you out with her touch screen.Overall, I've bought a lot of these for family members bc they do serve some valuable purposes. These include: 1:1 video chat, Amazon Music + Lyrics, ""Named Timers"" (why aren't there named alarms?), and a Photo Frame.  Otherwise, it's kind of a novelty currently."	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Na	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Do not waste your money, if you want a device with a clock and date.  It was advertised when idle that the screen would have the date and time displayed.  About a week ago,  this feature went away.  Now only the time appears with no AM or PM or day of the week or the date.  Let.s all ask for our money back, this constitutes a massive recall.  You can not sell a device with specified capabilities and then months later remove those capabilities.  You can not tell me a 1 trillion-dollar company can not figure out how to maintain their software.  The next step is to file with the Federal Trade Commission for false advertising.	3	August 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really like the Echo Show 8. It has an excellent sound, especially for listening to music. The HD display is also awesome. The Echo Show 8  controls 4 smart AC power plugs and a smart light bulb. It works with my Ring security system. Alexa has answered many questions for my wife and myself. However, I was very disappointed at how difficult it was to have a video phone call with our daughter. We bought her an Echo Show 5 and none of us could figure out how to use the Drop In feature. I emailed customer support and their reply was not very much help. I'm pretty good at figuring out computers and smart phones but I feel like giving up on this feature.	3	July 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"So naturally I question as to whether this is a NEW show 8 or a USED return.The seal wasn't just split, it has some pulls and tugs in it like a knife was used.As for the Echo Show 8, I love it.  I also have one 10"" and two of the 5"".The 8 is a nice size with a clear display.  Sound quality is good.I have all of them set with a personal photo and turn off ""Rotate Continuously"".  I also turn off all of the notifications I'm not interested in.One of the 5's I use as an alarm clock on my nightstand.  It's perfect for viewing my Blink cameras inside and outside of our home while I'm in bed.  The size is just perfect for my nightstand.  It has a small footprint, but big enough to see and use the screen clearly.The other 5 I have in my office.  Again, this has a big enough screen for all my uses.  And the sound quality is good as well.And the 10 we have in our kitchen, which gets the most use.  The 10 is not overbearing, the size is just right for our use.All in all, I love the Echo Shows and their ease of use."	2	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"The sound is fantastic at first or if you turn the music down to volume level 2-3... Unless it's so low I can't tell...Otherwise, all music played from streaming stations, Pandora, Amazon music, YouTube come in and out with music throughout entire time listening... Attempted to use the settings multiple times, no change. Cannot enjoy music at all as it gets ""tinny"" then back to normal, back to ""tinny"". Disappointing."	3	June 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought my echo show 8 about a month before this post, I loved it as I usually feel about echo devices. Sound is great and display is awesome, BUT for some reason a week ago it stopped working and it was only showing me a black screen, nothing else.  Just a black lit screen and no not the night time clock A plain black screen and there was no way for me to get it off that screen.  Tried the factory reset and all the troubleshooting steps Amazon gives you and nothing worked.  Called customer service to get a replacement and apparently I have to send it to them to try and fix and if they’re not able to they’ll send me another one. What a shitty way to handle the warranty for such a big company.  Very disappointed but I’m waiting to see what they do.  I’ve already sent my device.	2	July 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Update 1/22: About a month after I purchased it, it started playing random music, music I’d never listen to and was not music that was on the playlist I was listening to. The playlist I was listening to would just stop mid-song and techno music would start. Always the same two unknown techno bands. Sometimes it would start playing when I wasn’t even listening to music. I’d stop it and it would start back up again. I had no control over Alexa.  The issue increased from a couple of times a day to several times a day. Finally called in to Amazon tech support (in the Philippines) and after asking me a bunch of questions, they had me reset it. Minutes later it did it again. I love my Echo Show 8 but this is getting out of hand...........original review........Great addition to my echo dot household. Is able to connect to my Spotify when the echo dot isn’t able to. Helped me cook a recipe the other day. I’m sure I haven’t even touched all that she can do but such a great value. Picture quality is great. Sometimes it sounds like there is static but it is just intermittent and doesn’t affect the quality of the product. Sound quality is amazing. Perfect size for my small kitchen.  Highly recommend it!	2	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I love the device itself and the Alexa integration. We have it integrated with the Ring cameras around our house for security. However, I have one huge issue with this and it's related to the sound quality. When I use it to play music from our Spotify account, at least 9 times out of 10 when the music starts, the sound quality is horrendous. It sounds like it's playing inside a tin can. I have to restart the device and then it's completely fine, but it's really annoying to have this problem continue. I tried returning the device and getting a new one and the issue is still the same.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I put one in the kitchen because I was under the understanding that I would be able to use the screen to pull up recipes but it only pulls up random recipes from the internet or where there are paid to use their services but it is unable to incorporate my subscription cooking sites in any way whatsoever.  there is no google searching or keyboard access at all it only uses voice activation to perform tasks.  Not sure I can think up enough tasks to make it worth having in the kitchen	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I set it to be silent... it starts talking at me interrupting a bunch of things.I don't see how to play youtube on it or call up music... I do not want to talk to this device.I don't see how to play the security camera from it... that is the whole reason why we got it.I also have a google home from a few years ago, and that device has a much better screen.The price was low... if it can play the security cameras (blink and reolink) I'll be happy... but I don't have much hope.	2	November 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I really wanted to like these things.  We bought 5 for the office to communicate and also integrate with ring.  When you make a call between devices the sound does not work on one or both devices.  Unplugging and plugging in does seem to work to reset the device but it just ends up happening again.  It does not end up being a reliable communication device.  Happened once with the ring doorbell as well.  Video appears but someone can't hear the other person and sometimes both ways.  Amazon tech support (remember this is made by Amazon) their only advice was a factory default reset.  I was hoping tech support would say - this is a known issue and here update the software and it will be fixed.  It is clearly a software issue that will hopefully get fixed at some point but enough people will need to complain before that happens.  After spending 90 minutes with tech support and no remedy (and no offer of any kind of compensation on these brand new devices) I suspect most will just grin and bear it and unplug their device and just deal with this poor functionality.  The tech guy acted like I was nuts when I called and a simple internet search shows people all over the place are having this issue.  Amazon always seems flashy and has some cool tech but I feel like it is consistently a disappointment.  Alright rant over - don't buy if you want to try to use this for calls or integrate with ring - it is not consistent.	1	July 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	bad	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Not very friendly and not in recognizing the words	3	December 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This didn't do at all what I expected. I have the outdoor blink security camera.My desire is that it would show me the motion occurring at my front door, all the Echo 8 would do is notify me that motion had been detected, I still had to use my phone to view the detected motion! I have 2 echo dots and the Echo 8 duplicates everything the Echo dots will do, this rendering them useless. It does have a nice screen & good sound, but that is not what I was looking for.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It's very limiting. Oftentimes when I watch YouTube videos or Amazon prime videos or Netflix videos I will prop my phone against my echo show 8 instead of using the echo show 8 because it's obnoxious. I can't get it to just play music or show videos. It's browsers to limited it's main advertised features are limited and it's just very frustrating every time I use it that it's just not very capable and I end up using another device in the house to complete my tasks. It does sound really good for a screen that size when it does work but it just has such limits and glitches it's just not very trustworthy with all these connections to ring and other brands of smart devices it's apps are very glitchy and untrustworthy just read the apps reviews and see what complaints are repeated amongst different reviewers. That will tell you everything.	2	July 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show 8 is the first Echo Show I have purchased. I have two echo dots that I received for free and I love how useful Alexa is to have around my house. So I decided to purchase the Echo Show because its basically Alexa with a screen. I received the device today in good box condition. But after setting up the device I noticed when the screen changed I could still see the letters of what was previously presented on the screen. It is very annoying. I have reset it. I had verified my wi-fi connection is good. The screen continues to have this glitch and there are no real troubleshoot related help online. Is anyone else having this issue. I am debating if I want to keep it or return It.	3	April 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am 64 years old.  My Mom is 99 and lives 120 miles away from me.  I bought 2,  She does not have an Amazon account.  I am in the process of getting internet access into her house.  So both echo shows are on my account and I can't figure out how to make them do video chat between the 2 of us.  The lack of instructions is appalling to me.  Yeah, I know I am old but if someone can give me an idea I would appreciate it.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love it!	3	January 15, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	Annoying voice	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	I really wanted to like this thing. But honestly the lack of clock customization is super disappointing. I want to choose from clock faces and sizes and colors. We replaced an alarm clock with it and even with the limited settings tweaked you can’t see the clock from across the room as it is sooooo small. Sound is excellent, but this form factor is really aligned with a bedroom clock and so the limitations on the clock just makes me want to buy something else and sell this thing.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The echo 8 is not as good as I hoped it would be. I would think it would be the same as the smaller version but they seem much better. This one often gets requests wrong, if I ask a question it will repeat the answer twice or simply not know what I am saying.  The biggest reason I bought it was for a bigger clock but that is not available for some reason. I “think” they finally made the clock a little bigger but it is still not full screen size and I have no interest in making it a picture show or anything. I’m keeping it, but had I known about the clock ahead of time I would not have ordered it anyway.	3	June 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought an echo for me and my 93 year old mom to chat over video.  The echo 8 show can do a lot.  I was super happy with the sound quality, video, and voice recognition.  I was not happy with the lack of ease connecting to another device.  I was hoping an internet connection would be sufficient, it turns out you need an email account, amazon account, and smart phone.  I did a lot of research before purchasing this item but i was still surprised how hard it was to connect to another device.  Read this review and be prepared!	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I used to have an Echo Dot in my bedroom, but because of the great deals over Black Friday, I decided to pick up an Echo Show. The whole endeavor can be summed up in one word: Why? Why put a video screen on something that only needs audio? My NPR News briefing didn't get much added value from a 10-second video intro of the hosts, or from the B-roll footage they played while the reporters were talking. There's no Netflix browser. No YouTube unless you want to go through the crappy web version. No way to easily play slide shows of interesting things. I would have loved to say ""Alexa play a slideshow of nature photos"" or something like that... but that only works if you go beforehand to your Amazon account and set up a photo album of nature shots and then invoke that specific album. Why? There is so much wasted opportunity.Plus I didn't like how even at the lowest brightness setting, it was too bright for my room at night. I ended up turning off the display at night entirely -- which made me question why I had ever purchased this thing in the first place.Returned. Don't buy it. It's a solution in search of a problem."	2	January 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Constantly hangs on simple tasks. The 25 dollar 2nd gen dot works tons better. Sure, there’s a big screen. The try it stuff on the bottom isn’t that bothersome to me. It’s the fact that I tell it to turn on a light, and the blue band stays across the bottom of the screen like it’s waiting for me to say something else, then the band disappears, I get no response, like “ok”, and I get no lights on.I been using the dots for awhile, everything is set up, and works on the other dots. It’s like this device suffers from a case of the “stupids”. I think the screen is a niche thing that nobody really needs in an age of cell phones, and it makes the device worse by having it. I’m thinking the Show uses different firmware than the dot, and the show firmware is poorly done, which is actually a conservative review.Purchase at your own risk. Odds are you don’t need it if you have a smart phone with the Alexa app on it. If you insist, I’d wait it out a bit til the developers get their crap together on the software side of this. If you just want to control a plug or light, pick up a 2nd gen dot on the cheap.	2	December 1, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	It's ok. The 8 inch screen is too small to watch a show on or read recipes.  The only reason I bought this was to see who was at the front door with my ring door bell cam. and other ring cameras.  I don't know if it's my internet I'm using at 400/400 or the device but it takes so long for the picture from the camera it would be quicker just to go look outside myself.  Happens on my cell phone too with 5G.The concept is neat.  I think there maybe much cooler stuff available now for the same price.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this device for a family member who's in assisted living. Unfortunately, there is no way to setup the device to turn off unwanted features for an admin user only - password driven. I set up the device and turned off everything except Drop In and gave to my father care provider. After about 2 weeks, all of the settings are reset and Drop In is off. In addition, the app imports your contact list for starters but does not allow you to delete contacts. My father cannot use a cell phone and land lines are not available. At this time, the Echo Show is about 20% complete.	3	October 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	A few months in the speaker blew which is pretty disappointing since I use it 90% of the time for music. If we keep the volume below 5 it’s not as bad but don’t turn it up past 7 or else the internal speaker may blow and I can’t figure out how to get in touch with tech support to replace or fix it :/ other than that I like being able to view my Wyze cams in a second or turn on lights and timers.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa doesn't recognize my voice sometimes	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s alright. It’s like a bland muffin. It’s good, but it’s not spectacular.Would never buy again	3	November 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have multiple Alexa devices so I like this device simply b/c I use a lot of the features - lists, music, timers, etc.  However, I bought the show with the hopes of being able to make video calls to other Show owners.  But every time I try to make a call, it only calls the person's cell phone instead of their Show device.  I cannot figure out how to get it so that two people with shows can see each other ON THE SHOW.  The other thing that annoys me is that the design of the device means the camera is basically pointed at the ceiling.  You almost have to spend the extra money on the stand or else figure out a way to prop your device so you can actually see the person in front of the camera.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It would be nice to have the option to have it shut off in a pre-set time or on all the time.  We use it for our security cameras and having it go to sleep every 9.5 minutes is not handy at all.  I use it for nothing else.  I can only imagine how frustrating it would be to be watching a cooking video and have it shut down at a critical time.  I understand you can just tell it to resume.  However, cooking isn't a sit and wait type of deal all the time.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I like the Show 8 for the most part except for the 1 quirk.  It will go black for 10 to 20 seconds and then will go back to the regular screen.  It just started doing this.  I did disable the ""suggestions"" feature.  If anyone knows why it does this it would be appreciated.Everything else work great, good screen customization, alexa response is good.  I haven't tried some of the more advanced features, I use it primarily for the clock features."	3	March 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	nice item	3	January 11, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	The Netflix app is a free download, yet it is not available on the echo show. In fact, a lot isn't available. There's a reason that a TV can play all networks, as opposed to having an ABC TV and an NBC TV, etc. I bought this to replace a TV with a fire stick to save desk space. Now I have a smaller screen with fewer capabilities. I usually check that a product does what I want before buying, but considering that my phone, smart TV, laptop, desktop, and fire stick all have Netflix capability, it seemed pretty reasonable to assume this would as well.On a positive note, it's very good at the things that it can do. I just wish there were more.	3	May 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Upgraded to the newest Echo Show. I keep this in my kitchen and love watching my shows while cooking dinner or cleaning up. The problem, I can't get HULU or any of my other streaming programs to work! It says 'opening xxxx' then says 'sorry, there was a problem opening xxxx'. Leaves this pretty useless except for adding things to my shopping list. Also tried to look up recipes around Thanksgiving and the recipes it found were no where near what I asked for. Hoping it is still learning, but so far I miss my older show and wish I could have it back.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Alexa voice activation was inconsistent and required the end user to set up and document what verbal constructs actually work to achieve the goal. The program should act to recognize when the user is trying to  achieve some outcome and when it is finally reached identify the verbal sequence and relate it to the many attempts used before success and recognize these when they occur again. Now  a long process of learning what phrases in what gramatical order and  using which descriptors is required in all but the simplest of requests. Documentation is limited and aside from purchasing books written by authors who have puzzeled out the supposed manual of operation there is sparse and incomplete online content provided. All in all very frustrating and very limiting in usages of this product and ecosystem provided by online interfaces....	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Overall works ok, however when streaming music the song played is not what one would hope for. When I request a song I want to hear the original version, period. if I want the live version or some other redo of the song by the artist, I would request such. I am writing this review after being completely frustrated that I can not hear the original version of the song requested, no matter how I request it! I subscribe to Amazon HD music, Apple Music and Spotify.	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We've had the Echo Show 8 for about a month now and used it to replace a 3rd Gen Echo Dot.  I must say that as far as voice recognition and sound quality, the echo dot was much better.  The Show 8 just can't seem to hear at the same range.  Sometimes I can be just a few feet away and it won't hear me, but the dot which is now 25ft away will.The screen is decent, except it is always putting stuff on the screen that i don't want.  I don't want it telling me what to try and the bottom all the time. I also don't need to see the score of last nights game all day long.  Maybe give me an option to acknowledge that I've see the score by tapping on it.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s ok not great regular echo has better sound	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought the Echo Show 8 in Hong Kong local store, solely for the ""Drop In"" feature, but only to find that Hong Kong is not the area where the App is allowed to download. Without the App, the Drop In feature doesn't work.  So now I am using it as a regular Kindle Fire, but I have many Kindle Fires tablets already. Very disappointed.In terms of functionality, it looks like that the regular Kindle Fire is better."	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I sit at a desk and easily type questions on my computer rather than getting partial answers from Alexa. The constant reminders to exercise annoy me. Don't know whether it is defective voice recognition or answering ability, but I asked ""How to trisect an angle"" both to Echo Show and to Google powered Lenovo smart screen, and Alexa said ""I'm having trouble understanding right now, try later"" while Google explained how to trisect 90 degrees and explained why it is mathematically impossible to trisect a random angle."	3	March 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Need to improve sound quality	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The display and product design and performance are high quality. But limited access to what I needed it for. After I found it not functional for the purpose I needed it for I have no idea what else I would use it for. I have my iPhone for everything this does.Make this into a 24 hour security camera viewing or baby monitor or you can watch TV shows or movies on it and ill consider buying it again.Another good thing was amazons return policy.	3	April 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I can’t get it to work	2	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I tried to research whether a smartphone was a necessity, but there were too many reviews that said yes and no. You DO need one. I think that you should be able to put your contact information in manually for elderly people that don’t have cell phones. It would be a great device if it didn’t require a cell phone for setting it up. I still have not been able to set up my mothers Alexa device, making the other 3 that I bought worthless because none of the family can call her on hers yet.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not very responsive. Have to say it’s name 3 or 4 times to wake it up. I have 5 dots and none of them have this issue	3	October 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Surprisingly displeased with the quality. This is supposed to be a 'smart' device but Alexa seems to have a massive headache problem to do the simplest tasks like pairing to a device to control. Unacceptable old style bad interface.I had to research for 30 mins + around the web every time I needed to add something like my TV. Alexa would not recognize my password that was 100% correct. When I did, functionality is extremely limited, can't actually turn on TV, only control when already on - can't tell it to open Netflix or Hulu at a particular show, have to go grab the remote after that (what's the point). Have to provide lengthy specific instructions ""Alexa, ask LG to go to Living room TV and play Netflix""Can't actually watch Netflix on Show device screen, function limited to Prime video & YouTube. Even then with YouTube, it's via a painfully slow browser. The whole interface is like and old 2005's weird tablet. HorribleAlexa fails to recognize voice constantly, sometimes have to scream for detection. I have a Google assistant device right next to it that never fails for recognition.Overall, this is clearly in infant stages and not worth the money. I really thought that owning one of these would be like having the most revolutionary current stage of tech for a 'smart' home - turns out it's so bad that for the most part you're better off doing things with the existing actually good tech like smart phones."	1	November 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Can’t get photos on FB to display even though accounts are linked. Skills are very basic and even with that they often “aren’t compatible with device”. Can’t play Apple music. The timer is handy, and the kids get a kick out of the inbuilt “sing a song” and Pandora. They like to ask to search for photos (ie show me a photo of a tree frog) but results are pretty limited. Overall, I wouldn’t spend money on it (it was a present), but maybe they will improve skills and integration with other services over time.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Amazing sound and video but the voice recognition is falling behind	3	November 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	First, I got this without a power supply and had to order one so it was more money than I intended on spending.  The device is fine but the app is lacking.  Alexa seems to not know what I'm asking quite often and even when I'm very specific, it gives me the wrong information.  I wouldn't spend the money again.	3	June 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was lured in by the good price on Black Friday, but I can’t recommend this device. Unlike some of the reviews suggest there is no way to turn off the things to try message which constantly appears at the bottom of the screen. I’m unable to select most of my Facebook albums, and the weather forecast does not stay - rather it rotates on and off.Overall this device accomplished nothing notable, I would not recommendEdit: an amazon employee named Kristina reached out about some of my concerns which I do appreciate and took some of my feedback. She confirmed that there is no way to turn off the things to try prompt but told me that it was a common feedback. While there is no published limit in the number of Facebook albums that it supports I found that after about 50 it stops looking which meant I had a lot of old albums to select from but nothing recent. The weather app can be selected as the only card but it doesn’t stay up, it appears for 30 seconds or so then Disappears for 30s and the cycle continues. Overall the physical quality of this device is quite good but the software lacks any sort of customization to the point that you pretty much get a stock experience out of the box. My original point stands that this device doesn’t really accomplish anything despite being well made	1	November 30, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	The product itself looks good and is sturdy etc. I was trying to find a way to video call family and friends and it ONLY, ONLY workds with Skype (please correct me if I am wrong). Who uses Skype nowadays? I don't, my friends don't, nobody does lol. To me easy video calling is one of the most important features and in this product it is lacking. So if you WANT video calling try to get Facebook Portal, it uses MESSAGER and WHATSAPP (which is SO SO widely used internationally and FREE). Skype sometimes wants to charge you for international calls ( I could be wrong)Other then that, if you're looking to use Spotify and Itunes Music it is ok. And the regular Alexa funtions.I was so excited to get this product but I got disappointed with the video calling limitations.	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I just received this as a gift after having the Lenovo google assistant. I hate to admit it but this doesn’t hold a candle to my google device. Google allows me to have a much bigger clock and assists me much better. I asked Alexa for recipes and it gave me about 20 options. So many were poorly rated I would never cook them. It doesn’t allow me to view my recipe books in kindle and only reads them aloud from the beginning. I am keeping it more for family calls than anything else.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I can't help feeling my Echo Show could be so much better. I got it so I could access recipes and follow them in the kitchen. I will often research recipes and decide on a few for use during the upcoming week. I can't sync browser use so I ended up typing in the website several times when following a recipe tonight. The screensaver came on if I didn't access the browser for a few minutes; the website dissapeared after the browser went back to home when I left for a while (allowing meat to marinate a few hours and then coming back to finish the recipe). If the echo had more settings I could control time before screensaver appears, among other things. Why can't I sync my phone for more than just music? Why isn't Google Chrome one of the available browsers? Syncing with my Google account would be amazing. Why can't I customize the Home screen to make it more useable by adding shortcuts to my favorite uses? Why can't I SEARCH skills?!	2	January 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I wish there was a battery back up in this device, so I could unplug it and take to another room without waiting for everything to boot back up and reconnect to internet.The tilt of the device goes toward the ceiling instead of straight across, which almost forces you to purchase a stand as well.The power cord is too short to place it where we would like and also it pulls out from the back of the device too easily.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Photos difficult to program, I selected photos to be displayed but Echo displays ALL photos instead of just my selection.	3	October 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"The screen is nice and large and the sound is good. A solid update from my first generation Echo Show.I've come to grips with the fact that Kindle devices aren't as good as iPads because you pay a third of the price. But why is the voice recognition of the Echo devices not as good as Google Nest devices at the same price point? I use both families of devices in my home with a preference for Amazon's. Every day I find myself literally yelling at Alexa because it misunderstood something I said. I thought maybe it was just the older generation Echo Dots but even both my new Echo Show 5 and Echo Show 8 exhibit this same problem. The problem most frequently comes up with routines (e.g., ""Alexa, send the kids to bed"") and news stories (e.g., ""Alexa, what's the Hot Dog Day story?"").The Echo, Echo Dot and Echo Show devices are generally good and have become part of my everyday routine, but the frustration that comes from hit-or-miss voice recognition (probably the device's biggest selling point) is enough to detract from the overall experience."	2	July 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"We had a Show 5 in the kitchen and purchased the Show 8 primarily for the larger screen. While we are happy with the screen size we are decidedly not happy with the software implementation. It is in some ways a downgrade from the Show 5. Many reviewers have stated the same issues we have. First, unless we are fairly close to the Show 8 we cannot see the clock in the upper left hand corner. Unlike the the Show 5, there are no templates with a simple monochrome background and a large font clock in the center.  Second, there is no displayed date. Third, there is no way to turn off the ""Try Alexa""  displayed  at the bottom of the screen. If these issues were addressed in an update we would raise our review to five stars."	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I decided to pursue the Echo Show 8 after seeing all the good reviews. Sadly it is not what I expected. While the Echo Show 8 has a really nice display and looks good in the kitchen, the speaker/sound is horrible. The speaker keeps making a popping and screeching sounds. I thought perhaps I have the volume up to loud but, when I checked it was not even up half way. I worry the sound will get worse and the speaker will eventually go out all together.We have many many other amazing Amazon products and was shocked this one was lacking.I do not recommend you purchase this product.	3	July 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	A very well thoughtout device, love it, but... the Audio interface with Ring devices is mostly garbled and not understandable if you are more than 2 feet away from the  echo show.  Much worse than a phone.  With the phone held at arms lenght, the audio is very clear and unbroken over wifi.  It kind of defeats the purpose if you have to be so close to the echo that you can reach out and hold it to your ear before the echo/ring audio is coherent and clear.The echo dot, has a better audio transmission to ring devices than the echo show for some reason.  I will just use my phone for video and audio...	3	May 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	First and foremost, the first 2 months of this product working were great!  Easy to use and control, great sound quality, really great stuff.But around the week of christmas (this was purchased in NOV 2020) I noticed it only showed the amazon logo, nothing else.  No voice recognition, no functioning anything... just logo.  I tried doing all the crap they post online on how to remedy the situation (all 3 tasks, 1 unplugging/plugging back in, no go; 2 holding mute and vol down for 15 seconds, around 2 dozen times and does not work; 3 factory resetting within app, absolutely nothing.)I jumped on chat for remedy (I am in the US), and they said they could replace it, but to wait for an email since the person answering the chat was on amazon.uk and they can't handle any warranty claims, maybe they are swamped and UK is covering?  I can dig that.  I get the email... saying that since it was amazon uk, I need to go in and do it all over again on regular amazon... which is what I did the first time.  So they want me to go back through the process that I have already completed and which they f***ed up, for different results?Nah, will not be doing that... and likely will not be buying amazon products from amazon any more (best buy with product protection, they will replace it in store).	1	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Privacy concern with the drop in feature. For some reason it does not notify you when a person has or is dropping in.. Not a fan of the ads, other than that nice addition to the kitchen. Wish apps rather skills can be used.	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Those stupid suggestions at the bottom of the screen are totally insulting. ""Alexa tell me where i can get a pizza"" really? Just stop, its visual pollution. You can not turn the damn things off. Total intentional bad design. Theres a reddit called a___ole design and the alexa team should get a gold statue from them.And the other thing is that alexa seems to wax and wain in terms of her comprehension , she was really ""getting it "" and understanding most things I asked for in dec 2019 and then mid month I think they did an update and she got... well I'm sorry it's not a mean word because I'm using it in the proper use... she got retarded. She was smart and then she retarded. I always ask for the same shows or podcasts and she usually got em but after that update I'd be like ""alexa play meet the press"" and she's be like ""I have a skill you might like called ice cream funland, would you like to try it?"" Its totally infuriating, any slightly muffled or misspoken syllable and you get a skill recomendation. Of course its impossible to turn the skill recomendations off.Overall the whole product family could be amazing but amazon is clearly forcing them to be way crapper then they need to be. The idea that you can customize everything, you can make a voice operated birdbath and call your grandmother with a word, but you can't turn off the simplest and most annoying aspects of the device, it's not an accident. Amazon makes it crappy intentionally.The speaker groups are a really cool feature when they work properly."	1	February 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Not what I  expected. I brought one for my home and another for Grandma's house in another state. I hoped it would be easy and simple for her to use. Not at all, after creating an Amazon account for her, downloading the app on a second phone and naming the device. I watched a few videos and learned we have to be on the same account😩. My next challenge was adding her contacts. Obviously, we don't have the same circle of friends. My contacts are now her contacts and vice versa.🤔 I digress, not what I thought.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I love being able to access recipes and be able to see some in video.  It keeps going to sleep when I'm in the middle of a recipe and I haven't figured out yet how to extend sleep mode to at least finish a recipe without constantly refreshing. I wish I could enter my own recipes. Alexa and I are at odds with each other more often than I would like and more than on my echo. A lot of this is probably learning curve, I just expected it to be easier.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Que siempre hay que mencionarle antes de cada pregunta	3	November 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like most features except that it was sold to me by an Amazon rep. that assured me, when it senses motion, the actual picture of the said motion would appear on the screen. It doesn't......	3	August 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased five of these, one for every member of my family my grandmother hasn't been able to see because of COVID, only to find out that because my grandmother doesn't have smart phone there is literally no way to make the device work for her and if I just keep her on my account she can video call other people but they would have to video call me for it to get to her. Smart tech? Not so much. If I hadn't already given these as gifts I would be returning all five. Super frustrated	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I picked this up mainly to integrate with Ring so I could get a quick visual when someone came to my door. Overall it is a good product and I really like the photo screen saver function as well as a quick view of the weather and other items.The one major downfall is the microphone is terrible. Echo show can't hear if it is actually being used for music or similar media and is poor at best when it is silent in the house. Compared to the Echo Dots I have the Echo Show is not even in the running when it comes to picking up my voice commands.	3	September 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I can’t really give an effective review because I’m still learning it	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"A complete waste of money.  Only rarely does it respond to audible questions or instructions.  Sometimes ""she"" responsds with ""Sorry, I'm having trouble"" other times there is simply no response.  I know it hears me because there's a blue bar across the bottom of the screen that illuminates when I speaking to it.  I've update the firmware which made no difference.  Worthless."	1	September 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I picked up a Show 8 recently. Liked it enough that I decided to get two for a paired stereo setup, a function which Amazon claims you can do with this device.  Unfortunately, I found it just doesn't work. If it has for others, would love to hear about it. Spent hours on my own troubleshooting. Then tonight spent an hour on the phone with Amazon tech support. That's a lot of time wasted only to find that there just doesn't seem to be any way to get two Show 8's working as a stereo pair. Since I have no idea if its a bug, or one or both units malfunctioning, I'll now have to return all of it, including 2 Dots that came with the Show 8's on a holiday sale/promotion. Very disappointing. Hope they work out the bugs and get it working as is promised. Seems like a device with a lot of potential, but for me it was just wasted time.EDIT:  After hours and hours of wasted troubleshooting an Amazon staff member got back to me on their device forum advising Amazon's info on their Compatible Echo Devices page was WRONG!  Wasted a ton of time, money, and now even more time for returns because of Amazon's misinformation about the stereo pairing for these!  Ask me how annoyed I am at this moment?? Nice of Amazon to apologize on their forum for my ""inconvenience"". Lot of good that does me!!!  P.S. While they've now corrected their compatibility for stereo pairing page they've left questions answered here that still contain the wrong information. I hope others don't go thru a problem because of that. Merry XMAS to you to Amazon :("	1	January 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Bad	3	January 1, 2022	1
Echo Show 8	It's not living up to its worth. The voice recognition isn't that good. The echo show 8 hears what I say wrong half the time and starts playing random music. I bought an outdoor camera blink, and it continues to buffer on my echo show 8. It's something that definitely hasn't been perfected. Sound quality is good. It seems to be a good speaker sovfar. And it looks nice but performance wise, it's a little cave mannie. Prehistoric. Please upgrade software. ⭐⭐⭐⭐UPDATE: So I had to change the rating from 4 to 1 star.⭐. The reason is I bought a brand new show 8 and it's defective. So Amazon sent me another one. Upon inspecting the package, i see it's refurbished. So I contact customer service and they end up giving me a refund. Their new policy, which I wasn't notified about, won't send a brand new device if yours is defective. No no, you get a refurbished one even though you paid full price for the brand new one. It makes no sense. All that does is harm the customer. Amazon has gotten a lot richer, and quality and customer service have gotten really bad. They're punishing a customer by not sending a brand new device, if it's deemed defective or otherwise doesn't work. So you pay full price for a brand new device, and if you need a replacement, you get refurbished. How does that make any sense????	1	February 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not very useful. More annoying than helpful. Music sound is ok but buzzes speakers often with sound level 5. Does connect to bluetooth speaker well - that is a must as I can't use the built-in speakers unless the sound level is 4 or less which is pretty soft. While the voice recognition is great, they have not really improved the usefulness of what you can actually look up on the stock model. Also, for some reason, my unit prefers the beatles which it thinks about when it can't understand.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don't use it like I thought I would. The video quality isn't what I thought it would be, and it's not as easy as it should be to navigate to my desired video apps. It could be so much easier, but it's not. A but dissapointed with this. I do still use it, but I find I use it in the same way I would use an Alexa smart speaker. The screen isn't as handy as I had hoped it would be.	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The base is almost too much, I’ve adjusted it from the factory setting to the lowest setting. Some songs are all mumble from the amount of base even with it adjusted. It’s a nice addition to my kitchen for recipes and being able to see the weather forecasts for the personal pictures slide show but other then that it wasn’t much to write home about. I’m kind of disappointed with Amazon in general theses days my packages are always late so I’m not sure why I even pay for prime anymore. It’s not a terrible product but definitely not the best.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I replaced our an echo in our kitchen with this thinking that this would help me when I was cooking as I could have my recipes up on this display rather than having to use my phone. Well, that hasn't worked out as planned and it the process to get recipes to even display is so convoluted that I'm just using it now as just as a regular echo. I wish there was a way to send a webpage from my phone to this.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My son purchased this for my 75th birthday present. My dear daughter-in-law spent a day loading the pictures. However, when the time came to enjoy the Alexa device, it didn't work. So they took it home to return it. Sadly, I didn't get to view all my grandkid pictures and ended up with no gift. Of course, my biggest disappointment was not viewing the pictures. Dang Alexa!	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I was excited about the potential of this, but it has delayed reaction to my voice. It is also choppy so it can be playing a station and then cut out or takes several seconds to recognize my voice and then drops the command or takes minutes to respond to it. I had an echo dot in the exact same location, so I know it’s not my Internet connection. I tried resetting it I tried resetting my router and modem, but nothing worked so I am returning it	2	December 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I did what the directions said to set it up.  I’ve seen them in action so I know some of the things they can do.  I can’t get it to make a store list for me, cycle my photos, or show subtitles when it plays music.  I ask for news headlines, I get the weather.  I ask for music, it says it’s playing from my Grandson’s watch.  I shouldn’t have to schedule a nerd to come to my house to set this up.	2	December 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We are dismayed with what we feel is rather misleading claims by Amazon. Or maybe it is GLARING omissions of features they decided to leave out of the Echo shows. We live in a modest apartment and have enjoyed having an Echo Dot in two of our bedrooms with our living room in the center of the apartment with our Echo Plus. What was great was the ability to pair all 3 Echo devices so we could play something and have it broadcast to all 3 devices. Amazon sells the Echo Shows as if they are EQUAL or near equal to the regular Echo speakers. HOW WRONG! There is ZERO ability to pair Echo Shows (at least not the Echo show 8) with each other. We bought two Echo Show 8s and are no longer able to pair our 3 rooms. We bought the shows for what the screens can do. And in just a couple of days, we have been impressed. The sound has been very good as well... AS SINGLE STAND ALONE units.Amazon, do something to fix your blasted units.  Frankly, I am THIS CLOSE to sending the units back and throwing away everything Amazon I have for the deception.	2	March 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I've had the Alexa show for almost a month now. Besides the question of the day, I'm not really sure what the hype about Alexa is. My kids think it's hilarious to walk in my room and  yell ""Alexa, play Pop Out"" so I'm about to off myself next time I hear that song. Other than that, what else does she do besides never know what I'm talking about? I already have a husband for that purpose. Someone send help"	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	There is no option to keep the screen off until you tell it to turn on. Screen turns on every time you ask a question. Screen turns on for no reason in the middle of the night and disrupt my sleep. I only use the screen about 1 hour per week. Such is a waste of energy and not eco friendly.It has limited use. Browsing internet and YouTube app are hidden. A tablet is way more superior than the echo show.	1	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8		2	August 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I use it primarily to check in on my animals. There are very few instructions that come with the Echo. I have had to unplug it and reboot a couple of times because there was no sound. It would recognize that I asked something, but you couldn't hear a response. Also, when I ""drop in"" from my phone, the icons are confusing. Are they muted when they're white or when they're black? I wish you could get a full manual without an additional charge. I also bought the stand to ""aim"" the camera,  but it's really not very versatile. Only has like 3 positions."	3	September 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	received as gift. initial setup was easy, but testing it out for group calls was a little tricky and took some time. camera quality is not the best and not really a fan of the how the picture tiles get smaller as video callers join. will have to read up on that.getting answers to questions works just as should, the samuel l. jackson voice was not really what i expected, but still fun to hear it. speaker is not at all bad when listening to music.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I got this device with the sole intent to display my pictures stored on Amazon Drive, and it is a very disappointing experience.* The setup was not very straight forward. Clearly displaying pictures is a side option, not the main point of this device.* Pictures are displayed in the inverted order they have been stored online (most recent ones 1st). There is no shuffling/randomization option. I have over 50,000 pictures so that was a BIG disappointment as I would have loved to be ""surprised"" by which picture comes next.* Picture displaying speed never changed despite changing the settings on the device.* The device got stuck on 1 picture after ~1 week of use. Once I restarted it no pictures were displayed at all, despite still being connected to my amazon account. Clearly some low quality programming here.* I couldn't get rid of the AI interface even if I will never use it. The best I could do is turn off the camera and microphone. But I get a very visible red band at the bottom of the screen and occasional written messages on the screen to ""entice"" me to use the AI (""Have you tried saying ..."").* This is very surprising, knowing that competitor devices have been able to display pictures for years very well. Very much feels like getting a flip phone when you ordered a smartphone.* I couldn't find another device to display my pictures stored on Amazon drive. This is making me consider moving them back to another cloud provider."	1	August 3, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have two added speakers , I called for support to adjust the volume of each speaker , and no one can help . I am told I can only use  ONE speaker at a time .  I bought the speakers to listen to stereo sound  , and need to adjust the volume of each speaker ,  independent of the other channel . When someone can assist me I would appreciate an answer .  Thanks	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Works great but I feel like they could have put more microphones on it to hear better like on the Eco’s I haven’t play with it too much but I do like having something I can see!	3	August 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Received as a gift. Did not link easily to zoom or other other devices. You have to add skills before and use your app to do so. Great for playing music but have to constantly refuse the Amazon music feature. Has turned on by itself a couple of times now. Has decent picture quality and I use more for music and zoom meetings since it’s in office. I don’t like that it has to stay plugged in. But overall great gift.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The echo show 8 has a huge oddly shaped speaker on the back, which does not provide the best sound quality.  The operating system is not efficient and requires too many steps to navigate.	3	August 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	You can't upgrade the memory. Everything costs more money with this thing. Example, my Amazon music service is 3.99 on the Dot, but on Echo Show it is 9.99. Overcharging poor people will not get you guys into heaven you know. They have too many features that cost too much money. When you invest in the unit, it should be able to do many more remarkable things but in this case, only if you have enough money. I use the unit, sometimes but mostly I use the Dot.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The echo Show 8 was purchased to hopefully replace a Fire 8 and/or Fire 10 tablet that was being used in the kitchen for recipe preparation from a web url.  When firefox or silk is invoked and you navigate to the site to review/use a recipe or possibly other viewing, the Show 8 times out the browser and returns to the home screen.  This makes it almost unusable for our desired major use.  If you plan on using a static screen through one of the browsers, you will be disappointed currently.  Hopefully this will be changed soon to allow it to stay within a specifically invoked browser.  Otherwise, we really like the device and welcomed it to our home.  Music is reasonably good and smart home interaction is good also.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"I actually like the Show 8 a lot except for one thing: the ""Try"" suggestion nag at the bottom of the home screen. It can not be shut off and it bugs me more each day. I already get suggestions for Alexa in email a couple times a week. I do not need this on the Echo Show! I am not alone in this, as Amazon's own forums and many blogs online also feel that this nag should be controllable by the user. Amazon has been telling people who complain about it that they will pass it on to ""the development team""... they have been saying that since the first device in late 2017! I may yet return it even though it does work well... just want that extra bit of control over the ""Try"" nag..."	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had almost cancelled this order due to a family problem related to a bunch of orders, but i didn’t (in time). i was trying to figure out what to use it for, honestly. it’s not like i was gonna put in the kitchen & use for recipes (kind of expensive for that, or any single use reason). i did create an amazon photo album & was enjoying seeing those - UNTIL they force fed the device a useless screen that shows up over & over, very often (sometimes multiple times in a row even), with no way to disable or turn it off. For the life of me, i can’t figure out what positive impact it has - especially since it’s just an unreadable blocky screen from across the room - other than to upset people who own these. i’m not a happy owner, to say the least, along with many many others.	2	April 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Really wanted to like this but just couldn’t. Slow and slightly glitchy. Cannot fully turn off alexa try this. Video calling is terrible quality to phones because of 1mp camera. No easy way to pull up browser. Can’t even like songs when playing spotify and have to use phone to do it. Hulu integration is not great. Menu and apps are not intuitive at all. Doesn’t seem like the coders & designers are actually using the product at all. Just get a tablet and speaker.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I use Alexa for everything, music, alarms, turning light on and off open and shutting doors heating and air conditioning.. and I love it but lately she isn't understand what I'm saying... And it's getting frustrating...	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Aparte del buen sonido, no tiene respuesta apropiada a ciertos comandos	3	November 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I didn't have any particular use in mind when I purchased this but thought it might be handy in the kitchen to view recipes but it needs to be plugged in to work and I don't have a convenient place to to do that while still being able to look at a recipe.  It has, though, replaced my clock/radio in the bedroom and works well for that function.  Seldom use the phone and have not tried that function.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought the Echo show primarily because I have used Allrecipes for years and have many saved recipes I use regularly.  Unfortunately, there is no way to bring up your saved favorites.  If you say the exact name of the recipe you want to make, it will give you something entirely different or will say it doesn't understand you.I decided to return it, but changed my mind:  Because we have thousands of photos on Amazon, they are showing on the Echo Show all the time; we love this feature.  We're seeing pictures we had totally forgotten about.  Every time we walk through the kitchen we both check to see what's showing now!I sure would love it if they'd fix Allrecipes so I could actually use it, though.	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	We are still learning all that Alexa is capable of.  but there is alot she does not understand.  like this name Kosloff becomes coleslaw and as smart as she is she is as dumb as a box of rocks  Sound is amazing when playing music.  Its so good that my parrots dance to her.  That is her best feature other then telling me when the sun is going to set.  She is way off on the weather.  But she is fun.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This wasn’t quite what we were looking for. Turns out the display didn’t add much value for us. Not sure what features we thought we would like but we couldn’t really find anything in the Echo Show we wanted that wasn’t already in our Echo. Maybe some day the additional features of the screen will have more appeal and we’ll give it another try. Bottom like it didn’t live up to the hype for us.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	All goid	3	December 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The issue that I have with the Echo Show isn't any of the individual features, which are great, but with the software itself.  There's simple things like not being able to set your home screen to show the date, the fact that as you're typing in information because Alexa misheard you, it will just go back to the home page deleting any changes you've made.  If Amazon would fix simple things like this it would be a great device. As for voice recognition, even when other devices are playing audio, it still picks up my voice which is great. I like the screen, and I like it when it goes into dark mode because it shows the time, day, and date (I wish I could have it do this during the day mode as well, but only works when room is dark...). so should you buy? IDK it's mostly software, so in theory they can update it, but it'll probably be some time.	2	January 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	After having the device for 2-3 weeks my Echo went completely unresponsive. Tried resetting it and troubleshoot and nothing worked. Contacted Customer Service and with the Warranty they are supposed to get the device looked at.	2	April 28, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have 3 Swann security cameras and the skill for it works well. I decided to add Blink XT2 being that Echo Show 8 and Blink are both Amazon products and had a very difficult time getting Show to recognize Blink camera. I finally got Show to recognize the camera with directions from Blink, but name was to similar to Swann camera and Show sometimes had problem recognizing, so I changed name of Blink camera, and now cannot get it to be recognized by Show. I have tried using directions from Blink multiple times but still cannot get it to recognize the Blink XT2.	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Had a replacement once because the speaker sounded blowed or faded in and out during music. Replacement unit started to do the same only worse. Too late for a new replacement. Taking a $$ loss..	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We too much and too busy.  I found myself repeatedly saying Alexa stop for the first two days straight. The show five didn't give me any such trouble, what was returned because the power supply jack is not tight enough and kept calling loose. In retrospect I probably should just have gotten called version 4 as the first tech suggested.PS: It lost settings and had to be set up over again, still annoying and NOT the home base that the 4 is.  BUT now the 4 is 100, not 50, and on top of it all, for the first time in years, Amazon has decided to wait til they RECEIVE it to credit me for it (though they credited the DOT purchased by mistake and everything else I've returned in the past 2+ years) so I am STILL on terminal hold.I will not be funding any more of Alexa's BS.  It has been a year and we STILL don't have a function voice command for the #&%# bedroom light.  DONE WITH IT AND AMAZON ALTOGETHER	1	January 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I did read all the reviews before I pulled the trigger on this.  I bought this thinking it would display recipes while I cook.  Well it doesn't.  Apparently you can use all recipes but not anything else.  So, other than showing me my shopping list and being a big clock and maybe a photo display - it has no greater utility than a regular old dot.  I have to say I am very disapointed.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"My family purchased the Echo Show 8 for my 95 year old grandmother to make video calls and stay connected to us during COVID-19. According to the ad page on Amazon, it's ""Simple to set up and use! 1. Plug in 2. Connect to the internet using Echo Show 3. Just ask Alexa for music, weather, news and more"". What the description does NOT tell you is that a smart phone with Wifi/the Alexa app is required for setup as well. I have been relatively tech savvy with virtually every other device I've ever purchased - this is, by far, the least intuitive/user friendly. I set up an Amazon account using my grandmother's name and email, got her to verify the one-time password and confirm the account, then logged into Alexa using that account. I added myself, parents, and siblings to the contacts in the Alexa app, which for some stupid reason won't sync with the Echo Show despite being connected to her Alexa account. There appears to be no option to add contacts directly through the Echo Show itself without connecting/verifying a mobile phone number (which, again, why TF would you need an Echo Show if you already have a smart phone that supports video chatting).If you're buying this for a family member and they already own a smart phone, you might as well just go with the video chatting via Facebook messenger - at least that is free and easy to use. This was an absolute waste of time and money. Wish I could give zero stars!"	1	June 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have tried everything to get my streaming apps to play on the show. None of the movie apps work but I was able to get Spotify to connect. That’s it, nothing else! It’s so frustrating.	1	November 4, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Content is lacking. Bought to use with my Blink cameras but learned after my purchase that it won’t constantly show a camera view. So, while I’m in my office I can’t keep a constant eye on my front camera. I can look at it for segments but not constantly. It would be great if it would. The advertising for the product is very deceptive. I’m hoping that it will eventually have the livestream view of my Blink cameras.	3	April 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This was a gift and I have no idea what to do with it. I have no smart devices to connect/intergrate Alexa to so usually powered OFF; otherwise there's always stuff (alerts, topics, news) on the screen that I have to go over and read	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"If you tell it to turn off the screen, there is a great chance you can never wake it again.  I had to return the first one and ordered a replacement because I could never wake it even with reset to manufacture settings.  The replaced one was touch and go when I tested the screen off command.  I would just let it on to avoid the ""black screen of death"" again.  I hope amazon could issue an update to its software to fix this."	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the surrounding sound system with subwoofer the most. As far as the app part, i don't like to set up with my phone as there's too much apps. I would hope echo itself have video conferencing app built in icon like skype whatsapp or facebook messenger so that I don't need use my phone to set up. Also, the built in search engine is not functioning well or has limited database, a lot of times I have to ask alexa to search in google.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"We have three Echo Dots in the house and now the Show. We also have Dish Network with the Hopper. We have the Dish Network skill enabled in our system, the three dots can control our Hopper but the Show can't. Our show is in the kitchen and we have one dot in the living room. Even though we are much closer to the dot and it's directly in front of us the Show will override commands given. If I ask Alexa to ""pause Dish"" the Show will reply with ""sorry I can't find a device named dish""  It's highly annoying, wished I could turn down the mic gain on the show. We like the Show but don't understand why it can't do the same basic things the dots can."	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"02/24/2020 update: Still not working properly with Blink XT2 system and has developed problems with Wyze camera also. Searching the internet has shown even the Arlo cameras don't work reliably either.  The Amazon Alexa/Echo techs have stated that the problem in my case is with Blink since Blink is responsible for the Blink Skill app. The common denominator here is the Echo Show 8.  I am changing my rating to one star and would give zero if I could!Original review:After wasting much time and effort I discovered that the Blink XT2 and Blink Skill does not work reliably with Show 8 in either Best or Enhance resolution. A real bummer as the Saver resolution is not satisfactory for me. Integration with the Blink cameras is the main reason for purchasing the Show 8.When I ask Alexa to show me the camera I usually get the OK response, a short delay then camera sound but no video. Sometimes Alexa says OK then shortly announces ""Something must have gone wrong"".Blink reportedly has actually been aware of the problem for months and is promising a fix in the future but is not saying when. If it is taking so long to fix it must be a major flaw or it is a ""back burner"" project for them. I have not seen anything in either the Blink or Show documentation/advertising that lets customers know NOT to expect integration in anything but the ""Saver"" mode.Needless to say I am not a pleased customer. I would give the Show 8 only one star based on the problem with Blink but other features work well for the most part so far."	1	December 23, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"UPDATE: Instead of addressing the things to try annoyance, Amazon is also now going full screen with it, replacing your choice of home screen content. It puts up a full screen ""Alexa for your day"" that lists multiple annoying ""things to try"". There is no way to turn it off permanently. I would not buy any Echo Show device until they stop blasting it with ads like this.I had a Show about a year ago and returned it because the ""Things to try"" ads were annoying and could not be turned off. I was hopeful Amazon had listened to their customers and provided an option by now. To the ones that say there are no ads, I'm not sure what else to call something that is encouraging me to buy something on Prime Video, for example. Not all are incoming producing for Amazon, but they are still ads.To those saying turn of Discovery in Home Content .. this has NOTHING TO DO WITH THINGS TO TRY! It is turned off and I still get the ads. Besides, it's not on the home screen where it is most annoying. It is, for example, when listening to music and in other skills where it appears and is totally unrelated to what Alexa is doing at the time.Perhaps as a cruel tease, there is a ""Things to Try"" in Settings. But it doesn't allow you to set anything .. it just shows you more of the things to try."	1	September 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I was excited about getting this. I wanted an alarm clock with Alexa and all the features. I wound up returning it, and that was disappointing. Very much so.It is an aggressive and relentless ad server loaded with suggestions of what I should do and what I should buy. Things constantly scrolled across the screen. I looked everywhere to find a solution for this, and couldn't  find one.It can be a great and useful product without all the nonsense. It's offensive to expect us to pay for something we have little control over as it tells us what we should buy and what we should be doing, watching, and listening to.A great idea and, in my opinion, a total failure in execution.Good sound, a reasonable screen, a mediocre camera for video chat.I would buy another if they make it for us instead of for them.	2	April 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I love the way I can control Home Automation with Alexa. Was so excited to get the echo show 8, as my first echo screen unit. But as soon I powered it on, first thing I can see is the backlight bleeding so much. Is this normal to have that much, or did I got a bad unit? Anyway I thought it would be ok as you can see much when there is a brighter picture in it. But when it got inactive, I’ll have only a clock and a black screen full with backlight bleed. Will contact Amazon and see if it’s normal or if I can get a replacement.——Edit: Amazon it’s awesome, and it’s sending me a replacement. Will post back once the new unit arrives.——Edit: added a picture for comparison. Second unit looks really good. Thank you.	1	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	It’s been about a year and a half and now I can’t get it to respond to anything by voice or through the Alexa app. It still displays photos and news/ weather but nothing that I ask it to do works?? Please help	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo show has a lot of great uses, but it falls terribly short with when it comes to playing music. It worked great for months, we have a total of 4 Dots and one Echo show and it was great having music throughout the house. Randomly they would quit playing music and have static. It isn't all of them at once, it is one at a time. Sometimes they work great, other times they won't even play. It isn't the internet because the other ones are still playing. It isn't the distance because they are in the same place there they were when we didn't have any problem. There isn't any electrical interference. Nothing changes when it works and when it doesn't. The product itself is just inconsistent. Next purchase will be Google.	1	April 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I think he will do better with a kids tablet nBy Amazon	2	June 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Over all, this is a little lesser quality then just getting a basic dot, the screen is nice, but over all, I've issues with this one chiming in when nothing was said to wake it up, it'll sometimes reboot itself and can take up to 3 minutes to reboot, with no warning that it was going to shut down.  and at least on mine I've had to repeat myself a couple of times, because it just doesnt understand a simple question (Asked it how many days until a specific date, and it told me it didnt understand the question, twice)	3	August 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have yet to find out how this improves my life It does exactly what my phone already does. It just takes up space.	2	June 5, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought it to work with my Ring doorbell.  I get notifications when Ring sensed some objects and even put on a live view if someone rings the doorbell.  It is also useful for voice controlling different devices power on and off.  Plus,  it  is a good digital picture frame (but I don’t like the fact that I have to first put my pictures on FB or Amazon photo cloud in order to show).	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Don’t buy this piece of crap. It’s useless. You have to shout at it from one foot away to get it to even hear you. Amazon knows it’s a problem and they don’t care. My $15 echo flex that is 45 feet away in another bedroom responds more often than this stupid thing does when I’m standing right in front of it. What a waste of money. I have two of them and I can tell you don’t ever buy one. Amazon also has terrible support for these devices. They give you one year and then that’s it they want you to buy a new one. One year and my expensive piece of fancy tech is a paperweight? What a piece of crap!Amazon must think that I have money like Jeff Bezos if I can just keep shelling out 100 bucks a year just to make my light bulbs turn on and off. What a joke. Stick to software Amazon because your hardware is crap and your thin warranty shows you have no faith in your own products.	1	January 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Look, it is a cool little gadget, and it was fun to play around with it.  What was advertised is that it can be used in the Kitchen, in place of the stupid cellphone that is always turning off, and is a smaller screen.What they don't tell you is that the ONLY way to really use it in this role is via the All-Recipes skill. Like the ONLY way.  So if you do as I do, and find recipes all over the place and then want to use them for actual cooking, there is no way to get that recipe to this device to use it in the kitchen.There are strange workarounds that involve setting up the Echo Show with an email or twitter account and then sending items to it. But the very simple use case ""Share this URL or Text/PDF file to my Echo Show"" cannot be easily achieved.On the plus side, it was a good deal, and a way to explore what sort of integration is possible with Alexa, but warning anyone who wants to use it this way that it just does not help much"	1	November 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The product overall was great.  I had to return the item for a second time because I was encountering an issue with the media feature.  My Alexa would play music, or video, or just be streaming a basketball game and it would automatically exit to the home screen after 5 mins.  I tried everything; restarting, changing every setting (ambient clock, slide shows, Home Screen settings etc). Tech support also attempted to resolve the issue but couldn’t figure it out.	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Waited a while to review and glad I did Got this approximately 3 months  ago and initially was working fine but now it does not always respond to “Alexa” and at times it says music is playing but no sound is coming outVery frustrated because I’m past the return date and it doesn’t work!!!😡	1	September 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Echo Show 8 does not make good use of screen space and provides limited configuration options, especially if using it in a bedroom.  My main issue is the clock.  The time is squeezed in the top left corner in its daytime layout, and in the lower left corner during the night layout.  You can't configure and change these layouts.  In addition, the night view sets the background to an adaptive ambient lighting which you can't turn off, so you get the lighting whether or not you want it.  I have some other minor complaints (such as, calendar only has one view option), but its not worth trying articulate all of them.  With all this said, there's also many very nice and useful features.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the echo eight. One of the problems is voice recognition is not the best. Another is the integration with a home stereo system that is connected to the Wi-Fi. To get the speakers to work on the system echo has an issue recognizing the speaker group as it is a Bose system.	3	June 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	not a fan of not being able to personalize the 3 i bought with didferent pictures because 2 went to my kids bedrooms and they now have the ability to call anyone in my cellphone which is pretty stupid. the pictures also have to be appropriate for all the rooms. they dont need my hunting photos and i dont need paw patrol photos but i want them to have the ability to call certain people so im stuck	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is getting so out of hand!! I can't even listen to music now without an add every 3 songs telling me to get music unlimited if I don't want to listen to adds. Not even real advertisements. Just interrupting the music to annoy you until you pay for crap.  Amazon is getting so greedy. Done buying these products. I also just found out you can't even play a single damn song without paying for music unlimited. WTH DID I GET AN ECHO FOR WHEN I CANT USE IT?!?!?	1	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	on the most part echo show is good ! but I had problems with freezing and privacy issues !! if you have others on your acct. even if they are on a different wi fi 20 miles away theyDONOT need permission to drop in !! they CAN answer your calls if that person is also in there contacts and can listen in just by saying answer alexa!! this did happen to me and can happen to you!!  as for video call its great and all other features I love . I have solved the privacy issue by putting mine on different acct but it would of been nice to have been given heads up and when I asked they said permission needed .	3	February 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The eight-inch screen makes viewing details much easier than with the Show 5. The 8's sound is much better than the 5's. I love how easily and fast Alexa gets streaming music. I appreciate watching Fire TV Recast on Shows. However, numerous restarts and resets have not solved all of the Show's problems. Sometimes it will not stop music or video. Sometimes it will not play music or video. Volume varies significantly between sources. And on all Echos, song information is periodically missing from some stations (that have it on my smartphone).	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The device is well-designed, with good sound. Basic set-up is straight-forward. The settings menus are limited and selecting certain options have unexpected consequences. Two browser options are provided. Initially, I went with FireFox but found that it timed out after five minutes despite trying everything. Amazon's Silk seems to not have the same problem. Given how long this product has been available, it's strange that some of these issues haven't been addressed. While many users may be happy with limited options, there should be means to fine-tune the device's performance. That goes for the skills too.	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	If you are like me in any way this was purchased for use as a clock in a bedroom. Some things that lack for such use.No way to have full screen clock, the main reason I bought the larger screen. It would be nice to read the clock from across the room without reaching for glasses, the 5 can do this.No way to have the date displayed with the clock as defaultthe weather only shows the current temp, how about a daily, weekly forecast display option.The options to display stocks and or sports scores is nice but it would be nice to input what you want to see. I dont care about the S&P, I want to see my holdings displayed. Also why does it assume the scores I want to see are all just local teams, maybe I follow a team from somewhere else.Turn off the Alexa discovery tips on the bottom of the screen!!!How about a USB port in the back to charge a phone instead of a service micro usb port that is for service only as far as it appears.All that said the sound is ok for a bedroom clock, however still pales compared to the new 4th gen Echo. I dont think this was well thought out at all. I basically paid a higher price for a sub par Echo speaker.	1	December 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I'm fairly pleased with my new, larger-screen Alexa Echo Show 8. My only disappointment is that I can not view any of my Arlo Pro 2 security cameras on the display. This was my main purpose for purchase.  Alexa is of little, to no help and only tells me to ""disable Arlo Skill and then re-enable skill from Alexa App"". The help forums haven't help either. A phone number would have been so helpful for support. I'm still working on the problem; however, I'm close to giving up...  GB"	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	As a technical individual I struggled to get this working. I received several errors that took a support call in order to remediate. I had to setup an amazon account for an elderly person that doesn’t do technology. So open up a new email account just to link to this device. Constantly have to tell it to stop trying to get my contacts and other information since you need to use your phone to set it up for your loved one. Now struggling to figure out how to get Alexa on the kids tablet and everyone else’s device, so I’m not the only one who can video chat from wherever they are.	3	May 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We ordered this product hoping to listen to podcasts and music more easily. Sadly the echo show was so underpowered that it would not consistently allow us to interact with the screen. Tapping a button on the screen would often not work. It's widget selection was extremely limited. The speakers did have acceptable sound quality. Do not buy, it isn't worth the work to return it.	1	September 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"*** This is an edit to my first review.First, I don’t know what he h*** you did Amazon. 3 days before Prime Days hit ALL OF MY ALEXA DEVICES went off grid. Lost their minds. I have 6 of these things in the house. I have two that talk back now. One constantly says something went wrong, the rest flat out won’t listen. Rings the blue light like it’s listening, then just stops. None of my connected lights will work. Ring cameras are taking forever to do anything live.I have deregistered, factory reset, checked for updates. Ive done everything to get them to work. At this point, I give up.First, Amazon, please get rid of the ""things to try"". It's annoying and it takes away from a clean streamline screen.That being said, it's great! The screen is a nice size. I didn't want to pay double for 2 more inches and loose the ability to turn off the camera. The sound quality out of the box is quite flat, yet bassy. The equalizer fixes that really quick. I've seen reviews complaining about the sound quality, I don't see the problem. Yes it sounds different from the Echo 1st and 2nd gen, but it's built different. I have mine in the kitchen. I'm not sure how it would sound being the lone speaker in a living room. I couldn't find the browser at first. Duh, you have to tell her to open it, lol. Silk or Firefox is your choice. The touchscreen seems normally responsive (I wish I could say the same for my Fire tablet)Very happy with my purchase."	1	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I really want to like this device as the screen is excellent and the sound output is great, but the microphones have trouble picking up voices.  I previously had an Echo Dot in the same physical location in my kitchen and it could hear you from all over the room with loud, normal, and quiet voices.  With the Echo Show, I'll speak in a normal voice and get about 60% success rate for it even hearing me.  I'll have an Echo down the hallway in another room pickup my voice, but not the Echo Show sitting 5 feet away from me.	3	July 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The voice recognition is horrible on this model. I could be right next to it and say Alexa 3 times and won’t hear me until I tell at it and I had an echo dot before and it was way better at understanding and actually hearing me. I have to yell at it multiple times to get it to do anything. I am Very disappointed and dissatisfied.	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"For the time I have this device I am mostly fighting it than enjoying it. It has a very dull microphone, I literally have to stick my face into it in order to give a command. Speaking to it from the distance is pointless.Also, time by time it doesn't recognize the commands. Sometimes it does, sometimes - not. For example, I say ""Alexa, play Shuffle Radio from Pandora"", it answers ""Playing 10-CC Radio from Pandora"".Had to call Tech Support and re-boot it. Didn't help much.Sad..."	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The video quality and sound quality are excellent! The price for the value is good as well and it gets the job done, however there are some major downsides. One, the apps are limited. No Disney+ or ways to add additional apps. The apps themselves are terrible. There is no search feature and you have to rely on Alexa to find stuff using voice commands. You also can’t switch seasons easily and it seems to randomly select the episodes to display. Don’t even try issuing Hulu. You can only watch whatever episode it wants you to and cannot easily select a different episode or season. Netflix is the only halfway decently designed app.While writing this review, I began with 3 stars, but now thinking of the flaws, I am downgrading to a 2. Amazon really could have done much better with the software.	2	April 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have sold my soul to Amazon but very disappointed that they can't seem to get their stuff to work together. I got this with a Blink camera so I could see who is at the door and talk to them.  I can see them and hear them but can't talk to them.  I have to find my phone, open the app then I can talk to them through the camera.  I can talk to Alexa but not through the Amazon Show to the Amazon camera without using the phone.  If I wanted to run everything though my phone I would have bought Google stuff.	3	June 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Camera placement.  Due to the angle of the screen and the camera on top when I call someone they only see the ceiling.  I've had to angle the camera and screen down by placing a book under it.  It also freezes constantly on calls.  Internet is fine and has nothing to do with the connection there.  Bottom line, rethink the design of the camera placement or screen angle.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The microphones and understanding of these devices used to be really good.  Not sure what is going on but the AI is getting dumber.  Now we have found you have to repeat sometimes two or three timesAlso whenever asking a question lately, the only response seems to be for it to do a Google search and show a YouTube video in Firefox.  I don’t want that.  How do we get rid of Firefox on this thing?	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the functionality of the Echo Show. My one complaint is I can’t get it to play from my Apple Music subscription. My other Echoes (2) play fine when i say “Alexa play Apple Music”. When i tell the Echo Show she says “enable the skill and link your account”. I’ve done this several times and even reset up the Show to make sure it was on my account and not another family member’s. If i could get this working I’d give it 5 stars	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can't adjust volume of the assistant or media.	3	November 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It has no settings for voice sensitivity so it’s very hard of hearing. The clock doesn’t take up the entire face and stays in one corner. It definitely needs more options like the Google interface has. If using Amazon products like the plugs, it works like a dream. However it doesn’t play well with others.	3	June 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love my echo show but all the bases on these don't allow you to tilt them down enough to set on a table and work unless it's very low to the ground. Everyone I know has to prop up the back with something so others can see you.	3	June 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this for my Mom to be able to call us with “virtual face to face”. Three family members  still have not been able to make it work for this purpose.	3	August 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	i liked the echo dots a lot and wanted an upgrade to the echo show but it’s not as responsive as the echo dots i will call alexa while downstairs and the echo dot upstairs would ping and the one downstairs would be unresponsive.  a bit disappointed because if it was more responsive i would love it but right now i feel like it’s not doing what it’s supposed to	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	IMO, Amazon is going backwards with user interfaces. The Fire HD Tablet had a decent interface, but they seem to screw something up each time they tweak it. The Echo Show user interface is horrible, and it doesn't play nice with the other devices, and they keep stepping on each other. It is common for me to ask the Show to do something, and I get a response from another room in my house. Alarms and other notifications interrupt movies or other things you're doing, and there is no obvious way to clear the screen that popped up to get back to what you were doing. The one good thing it has going for it is the sound. Much better than my tablet, but overall, I enjoy using my tablet more than the Echo Show.	2	June 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	With COVID, we wanted a device we could easily use to drop in and check up on our mother-in-law. The echo show seemed like the perfect solution with the drop-in capabilities and being able to easily initiate a video call - sadly the device is unreliable. Reliability is a big deal when it comes to checking in on loved ones who are older and more frail. Being unable to see whether they're there, or passed out on the floor is a deal-breaker.What started off as a great solution quickly became a nightmare as the camera suddenly stopped working for no apparent reason. We can still drop-in, but not with video - which is ironic for a device that's advertised as a video solution. We attempted multiple hardware resets, reviewed all of the settings, but with no success.If you have loved ones who live in different states and are planning to use Alexa Show to monitor their health and keep in touch with them, you may wish to research other products with better reliability and hardware / software design. Alexa Show was a bit of a nightmare to set up - far from the ease of a an apple device - and the fact that it has unreliable hardware is further proof that Amazon should stay out of consumer hardware design - it's just not their strength.	1	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This would be a great device except every time I ask a simple question like the current weather, for instance, it adds an incredibly frustrating “By the way…” at the end a rambles on about some stupid random suggestion. And Amazon won’t let you turn it off. Even if you turn off “suggestions” it still does these. It’s enough to make me want to toss them all in the garbage.	2	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this for my parents to be able to video chat with their grandchildren.  It was not clear that the video chat ONLY works with someone else that has the Echo Show device.  This works good as an Alexa interface, but it does not full the intended purpose.  Alexa is able to install apps for various device and streaming services.  I would be good to be able to same with video chat options, like Skype, Duo, or even Facebook Messanger.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	its bigger than my spot. I love the video connect. It still a little slow understanding my southern accent. would like to have clock and date displayed like the spot, not stuck up in the corner. I like being able to turn camera off. would have liked to have more indept instruction, like trying to add slide show to screen saver of photo from my photos, got caught up in amazon photo and it only down loaded some of my photos not the ones I checked to be in screen saver. would love to have a choice to stop all the advertisement. I recommend the show. I would give it a 5 star if the instruction was better and advertisement I could stop.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the fact that it is a nice size. What I don't like is that Alexa does not listen to your commands	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I got this to be able to use recipes while cooking.  I did not realize there is no way to add my recipes  that I can only use the AllRecipes app and the recipes that are already there, not ones I have added.  Plus it is difficult to even get to a recipe I have found while searching on my phone or tablet.  I would not have purchased had I know this.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It is fun to watch/listen to youtube while cooking. Really with it has better integration with youtube like cast youtube from my phone app. It has lots of potential but the app kind of sucks	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I fell for a deal on Amazon Prime Day to purchase this with a Blink camera.  I thought perfect, I can say Alexa, show me the front door and then have a conversation with whoever is at the front door.  Wrong!  It does not offer 2 way communication.  Why not?  Seems like 2 Amazon devices should be able to function like that.  I do still use it to view the Blink camera since it doesn't time out like the Blink app does.  That's pretty much all I use it for.  I can't see the need to use it for anything else.  I tried to use the micro USB port on the back to charge my cell phone, but that doesn't work either.  2 very basic wants not met.  I wouldn't recommend this device to anyone.	2	March 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The speakers have blown out after 12 months of moderate use. Amazon should replace the device for major flaws like blown speakers	2	June 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I liked this product initially. I bought it in February. Three times it started playing music out of nowhere. I don't have it synced with my Alexa upstairs. I called Amazon three weeks ago about it. They are still trying to figure it out. Then, yesterday (3-6) the music I had requested wasn't audible. Alexa could hear me and respond, but the music was muted. The lyrics appeared as songs played, but you couldn't hear anything.  Now, both stop playing part way through a set. I'll request, for example, play techno. It will play a couple songs then stop.  Previously it played for hours.  I hope they will be able to fix them both.	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The only thing is i can not fully control it ,the screen keeps changing and the clock has no control in where in want it and the size it also doe’s not go dark enough at night and again the screen keeps changing so it’s like a slow strob light if i had known this might not have purchased it for my room clock	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The speaker quit working right after the return window closed.  So I cannot return it and it shows nowhere to send it to for repair.  Alot of money for one year only.  If anyone can assist me in where to take it for repair that would be great.  Usually I get no responses to my questions on here.	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I was excited to get my Echo 8 for Christmas. Prior to this, I was using an echo dot in the kitchen and this helps me a lot to do a lot of things. Setting as a timer, reminder, alarm, getting weather info, my commute time, announcing dinner, etc. So getting an Echo 8 was an upgrade for me to be able to do a lot of things plus get our security cameras videos integrated with it. But it was a bummer to always have to scream just for the Echo 8 to recognize my voice. Sometimes, the echo dot that is an adjacent room near the kitchen even gives a better recognition than Echo 8. I am so disappointed.	3	February 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought the Show 8 to replace Show 5 in bedroom.  The 5 had some nice clock face options but the largest clock face was not quite big enough for us.  Just assumed the 8 would remedy ..... NOPE !  No clock size or options such as the 5.  My fault for not researching enough ...... BUT why did Amazon skimp on this and other settings on a bigger and better device !!  I hope Amazon will remedy in the future.Dan	3	October 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Do you guys **not** internally beta test your updates? I noticed my alexa's spinning wheels, and now. Nothing works. LG has a basic issue. Hue, can't be reached. MagicHUE, nothing. Roku, never worked anyways. Dyson isn't working either. Nor Dish. I'd check if my firestick is working, but my pi.hole blocks tracking websites, which is all a Firestick is now. Only preloaded graphics are the small useless menu bars, and don't even show buttons. Another glorified Roku.	2	December 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"So far about the best use of the show is for things I can already do on the dot.  Adding a picture and a lot of nagging ""Did you know you can ...?"" does not make an improvement over a dot.  The only actual *use* for a screen is youtube, and that's gimped because of the apple/google fight.  I can't use the screen to queue amazon music, only press pause or play on what's already coming out.  I can't see a list of anything from TuneIn only say play or pause for what I queued by voice.  I can't see my DISH dvr recordings on the side, only say play or pause as if it was an echo.  I can't select or play from my Washington post subscription except via the website.  I can't, I can't, I can't.....I didn't expect the world, but if you're not into picture slideshows this is so far great potential, no results.  I'm just betting that like the early echo, it improves over time, at which point buying it for $80 during cyber Monday will turn out to be a good, not bad choice."	2	December 21, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"I am also not happy with the ""try this"" words at the bottom of the screen. It just doesn't fit the screen. Imagine if your phone constantly had that on it. It's just annoying. Also those who want to use this as an alarm clock-- the night time mode is too bright. Keeps your room relatively lit. The numbers and the fact it is not an AMOLED causes alot of light bleeding. Amazon please provide a AMOLED screen version. This will make a world of a difference. Lastly customization, there is little to none. You cant move the clock or select a different clock. You are stuck with the default. This thing has alot of potential, however the software isn't there to back it up."	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I really liked the Echo Show at first. However, there is no way to put it to sleep at night. If you have cats this can be problematic. Not a big Metallica person and really not a big Metallica person at 2:30 in the morning because the cat has turned on the music. I do believe they are evolving. The girl cat did have the royal news and gossip a couple of days ago. This morning the boy cat just turned on how to make flank steaks. So yes a snooze button would be a big plus.	3	August 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I traded in an echo dot for the echo show 8 thinking I was upgrading but the echo show has been nothing but disappointment. If I ask for copycat canes sauce I get recipes for ice cream desserts. I have yet to get the recipe I’m looking for.  If I ask for a YouTube video of something she gives me something totally different. She doesn’t know the answer to most of our questions...	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love it. People complain about the tips on the screen, but boohoo. It shouldn’t matter about something so trivial. The sound is loud, which is great. I asked for a recipe and it popped up and gave me everything I needed, step by step. I like watching my shows. I don't like that I cant see all the shows I want. I also wished I could get netflix and disney+. But eh. Love itUpdating this. I bought this in December 2019 and it is now August 2020. Dropping it down to 3 stars. Hulu doesn’t work anymore so basically all I can watch is prime. I have checked updates and there are none. I don’t know what else to do.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Show was a Christmas gift.  My son set things up.  However, it uploaded ALL of my photos from my camera.  Do I want a picture of my car battery on the Show?  No.  How about medically sensitive photos, which I have a lot of.  I can't even run the slide show for fear of what will be shown.  I deleted the Amazon photos app from my iPhone, but apparently it's too late, all those unwanted pictures are there, somewhere.  I need MORE CONTROL over this device.  It should only display photos I want displayed, not act as a vacuum to all my photos.  I'm not sure what to do next.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Have been using the Echo Show 8 for a couple of months now. I have it in the kitchen and I use it often as a timer when cooking. It has a difficulty recognizing me telling it to stop the timer when it goes off. In addition I have Arlo cameras for which there is direct integration to work with Alexa. However I find it that it takes a very long time to load at times (upwards of 2 minutes) and on occasion it doesn’t load the camera feed at all. Overall I would have to say this is a 3 star device. I also have a google home speaker which I feel works a lot more fluid and has better voice recognition.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Apenas tengo una semana con Alexa y ya me decepcionó! No abre spotify,  y se ha trabado en varias ocaciones.	2	June 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	First off, great speakers. The sound quality is surprisingly good. It looks good and I like the display overall. The “skills” for Alexa just always seem so glitchy. I really dislike the angle of the screen for video calls. Overall, we like having the device but it seems like we spend more time being frustrated than anything else—it has so much potential but it’s just not quite there for us.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This unit works as advertised. Have it integrated with a Ring camera on the front and rear of the house. It's not the easiest to set up especially if your not technical. We use it for family communication, especially for our mother who is in a care facility and soon a daughter at college. We prop ours forward because the way the unit is angled doesn't work for many of us. It should have been made custom tilt-able.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Its over all great but cant keep my camera on the screen for a long time. it times out and goes back to screen saver.	3	August 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	For what it is, it sounds great when playing music. Tha'ts the end of the good.I'll whisper a command right beside this thing because I want it to play a song on this specific device. The dot in the next room over will play the song because the show that I'm right next to will end up playing the song 90% of the time because this failure doesn't even hear it.Decide screw it with the voice commands, pull up a song on your phone and transfer it? NOPE! Somehow disconnected! It'll sure as hell override whatever you're listening to if you can magic your way into getting it to hear you, but more often than not, it's completely disconnected itself from the rest of the network.Thank God for the global pandemic, because Skype calls is the only thing this thing's good for.Oh, but don't try to use voice commands for Skype. Use the touchscreen instead. It's pretty much the only way to get it to do what you want.	2	June 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I purchased the Echo Show 8 for my mother-in-law, who resides in an assisted living facility.  It's been great for video calls with her.  There are a few ""quirks"" I wish were changed.  We love the slide show of photos, but there's not a ""speed"" option.  The photos stay on the screen too long.  And there's not an option to show month and day of the month, only time and temperature.  Her memory is ""going"", so she doesn't know what day it is."	3	October 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not user friendly to me and I don't like that my order and order status shows up on the screen. Gifts are never a secret	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I thought I could integrate with m Nest but apparently Amazon and Google still don't like playing nicely together.	2	June 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I ordered this with high hopes and I can say that it is not a friendly device. I do not like the fact that you have to connect it to Amazon and not independently which means Amazon has control. Not really impressed I did order to buy soon as I got the 1st one I cancel the 2nd 1. I would rather have Google nest Hub then this	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Missing the night time orange clock screen the Echo Show 5 has. A big deal when using it as an alarm in your bedroom. Just cannot understand why they wouldn't have this feature added. Quite disappointed.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"When I call out a command, if often doesn't hear me or hears it wrong. I've sometimes had to raise my voice and speak slowly, even from a foot away. One time, it wouldn't stop playing music no matter what I said, so I had to unplug it and restart it. Also, if I'm watching a video of live stream and add something to my shopping list, it will leave the list on the screen, hiding what I was watching. I tried, ""Alexa close my shopping list"" and it asked if I wanted to DELETE my shopping list. The only fix was to say ""Alexa, close"" so it closed everything, then reopen the video stream.The only good thing I can say is that the sound is awesome for playing music. Beep, thick bass, and gets pretty loud.Overall, I should have gotten a Fire tablet. It can doo all the same things and more, plus it would be portable."	2	October 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Wish you could select different episodes from Hulu and Netflix rather than always where I left off on another device, like my tv. I want to be able to access my Pinterest recipes! I initially wanted to use it in the kitchen for cooking from my Pinterest boards, but no easy way to do it. Other than that, sound is great. Video quality is great. Love being able to watch from apps while I cook:	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Aaaaaaaggghhh!  The ""Things to Try"" sayings are sooooooooo annoying.  And they are so stupid and do not pertain to me at all.  ""Alexa, how do you say hello in German?"", ""Alexa, rap for me."", ""Alexa, how hot is the sun?"", ""Alexa, what's the temperature on the North Pole?"", blah, blah, blah.  They constantly scroll overtop of the pictures  and photos that you upload to the home screen and wallpaper, making them really hard to ignore.  And the clock is so small in the upper left corner, that you have to be right on top of it to read it.  I couldn't take it any more and had to return my new Echo Show 8."	1	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"Echo Show Announcements are awful!  There is no way to turn off the ""Now connected to..."" announcement and this is quite annoying.  Enough for me to want to return my Echo Show and get the Google Home.  According to the Forum, this is an issue with many users.  If I have to disconnect my Bluetooth to turn it off, what good is the Echo Show because this also turns off access to my music.  Seriously poorly thought out and executed."	3	October 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was excited to get this my soon to be husband gifted it to me but speaker sound was wavy sound weird so I exchanged it but it also had ame issue so upset bc it looked nice and a huge upgrade from my echo show.	3	June 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like it’s but it’s give me hard time when I call my kids on video call sometimes camera doesn’t work, I can’t make calls, hang up on it’s own while I’m talking and I have to send the announcements so my kids can call me.	3	June 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It was smaller than we thought so the screen is not a big deal. Voice recognition is weak and so it is not a great useful device. It did connect with another Alexa device easily and can work as a timer.	2	March 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Great device.. Only down fall in the midst if covid wish u could do multiple calls at once or connect to messenger	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not sure whats going on but Alexa 8 show doesnt acknowledge Ive given it a request/demand. I often have to yell to ge it to respond. I dont have that issue with any of the echo dots round type work fine. It is much louder than a dot but its frustrating to get Alexa to respond most times. No i'd buy something other than the echo show 8	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Really not impressed with the Echo Show 8.  Functionality seems really limited and for that reason, the ONLY thing we’ve used it for is to play low volume classical music in our kitchen.  That is actually quite lovely, but you definitely don’t need this item if that’s it’s sole purpose.  The voice recognition is terrible and SO ANNOYING I usually just give up.  Wish we bought the Google Max instead.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Very good idea but does not work as well as I hoped for the money. The microphones are horrible, I can be standing 5 feet from the Show facing toward it and say Alexa with no response. Asking Alexa questions is almost useless in most aspects, I hear ""Hmmm, I dont know that one"" more then I get an answer but thats with all Echo products. I ask google for anything I actually need an answer to. The picture quality I receive when on a video call with my friend is very pixelated. We both have fiber optic internet and both of our Echo Shows are within 10 feet of the router with line of sight."	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	One of the things I love about the Echo Show 5 is the ability to display a full clock.  This is not an option with Show 8.  In order to continually display the clock, you need to set up the Do Not Disturb, which will show the clock and turn off the Things to Try.  When playing prime video's, the picture is clear and the sound is good.  Overall, if I had purchased the Echo 8 first instead of the Echo 5, the shortcomings wouldn't have been as obvious.  In all honesty, I prefer the Echo 5, even though it doesn't show video, which is something I usually do on an IPad or TV.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I was pleasantly surprised when I received this and set it up the sound on this device is comparable to the larger one however after the update like many users at random times the bass stops and the music is distorted and tinny. If you do a  Google search for echo show 8 sound problems you will see this is not an isolated issue it’s software bug from the os upgrade	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It does what I expected it to do.	3	October 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s fine, but I fight with it the play specific books from audible, it only plays the latest podcast if you can find the one you want (you can’t pick or go to older episodes), I can’t stream anything from HBO max or any of the other paid subscriptions through a specific network. Basically it sits on my desk and shows me pictures.	3	April 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	To be honest I was extremely disappointed with the product. I thought it would be way more interactive and not so “Dumb”. I have never been able to open more then half of the apps I thought I would be able to. It’s basically just a speaker that shows the lyrics. Can’t do a fraction of what Google products can do. It’s really said to be honest.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I like the screen/display. Nice and vivid easy to look at, but also easy to see the never ending ""Try this with Alexa ad at the bottom. I find it ridiculous that Amazon has this on there without a way to get it off. Also ""Alexa is not so smart. Everyday I ask something and get a ""Huum, I dont know that. I am done with these stupid Alexa devices until Amazon gets the ads off, and these things can begin to answer more questions. For now all these Alexa enabled devices are more like eavesdropping machines more than a help. i.e...To this day I still cant get two or more Dot 3's to play music in a group."	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is a lot bigger than the Show 5, but you can't customize the screen like the Show 5. Clock is literally 1/4 of the screen and can't be enlarged. I got this as a refurb from Woot.com, so kinda stuck with it. All the other stuff works as it's supposed to. Shoulda just got another Show 5.	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	- No date on home screen (been like that from day 1)- No shuffle support for background photos- Integration with Ring is very slow (takes too much time for camera to show) vs the ring app on mobile- Poor / No integration with Google services like Google Photos or YoutubeIt really disappoint me to see that a year after purchase Amazon just doesn't listen to user's complains and disregard very basic features (like the first two mentioned above)	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Very good except for one thing... tried everything but there is no way to keep lyrics on continuously. Have to ask for the lyrics to play on each song. Quite annoying and to me a major design flaw.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I’ve had real problems with Alexa understanding me. I don’t speak with a heavy accent (maybe Alexa thinks I should since I live in Southwestern Virginia). Grew up in Pennsylvania and if any would have a Philly accent. But I think I’m pretty neutral.Also, I put the show in the kitchen because I thought it would be a great assistant for recipes. It’s not bad at this, but I’ve had a hard time getting Alexa to search websites more broadly as Google does. Seems most focused on just a few food websites which limits its ability to find recipes I know exist (and would like to add to my favorites).All together a somewhat disappointing experience.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	First, very annoying to constantly have the “Try xxxxxx” at the bottom of the screen.  Amazon—-Give us the capability to remove that.Supports web browser.  Not all cameras have “skills” so that they can be used.  However, I can access my cameras on the screen using the Silk Browser.  It would be nice if I can tell, in a routine, for Alexa to start the Silk Brower and start on a specific page or shortcut.Some of us want to do things that other people may not care to do.  However, if we can do it manually, or with our voice, then provide a way for us to do that in a routine.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I set up my Echo,and neglected to add my phone number or my daughter's. I do not know how to go back to re-enter this information; plus, I would like to know how to  set up face -time with my family!I am enjoying listening to the news in the am, and music(symphonies) during my day when I relax or make dinner.I also am enjoying the ability to find recipes.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I didn’t like it, because I been having issues connecting to my Wi-Fi there’s nothing wrong with my Wi-Fi. I only got it to work once and not again.I was really disappointed. I still have there’s no use for this	2	March 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Did not like calls going to all devices and no apparent way to transfer call from phone to echo if picked up on phone first and rather noisy with all Alexa devices alerting at same time.Did enjoy slide show of favorite pics.Did enjoy echo to echo calls.  Feels more like face to face conversation than FaceTime because of larger screen 8” echo and better speakers.	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have lots of echo devices. I was disappointed in this one. This thing changes its volume overnight from wherever I set it to very low. I've contacted Amazon, but I got a email back from them saying they don't know how to help me and to call them. The instructions about how to call them don’t work.  So, I'm stuck with a defective device.  I had higher hopes for Amazon	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Really...They make an Echo Show with almost twice the screen size and make the clock smaller than what was on the Echo Show 5. Who is designing these things. The size of the clock was one of the complaints on the show 5, do they listen to people and correct it in a future version, nope let's make it smaller and really irritate people.  I understand the larger screen now makes it possible to watch netflix or hulu on now but face it most people watch that stuff on their TV not an 8"" screen. 99% of the time it will be used as a clock.  You can use the screen magnifier trick but as soon as you use the echo for anything it goes back to the small clock face. A huge letdown to what could have been a nice product. I have no confidence that Amazon will listen to people and make an option available, they never have on any other product they make."	2	July 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It’s pretty cool, we use it on the kitchen counter. The processor is a little slow and I wish it was oled. I don’t really give anything five stars because most things could be better. Worth a buy if you love having something on in the background, we usually have 3-5 screens on. It’s good to learn. Wish the outside wasn’t cloth.	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We have a bunch of them and they all get yelled at because they dont understand simple commands lol.  This is a good device in some situations like ring etc.  But I dont recommend it for your first alexa.	3	June 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Like the updated news and weather reports. Like the sound of the music I play from Amazon Music has plenty of volume and bass .It also shows my Amazon Photos in the background witch is great. What I don't like is that it doesn't seem like it wakes up all the time. About a third of the time when you ask it to do something it just does nothing witch is very frustrating.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	For some time now having problems with Echo Show and has become a permanent issue. Does not respond to commands and it is constantly having issues responding.  For two months now have to re-start to get updated screen details.	2	March 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	From the beginning, I had problems with the pictures being shown.  Apparently there is a program to focus on the center of the picture.  It made the picture center on the Echo 8 unit, with the outer parts blurred.  Not happy with that!! It would only show a select group of pictures; not all of them.  I would request a certain song or group of songs. It would play for a few minutes (maybe 15 -20 min) and then stop. In the end, the unit was returned to Amazon.	3	July 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	There’s no lyrics on button . Displays lyrics for about a minute . You have to keep telling her to show lyrics or you have to keep taping the screen	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sounds great. “Hears” terribly. Worse than any of my dots and I have it in the same spot that previously housed a dot. The screen often shows the wrong song on Spotify and the lack of customization on the screen renders it virtually no improvement over the dot. So much wasted potential here.If I’d had a trial first, I probably wouldn’t have bought it. Not worth the extra money unless maybe you plan to make video calls.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I wanted to love this.  I purposely purchased it to view our Blink cameras, but it won't do it.Whenever we ask to show ""blink"" it keeps trying to connect us to something called blinkist.  It was a complete PITA to try to get it to show the cameras.It's nice looking.  It has good sound quality and it was easy to connect to our existing network, but if it can't understand what we're saying, it's got to go back.  Also, the times I could get it to check the camera, it wouldn't disconnect from the camera, so the camera was ""busy"" all the time.  This just won't work for us."	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Seems like this Echo Show doesn’t listen as well as my original Echo device. Also, I don’t like that the pictures I added scroll by so slowly even after selecting the “fast” setting. Plus, pictures get obscured by text overlays from Alexa. I’m glad that I got it on sale just before Christmas as a means to do video calls with my mom. Otherwise, I’m not that much impressed it.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I think that the wifi hardware failed in the Echo Show. It will no longer connect to the internet. This all started when it was about 9 months old. It's too expensive to be failing like this. I'm going to try and get a replacement. I'll update this review when I find out about a replacement.I do love what the product offers and how I used it in the kitchen and to communicate with the family. If it were dependable, I would give it 5 stars.	2	October 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I expected better.  The video and sound quality is not great. The voice commands don't do so well either. Alexa makes regular mistakes.The touch screen UI is poorly designed and the touch screen is not very responsive.I think this is a pretty subpar product. I don't know how Google compares but I've used other Google Home products and they have worked better overall.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	She never listens, she never searches what I’m actually looking for or understands what I’m saying. She doesn’t know half the artists I listen to. I love the sound quality. I love the YouTube feature as well as the Apple Music feature. I love the screen and the sleek speaker look but other than that this Alexa literally has nothing that you need, and even if you DO need something she won’t even recognize you. I don’t expect technology to be perfect, but for the price you pay, the software/system should be less than subpar.	3	July 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Pros: The sound is great on this device and was easy to set up and sync with my other smart devices.Cons: The main one, and I almost sent it back due to it, is that it is difficult to get your own recipes on this. The main reason I purchased this echo was to have an easy way to pull up my recipes while cooking. The description says you can use the All Recipes skill, however they made it so you can’t sync to your All Recipes account. This makes it a pretty useless skill. I did find that there is a Sous Chef Recipe skill that is fairly basic looking, but easy to use.	3	November 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	had the echo spot and I really liked it as both an Alexa device and a clock and one of the favorite features was multiple clock faces (or photos) to choose from.  The show * which has a much bigger screen doesn't have this feature.  Also, bought it from Amazon for XXX dollars and the very next day they dropped the price by a lot.  Amazon made no effort to fix the price disparity I paid.	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really wish this item had a rechargeable battery and did not always need to be plugged in. I would like the option of moving from room to room without the device turning off and restarting. Other than that the sound quality is great, the voice recognition is great, the screen picture is very crystal clear.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great sounds quality however there have been quite a few bugs when listening to Pandora, it will randomly stop playing and once the app starts again it will only play 1 song before stopping again. After 2-3xs the unit must be unplugged. It would also be a lot more user friendly if they would add apps like in the Google home instead of creating buttons that issue commands. A traditional keyboard would be nice instead of the split keyboard they use; VERY inconvenient	3	October 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It does everything the Echo Dot does but I was hoping it would access more apps from my fire stick. It would be nice if it could access my recast TV and then we could watch pre-recorded shows and television in our kitchen where it’s located. They made it sound like it could access all the apps and everything I read.As it turns out it was only access prime Hulu and photos plus for some reason NBC. Hopefully in the future they will be doing upgrades to this. I got it on Black Friday pricing so I didn’t waste a lot of money and it is good for what it does do, but I was hoping for more	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	We have our echo set to the lowest settings for advertising and other Alexa BS and half of the time (I’ve timed it many time) we will see an advertisement for recipes, jokes, news headlines, shopping. We also get suggestions when we ask Alexa to do stuff like setting a timer or adding to our shopping list. I would love this device if it weren’t for the inability it to be bombarded with stuff we don’t want. When my kids start reading we will put it away because I don’t want my little children reading headlines about murder, spree killings, war, and other things.	1	May 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	When it works it works great… But after a couple of months, doesn’t respond, and cellular customer service is not very helpful.	2	May 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It's not what I wanted. We had a Fire in the kitchen, replaced it with the Echo Show, well it's a no-show. It should have been the Echo Tell! Can't read kindle books, only listen, can't really read the news, only listen. What the what?	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought this show 8 for my daughter and a show 5 for her grandmother so they can call each other. When I went to the contact ( her grandmother) in the Alexa App I clicked allow drop in. It gives an error message ""something went wrong."" I tried to call customer service but the freetime app that keeps my daughter in kid friendly mode blocks the ability to call or drop in even on approved contacts. Can a fix be made so that I can have her in freetime mode with access to her content but able to call contacts I approve? Currently she can call but can no longer be in freetime on that device."	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	After two months of purchase it started having issues with the sound, every time there is a song playing it the sound gets weird like really lower or like if I put my eco inside of a box. I didn’t have any issues at first but now it’s really disappointing, I have to restart it every time I want to play a song or video, I actually need to either return it or exchange it because this is not what I paid for…	2	November 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Amazon's AI is, without a doubt, a moron when compared to Google assistant.  I wish I would have purchased Google's version of this device.  90% of the time, Alexa cannot find the answer I am looking for or brings up a response to my questions that is unrelated.  Amazon needs to go back to the drawing board and figure this out.  Waste of money.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the size of the display even though the unit is bulky given modern technology.  Too many messages on the screen and my photos don’t rotate fast enough.  I like the Ring doorbell integration.  Blink works second best. My Samsung cameras do not.  Purchased on lightning deals, these are good to have.  Stands are needed but overpriced.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"So this was supposed to be a great way to stay in touch especially during quarantine. LOTS of people have posted problems with ""The contact is not available"" and hanging up immediately but the solution on Amazon says things like check your wifi and stuff but never answers the question. This problem occurs when using voice, if you use the touch screen you can make the call. BUT another problem is if you share Amazon Prime with your mom, when your brother tries to call your mom the Show calls ALL devices on the prime membership. Even my 2 Echo Plus and my 2 dots and my mom's Echo Plus and my mom's Show devices. UGH. We may return all 3, or maybe just deal with it. Sad, because as I said I own 5 Echo type devices + the auto one too (I'm a real fan - until I purchased the Show)."	2	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I'm not much of the normal Alexa user. I don't want it for music, I don't shop by voice, I don't really want it listening in at all really. I did want integration into some key smart home devices, primarily my Nanit baby cam and Blink security cameras. Alexa wouldn't find the Nanit initially, and the issue was on the Alexa side for sure - Amazon support was pretty terrible. I did figure it out on my own, and the Nanit Show skill is finally working so I can view my baby cam. Blink integrated smoothly in terms of discovery, but motion when detected doesn't route to Alexa automatically. You have to click into the camera each time, with a pretty long buffering period that sometimes fails. IFTTT integration is even worse, rather than closing the gaps. This will ultimately be a clock/weather display that doubles as a baby cam - was not impressed.	2	October 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sound is amazing but ads are unnecessary.	3	October 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Hard to see the person and not the ceiling. you have to place items to make it tilt  to see the person face instead of there foreheads.  Also picture's not as clear i thought it would be. fuzzy.  I bought 4 of these , so i can see my grandkids clearer than the others. lot of money i spent for the quality we got.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	All is good except for Alex's voice which is hard to understand. Tried adjusting equalizer with very little improvement. All other sounds are fine, except for Alex's voice which sounds muffled and unclear. Wish I could do something to improve Alex's voice. The music she plays sounds fine.  Is there a fix?	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The main advantage for this device is that it doesn't have  a battery, so if you leave it plugged in all the time, which you have to do, you don't have to worry about overcharging the battery like you do in a tablet.  The voice commands can be handy, but they can also be epic failures.  I have audio books by different authors with the same name. I cannot get Alexa to retrieve the title I want. Every time you disconnect blue tooth headphones, Alexa announces it to the world through her speaker. It kind of defeats the purpose if it it was to keep things quiet.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have couple of Show5s and one Show 8. Overall  great package for the price, better (not hi fidelity though) sound than Show5. Couple of negatives based on my usage needs -Show5 has Clock faces that fill the entire screen allowing it it be used as a big Clock at night and able to view it from far. For some reason, these options are not available on Show8I planned to use this device as speakers for my FireTV stick and projector. It pairs well and FireTV streams sound to the device but  drops connection. It has to repaired back after rebooting Show 8 everytime. Which is very frustrating.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Overall, I like the 8, but missing wall paper and clock options is silly (not the first word I choose).  It's a minor annoyance but an annoyance. The show 8 should be a bigger 5, but it isn't.  Probably won't return it but I am certainly wishing that amazon designers would remove their heads from their rectums... or never sell an 8 to someone who owns a 5.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sound quality better on my canister Alexa.  Did not like the screen displaying after command to turn screen off.  It would display again after a few minutes.  I played one song once and the screen continues to display that song and words.  Again, the sound quality is not what so would Expect.  I use it to video with my grandson across the country.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Got the 8 to replace my 5 as I wanted a larger clock for my night stand.  Low and behold, the 8 does not have adjustable clock faces.  They don’t state this anywhere in their marketing.  Think I’ll hook my 5 back up and move this one somewhere else.  Disappointed.  Don’t know why they wouldn’t include this feature.  I hope Amazon will pay attention to the reviews and rectify this with a software update	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My Echo Show speaker stopped working after about a year of owning it.  It is used 1-2 times per week, so not that many uses.  Wish it was a better product but it seems impossible to find help on Amazon.com for this.	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Generally pretty good - but there are two main issues. First, the microphone is WAY too sensitive - which is a big problem if you have multiple Echos. I'll be speaking directly to one Echo, it'll light like it hears me and then not respond, and off in the distance I'll very faintly hear this one talking. It's pretty annoying. I have ESP enabled and it still does this.The other thing is that Amazon keeps showing a list of things to try at the bottom, even though I turned that off in settings. Amazon, I've had your products for years, I know how they work! Please stop telling me useless things.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I previously had just echo dots so this is definitely an upgrade. That said, I loathe the try this, try that... The fact Amazon isn’t allowing it to be turned off is a travesty. Thus the lower rating, simply no reason not to have a choice. The most impressive thing so far is the sound quality, I cranked up my Sirius and Iheartradio and am very pleased with the quality especially the equalizer settings. I have had an issue where it stops responding and required a unplug/re-plug, looking online I see some have had a similar issue, hopefully this won’t continue as it’s a pain to have to do that. Overall, it’s a solid device.	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Half the time I when I look to see what time it is, the screen has shut off. Other times, I'm seeing ads.All this tech and it's TERRIBLE as a clock. ALL I REALLY WANT IS A CLOCK that resets and keeps time by itself.	2	February 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this to use in my fathers room at nursing home. Easily set up the drop in feature on my phone and a couple of family members, but others were never able to successfully connect.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The functionality is good.  It comes in handy when checking cameras around the house.  Alexa answers most trivial questions easily. Get's glitchy sometimes, especially on more technical questions (like 7th-grade homework).  At the end of the day, this is a tool to increase Amazon sales.  I wonder if the google devices are less commercialized.  Overall, it works as advertised and I am pleased to have it in my house.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought my echo show in Dec 2019.  It is now intermenttly having issues which are resolved with turning it on and off.  I can no longer trust it as an alarm clock which is a shame because I enjoyed waking up to the gradual lighting of the room.  It also has trouble understanding some of my commands now.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am giving this only 3 stars because I have set this to cycle through my Amazon pictures on the Home Screen but the almost constant suggestions of things you can ask Alexa that pop up on the screen is irritating and ridiculous and apparently they can’t be turned off. If someone knows of a way please please let me know.	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It was a gift. Hard to find where one needs to set up things....on Echo Show or on Phone app. The sound from it is way too Bass, and comes out of the backside....away from all ears! I miss seeing Green circling ring when a package has arrived like on the Echo Dot. (We have a long ways to go to get package from dirt driveway. Was nice to know “it” was delivered, to get it out of weather.) and she seems slow to respond to questions.I did have fun setting it up to turn on a Rooster Lamp, and have it, Echo Show, crow like a rooster 3 times...in the morning.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Over all good. It will become excellent if Amazon implements following features in next versions....1) Camera is just 1MP it should be at least 8MP or 13MP for better visual quality2) Human recognition while talking, it should should zoom in/out to people when he/she is moving while attending video call.3) Alexa 's voice search capability - most of the time it is giving wrong output for any thing we ask.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have approximately 10 different Echo devices.  My original Echo dot and Echo several years ago were the first two.  They both still work exactly as they did when I purchased them and I was satisfied with the quality of the device compared to the price I purchased them for.  After having a bad experience with the Echo Spot screen flicker that so many other customers have experienced I became more sceptical of the Echo line.  Somehow I convinced myself to purchase a Show 8 and of course, my concerns for product quality were true.  It has been replaced once for the camera failing to turn on when I use the drop-in feature.  The replacement device fails just as much as the previous device.  My advice for any future Echo customers, stay away from the devices with screens.  You will avoid disappointment and likely have a pleasant experience.	2	October 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I still can’t get the contacts from phone onto my echo. I had to set it up with my wife’s prime account which I guess makes it hard to get MY contacts even after calling support. ALSO, instructions were pathetically minimal. I still haven’t found how to do a “face call” with someone. Have to do mega google searches. Amazon, just give us some set up directions!	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"It's pretty cool to see a story and tap on it.  To see art work and the time.  I wish there were ways to bring up play lists and scroll through to pick a song, then click ""songs like this"" and see a playlist.  We have an echo dot in the house.  Sometimes we ask the Show to play something and it comes up on the echo dot in the other room."	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The picture is ok	2	July 10, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this device to use for smart home control since I already have many other echo devices and wanted to keep things familiar for the family. The smart home implementation is barely there. I can't control groups of light, just each bulb individually. I can control color settings for any lights, and I can't have a convenient dashboard for all the devices. Instead I have to swipe constantly back and forth to different screens, and use my voice to change any deeper settings besides on/off. I can already do all of that with my phone, or other echos so it makes this device just useless for that. Also the interface has huge icons and text with no option to change this. It's inconvenient to only have room for 2 and a half buttons on the screen. The phone/tablet app work better than this.	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Great product. Does what I want it to. But the voice recognition on this isn’t as good as my echo or dot. That’s the only disappointing thing about it.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It allowed me to Download a few of the apps but it doesn’t seem to let me connect them. I also can’t add household members to the profile?	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I brought the item to connect to the eufy security door bell system can't get it to connect other than that it work just fine	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Speakers were great when they worked but went bad after a month. Also issues with the mic not working when calling other Echos in the home. I submitted a claim with Amazon and they wanted $15 to send a refurbished replacement device. Otherwise i need to send it in under warranty to be fixed which will leave me with no cameras during that time since it is connected to my home security system. Still in limbo after a few days waiting for an answer as to whether an exception for my claim will be approved. Rep I spoke with was very helpful though and followed up with me a couple of days after submission as promised. He is the reason for the additional star. But still no resolution.	2	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Echo show 5 is way better and smarter than echo show 8. Not really happy about this one. I have to admit Google AI is way better than alexa.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	***UPDATE - the speaker sounds INCREDIBLY static when playing music. I first used the Chat feature to try to resolve it; the Amazon rep advised me to unplug it for a few minutes then plug it back in. It resolved it for a few seconds, but went right back to static after 20-30 seconds. OBVIOUSLY A DEFECTIVE UNIT. I then spoke with a rep who had me reset the factory defaults and reinstall it. Still static. Then the rep could not replace it with a brand new one, WHICH IS WHAT I BOUGHT AND PAID FOR - she could only replace it with a certified refurbished unit.  Don’t know how Amazon makes sense of THAT. Well, if the replacement unit winds up being defective as well, it will go back for good with a refund requested.  Will update this review again***This thing has GREAT resolution and sound.  It would have gotten 5 stars, except for one thing.  On the home screen, it can only display the outside temperature.  Since I have my Amazon Echos linked to my Honeywell wifi thermostat, it should give you the option of displaying the INSIDE TEMP as well as the outside temp ON THE HOME SCREEN.Amazon Echo engineers or programmers, you should make this an option.	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The item is nice, but not a necessity.1. It cannot reply to “good morning “2. Too many ads3. Connection to phone could be better4. Too many commercials	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It is hard to get it to work, and once she starts talking it is tough to get it to stop. Will not play the music when I ask and does not do much of anything else.	2	March 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The main reason I ordered this was to view my Arlo cameras.  Seems I'm not the only one that has conductivity problems.Works sometimes with a bit of messing around, but overall it's not what I was expecting.  If there is a fix for it I would appreciate someone letting me know.  I do like the Alexa stuff though I have all of them,  this one just fell a little short.One more thing, the search engine for alexa has alot to be desired, I wish it were something other then Bing it has a problem finding a lot of things on the web.  Definitely not Google.	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Freezes more often than it should. Alexa does not always respond correctly to requests.	3	September 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Didn't know that everyone you want to call needs to have this device in order to do video calling. Big mistake on my part but hope in time my friends will purchase this so we can video call. I was taken by the hype but if anyone knows different, please get back to me and let me know what to do. I ain't no rocket scientist when it comes to modern devices. LOL!	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This Echo Show 8 was supposed to be a late Christmas gift for myself. I got it today in the mail. Everything looked brand new, as that’s what I selected at Checkout. Not renewed or used. It shows new on the receipt on my orders and on the piece of paper that was in the Amazon box it arrived in. The packaging was not damaged, and there was a protective film over the Show. Everything was intact visually. However, the Echo Show was registered to a different person’s account somehow?? I won’t put their name on this review for their privacy, however, I must admit I was a bit shocked at first as this is not something I expect from a tech giant such as Amazon. Very odd. Nonetheless, Amazon issued a refund, so I’m happy for that. But will still keep my review at 1 star since this shouldn’t happen regardless. Completely unprofessional of Amazon.	1	January 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Bought 3 of the echo show 8, and all of the are having trouble understanding me. Did have these on the other echo shows I have. I think They need a soft wear upgrade, but says there are no upgrade. Other family members bought the echo show 8 too, and having the same problem. Don’t know if they push these devices out for Christmas, or because they were out of stock, and they will worry about the problem later. Was very surprised that even before they were released in November, that they went on sale!  If they continue to have these problems, will return them back to Amazon.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really like this it was an upgrade from the show five. I would have given it a 5 star review if it had the same settings as the show 5 does because there's a few things on it that I dislike that I really enjoyed with the five nothing major but little things like that that I was hoping to have with a bigger screen.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Cannot upload photos from phone to Show 8 through Amazon Photos app or Alexa app. I have power cycled and factory reset the Show. I have logged out/in on phone and tablet, uninstalled/reinstalled app on phone and tablet. I am logged into the same account on all devices.I went to research/troubleshoot issue online and this is a common issue and has been for years. Very annoying.	2	November 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	LIke: sound, screendislike: must to be more intuitive and maybe notify about some devices are on or off, answer this kind of question about what devices are on or off and get notification  (option to notify)	3	June 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I wanted to add this to my main room as a combined clock/calendar view/room thermometer. I expected it to be a lot more customizable than it is. And Alexa replies ‘I don’t know how to do that’ to things that she previously could do.@Amazon, make the Home view more customizable, and add a basic thermometer to tell the room’s temperature	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	For some reason when I play a song or radio station the words to the song no longer appears. I asked Alexa but no reply. Haven’t had this long as all received it for Mother’s Day. Wish I knew how this could be fixed.	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Purchased the 8 for the larger screen to use in the kitchen and be able to stream Hulu while cooking.  Hulu streaming does not work.  I’ve read numerous reviews from others with the same issue. I have a Hulu account and the Alexa will not link it and I’ve read that even though Hulu is advertised as being available it is not.  Disappointed as this was why I purchased.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Gosh. Hard to figure out where to start. We’ve had Echo since it’s infancy with just minor hiccups. Kept the original and got the Show 5. We wanted a larger screen, so we gave the 5 to our son and got the 8. Total dissatisfaction! This thing stops at random, quits showing pictures whenever it feels like it, has a real hard time even understanding the English language,( yes, that setting is right), most of the time it will not pair with our other Echo, increases, decreases volume whenever it likes! The list goes on and on. So, I contact customer support and let the representative listen to her ignore my commands.I say commands because I paid Bezos good money for this chock block. They had me do a factory reset on it, which I already tried, and it was like chocking the other wheel. Amazon has a really hard time admitting that maybe, just maybe, I have a lemon or they launched these things before they were perfected. Either way,Jeff, you have a totally dissatisfied long time Prime customer here that doesn’t believe for a second that this review will mean squat! Peace out people!	1	June 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this to add to my other 4 Alexa products, because they promised to show lyrics & titles.  It’s not true—at least not for Pandora or Sirius XM.  Probably only true for Amazon Music, which I don’t have.  This was not made clear in the advertisement.	3	April 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Works great to control my whole home. No where near as good as the Google home. I use it to control my lights and doorbell but I can’t ask questions like I ask Google. If you want a smart home, this will work. I wish I had gotten the Google nest though	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"After about 30 days Alexa doesn't seem to understand anything. Not even, ""Alexa, Stop"" to stop a timer. Now I just tell her ""shut up"" and she gets it. Weird.And it's not just this device, it's all Alexa devices.Very disappointed with the performance and quality of the voice recognition.Alexa integrates with most 3rd party smart plugs, but sometimes they get ""lost"" and have to be re-added. Can be disappointing if you are counting on Alexa to turn off the lights a certain time for example.Music sounds pretty good for such a small package, but I cannot understand Alexa 90% of the time. I ask her to repeat, but she say I don't know that one. For help, ... yada, yada, yada ... ""shut up!"".When you call Amazon the first time they things like reset the device and if it is still not working they will replace it. Maybe Alexa will work for a short while after a reset, but when you call back they have no interest in replacing a device. Poor customer service. Should I reset all of my Alexa devices everyday??? Nope."	1	July 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I received this item for Christmas and use it daily. I like it for using Amazon music and a few other things. but at this point I don't consider it a primary item that's totally useful for depending on doing daily tasks, it's just handy and helpful at times, at this time in my life. I does not respond to my asking questions the same, from time to time, For instance, I can ask it to repeat a song, and it won't, but the next day I can ask the same question, and it will understand and repeat the song like I asked. ( as per example).	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The inside of the plastic around the box was drenched in some unknown perfume. The box the actual echo show was in was falling apart and the echo show itself smells like the stuff on the box. Thankfully the echo show itself appears undamaged but getting the smell off this thing will take some work.The echo show 8 itself has a great picture and sound and so far does everything i bought it for.	3	September 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Don't waste your money on this. Buy a Google device instead. I don't even have a strong accent but this thing is so frustrating. It doesn't hear me half the time and when I want to play music that doesn't have white or American names it doesn't recognize them either. It is so frustrating. I have a small google home that works a million times better than this trash.	2	November 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Have had it for few weeks now and proud owner of other Echo devices. Love the screen size and sound quality.  Works very well for the most part. Over the last few days, it stops responding via voice even streaming of music does not work until power adapter is unplugged and plugged back in. This has happened a few times and is very annoying hence the low rating. Once this issue is fixed or Amazon addresses it, I will change the rating to 5 stars.	3	July 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I thought it will be as the fire stick.not even youtube app is there, it open amazon silk in order to use youtube.	2	April 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I do not know a lot to rate this product yet.I love the fact that it will play any song I love. I just have to make more time to figure what the echo show does. I am a Senior. I want to watch videos want to download my pictures	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love my Echo Show 5 and use it as a bedside alarm clock.  The display turns dark when I go to bed, and the numbers turn red on the 5.  I got the Echo Show 8 for my son who has vision impairment for his bedside and was disappointed to find out that it doesn't go dark like the 5, the numbers don't turn red.  Yes it does get dimmer, but still too bright for him to tolerate as a bedside alarm clock.  Since this is the primary feature I wanted, I have to say that the Echo Show 8 was a disappointment.	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Cannot hear my friends clearly all the time	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The voice recognition is simply awful. My wife and I enjoy the types of trivia games but its impossible to play when it hears something completely different than what was said or just simply closes out and returns to the home screen.Save your money and wait until they have one that doesn't go rogue all the time.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Like that you can connect to Netflix.  Sound quality very good.  You need to subscribe to music service - like pandora or amazon- in order to get good selection of music.  Would like to be able to get free library book selections and access to google so you would not need to subscribe to subscription apps for books and recipes.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Everything about the Echo Show 8 is better than Gen 1 but the microphone.  I feel like I'm screaming at the Echo Show 8 vs. with the Gen 1 it was almost ""creepy"" how sensitive it was!  I placed the new Echo show 8 in the same exact spot where the Gen 1 lived, so the surrounding environment is the same.  I hope that Amazon is working to somehow adjust the Echo Show 8's microphone sensitivity, it really needs it!"	3	August 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Alexa tips that continue to scroll are way to often. I read the reviews and figured I was techie enough to turn off. I followed the different reviewers suggestions to a T for both the Echo 8 and the Alexa app on my IPhone to not avail. Apple, what is up? Why don’t you do a software update to fix this issue.  Considering returning and getting a Google.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought the echo show 8 because I’ve had the 10 for over a year and love it. I am having a problem with the home content rotation. I only wanted one picture for my background and after about five minutes it freezes and will not advance to any other story. I changed it to Amazon Photos and it does get it to rotate but it takes a long time instead of the six seconds I have it set for. I sent the first one back thinking it was defective but the second device is doing the exact same thing. Is anyone else having this issue?	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have an echo spot and I really like how after you set an alarm Alexa says alarm set for 6:45 am so I know it’s set.... but with the echo show 8 it just shows on the screen and if I can see the screen I’m not sure if it’s set but other wise it’s good	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s great for what it’s used for but if you want to use the video features another person or friend has to have an Alexa with the screen otherwise it’s basically just a regular Alexa but all in all that’s great does everything the speaker does an more but suffice to say I have an echo plus and the sound quality and that is very good compared to the echo show eight	3	November 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My son bought me Alexa for Christmas!  I’m getting used to it and all that it has to offer. I don’t like that I have to always say “Alexa” before everything. Its also limited with accessing some streaming unless you have Amazon account!  Set up is okay but you have to download the Alexa app for more customization. Too overwhelming!	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Gift from one of my kids to use for seeing each other on phone calls. First use, worked well, but had to hand hold the device to get into the camera view. Afterwards, wanted to place the device where the camera view would frame a seating area, but found there is no way, outside of a call, to turn the camera on for siting purpose. A ""Help"" inquiry answer was not relevant. Second call this Sunday resulted in no audio on both ends for three tries. Not a gadget I would buy for myself. Now have four Alexa devices, but what for?"	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"My first impression is poor.  Able to disable some of the unneeded stuff but still have the ""Try, "" this or that nonsense which apparently can't be disabled.  Very little control over what appears on home page such as the clock and weather.  Need to have bigger clock and ability to have 5 day forecast.  Speakers are fair with fair amount of base but are directional firing backwards/  Original design with 360 deg speakers bit better.  Other in use setting up haven't seen much use to display, I WANT MORE CONTROL OVER WHAT IT DISPLAYS BY DEFAULT."	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Works fine but when Alexa speaks it’s hard to understand with too much bass. Sounds muffled	3	August 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Why have a device with a touch screen that can't control all it's functions? And then why have a web browser and a speaker when you can't use both at the same time? That said, the speaker sounds great for the size and price, just don't expect this to be like an android tablet with a speaker.	3	February 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great product for the price. However, i was expecting to be able to move it around from living room to kitchen as needed. But once it is unplugged it doesnt work. I figured it would be like a tablet and be able to be used unplugged. Especially for the functions of showing my cameras it defeats the purpose if i have to get up to go look at the screen. But other than that it is a perfect fit in my home.t	3	August 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	If I wasn't so lazy and it wasn't such a hassle to do returns I'd probably send it back. Alexa seems to not understand English on this one. Causes more frustration than convenience fooooor sure! .... but man the speaker saves it, by far the best speaker out of all the Alexa devices we've had :-/Hey Alexa, get it together will ya!?	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was surprised the music sounds pretty good compared to echo dot.  I'm having trouble playing the podcast I listen to on Amazon music app. Wish you could just share the podcast from your phone to echo, somewhat like how you can do on the fire stick when your watching Netflix.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It worked fine for about 7 months then the screen started going black and voice recognition barely worked. It’s sitting on a table away from other objects and when you call it it doesn’t respond. Sometimes it comes on/responds like someone has called it but it’s quiet in the room! Support doesn’t help either since it’s been so long since I ordered it so basically it works when it wants to and I’m stuck with that. Wouldn’t order again since it was something I hoped would last longer than a few months.	2	September 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	the 8 inch picture is very nice, but it does not seem to integrate well with other echos in the same house, like they fight over responding. Also since it has a display we are a little disappointed that most of the answer are without video. Still its better than FT when it comes to communicating with family and friends.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Positives: I liked how it easily integrated with my Phillips hue hub and lights. Video quality for face to face calls is really good.Negatives: The main thing I have this for is to be able to face to face chat with family members and this device falls flat in that capacity. Either the other end can't hear me or I can't hear the other end. It not the device network either.Would really like to see a software update to correct the issue with this feature and soon. Otherwise, my Google home meets the same informational function this device does.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Liked most of it. Disappointed photos I didnt want on it was on it. Couldn't  delete them and only have photos I wanted.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	If you ask alexa to show something... thats a hassle it's horrible on recognizing words alone never mind different voices. Only thing it's good for is listening to music..  you have to set most of it up with an app on your phone...ummm not worth the $	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is my first echo show, and I love it!  I just wish it came with instructions. I had to search how to do video calling via this echo show and couldn't find one that's easily accessible. After researching, found out that the other party has to have an alexa app or another echo show for the video calling to take place.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It worked fairly well for awhile but lately does respond properly.  It's in my living room but often the one in my kitchen responds even though it's much further away and separated by a wall.  Sometimes she responds incorrectly  while the response doesn't sound similar at all to my query.  I'm constantly having to unplug it to get it to work properly and then will only last a few hours.  I have smart bulbs she does know how to adjust.  Just very disappointed in this version.  Sorry Alexa.I can't leave without mentioning the picture quality is very good and the sound quality isn't to shabby for something so small.	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I’ve encountered a bug with this device that prevents me from using as desired. When Follow-up mode is turned on the device does not read calendar entries correctly. When asking for your “next appointment” or similar command it begins to read the next event and the cuts off after reading a few words. If Follow-up mod is turned off it works reads the calendar events correctly.	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought 2 of these to communicate with elder family member that lives in a different state.  It worked 2x after initial setup.  Now I can hear her but not see her.  She can hear and see  me.  Apparently the video keeps turning off.  Unfortunately she can’t reset or trouble shoot it so I don’t know how I am going to fix it without flying back there.  The biggest problem is that the manufacturer has known about this issue for over a year and continues to sell the units as if there are no problems.  I have sent an inquiry asking for help on this but have not received a response.	2	June 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Worked great for a while. Now it just doesn't hear the questions being asked or doesn't respond to them.	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The shape reminds me of an old analog tv. The Alexa notifications at the bottom of the screen are really bad. It’d be nice if the screen automatically showed the front door ring cam when the doorbell was pressed, or zone that you want to watch, and could cycle through other cams while in standby. It should have the option to display a cam on the home screen at all times! Maybe it’s a skill I haven’t found, but seriously disappointed that integration isn’t there yet, and if it does, why isn’t it really easy to find?  That is the main disappointment in the first 24 hours.	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I realize that I am not very tech savvy but this device is not user friendly, in my opinion.  Plus we got it as a gift so that I can read with a grandchild who lives far away and it seems like I have to do some type of monthly charge in order to get it to work.  Somebody said to find a you tube video of how to set that up which I have not tried yet.  I know I am old school but it sure would be nice to actually have a paper manual that I could use.	3	February 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is our first voice control thing. Overall impressed. We’re still trying to figure out how to really get the best use out of it.I thought it would have more uses with a screen, but it’s not like a tablet.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I really thought I'd be able to view recipes while I cooked in the kitchen Instead of printing them or bring my phone in.I don't seem to to be able to unless there is an Alexa sill listed for it.There is a skill for my nanny cam, but it doesn't seem to work.	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I recently purchased an Echo Show 8 using the trade-in program to recycle some of my old Echo equipment.  The devices that I returned for trade-in were in excellent working condition without any physical damage.  Amazon promised a certain trade-in amount for such equipment but without any good explanation discounted the value of the returned equipment to less than half of the expected value.  The reason given for the discount was ""yes"" which has no meaning.  After appeal, I was able to get the full amount promised by the program but the whole affair raised issues about how the program is being managed."	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Like the video capabilities. Find the almost constant display of irrelevant plugs for videos and who knows what so very annoying! My electronic devices are here to serve me at my pleasure not to bombard me with constant petty visuals. I would not recommend this device for that reason. Remains to be seen if this device will remain in this house.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa doesn’t always recognize the song titles of the most recent artists, sometimes you have to say the musicians name then the songs title. I’ve noticed that it needs to be unplugged and plugged in a few times to reset the device , if Alexa does not respond to your request or play the song .announced by her  that’s being played.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Received this yesterday with the blink camera. Was really excited because the wife has been difficult to convince.  I have spent 3 hours trying to get just the cameras working and the two devices talking to each other.  the blink will work with the phone app only.  it will not connect to the echo at all.  In fact, the echo camera will not display anything either (yes, it is on) not even on the alexa app.  So what I have is a voice recording device to access the internet that supposedly has a camera on it that does not seem to work and one stand-alone camera that only works with a smartphone and not with the amazon device it is sold with.	2	March 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this as a package together with blink cameras. Amazon is really pushing these Blink cameras recently on their website implying that they are just like  ring doorbells, but the truth is this echo show/Blink combination is a big disappointment, they do not support two-way audio as they make you believe on the advertisement. Yes you can ask Alexa to show you the front door or whatever it is that you have named your particular camera, and you can see the picture and hear audio from the other side, but the person on the other end cannot hear you. What use is it to be able to see the person at your door and hear them when they cannot hear you and you cannot communicate with them? I called customer support and they did verify that Alexa echo show devices do not support two-way communication with blink cameras. If you ask your echo show to talk to the front door camera it will respond that this device dies not support that feature. By the way, I bought both, the echo show 5 and the 8, neither one of them can send audio to the blink camera. Now you can use the blink app to talk to the cameras, you just cannot use your echo show to do the same.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I really like the show, but it is hard to navigate through movies. It would be nice if you could cast to it, but you can't. I can't just search for recipes on it, they have to be from amazon. It's a lot less useful than I thought it would be. A google Nest is a bit more useful	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought device as a gift for an elderly parent.  Tried to set up under their amazon account as well as mine,  Neither way was easy, spend hours and hours on chats and calls with Amazon, and still not getting it all set right. It's important to make operation for my parent easy, eliminating or blocking some content, and I wanted to use CareHub.  Echo 8 can't be fully controlled via the IOS app, website, nor the device itself so if a parent has trouble or accesses something we don't want (shopping or other apps charging them for things they don't mean to purchase) there is little help a distant relative can offer.  Not enough remote settings.  Even getting contacts set up and added to their favorites to make calling easy for them is very difficult.	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"It often just thinks when you ask Alexa to do something. After saying a command it will continue to ""listen"" until it cancels the request."	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am Comparing the Echo 8  to the old Echo 7 from years ago...which has a clear bright picture with the correct colors. I can't believe that the new improved Echo 8 is so inferior.  The whites look yellow.  Ridiculous. did you Notice that they do not ask you to rate the picture. I'm thinking of returning it even though it will be a huge hassle for me.	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Me encantó puedo mirar Facebook YouTube Google muchísimas cosas me encantó compré tres una para mí y dos para el regalo y estoy por pedir otra para mandarla a México yo pago aquí y ellos reciben allá muy buen servicio	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	First, why would they put the speakers in the back of the unit!!!??Second, just received and installed my new Echo show and it won't follow the routine I had setup with my dot and Echo show 7.Tech support has been trying to get it to work from factory reboot to removing my routine and recreating it. And now trying to force an update that isn't showing is available.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love the size and volume ...however Alexa does not understand what you ask her a lot of the time you need to repeat yourself often and get told I don’t know that one.. I wish it pulled up more content when asked a question but it’s a good purchase	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed in this device. I wanted a clock for my bedroom that I could also play music and get the weather, news etc... the sound is great when it works. I’ve had it 2 days and already had to contact support 2 times with the same complaint.  Alexa does not reply to my commands and when she does it loops and stops... I’ve tried unplugging the device and it works for a while but stops again. It’s so frustrating when you are listening to a great inspiring story and then you can’t hear the ending. I’m probably going to return the device.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Somehow my daughter's Echo Show and mine got integrated.  When I tell Alexa to call my phone, it brings up my granddaughter's name, daughter's name and grandson.  They don't even live with me and I can't find how to fix this.  Otherwise, sound quality is good and love the lyrics on the screen when playing music!	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Display is good, once you set it to your preference.  Sound quality is somewhat disappointing, not much better than the Echo Show 5, and inferior to my standard Echo from 2016. But, the major problem is the faulty software which lets the unit start talking without a prompt, or worse, blaring the alarm at 5:00am, as it did this Sunday morning while it was in the living room, where it has always been. The alarm had never been set to go on at any time, and I went to the settings to confirm that. This, of course, is a deal breaker if it cannot be fixed. I already returned a Show 5 for turning on in the middle of the night with music blasting. It seems that this whole product line may not be ready for prime time.	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Its nice the picture is great the only negative thing i can say is its alittle slow on maneuvering thru apps but other then that it's great	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I received mine today. I am pleased with the display, the sound, display and other things. But the thing I don't like is there in no way you can not turn off the ""Try Alexa, to do this or thing like that. I also have the Show 5 ant the firmware in it is much better then the Show  8. I am thinking about returning my 8 and get another 5 for this reason .  I have seem many reviews complainning about this issue. Get your engineers busy to fix the firmware and soon. It will increase sales to the Show 8 over the 5."	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	If I want reliable answers to my questions and often times any answer at all, I have to ask Google.  Alexia devices are so frustrating but the Echo Show 8 does have some redeeming qualities or I would have given it 1 star due to their utter stupidity.  I would never recommend Alexa to anyone.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Our Echo Show was a gift.  We enjoy music and recipes.  We don't have any devices that it can control and we don't know anyone else with an Echo Show so video phone calls don't come into play.  The only thing it does that our Echo Dot doesn't do is show us recipes.  We stream to our smart tv so we won't  be watching movies on it either.	3	September 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Nice looking, decent sound, like the camera cover.  Mediocre rating because I was expecting more.  For example to have the ring automatically show me the camera when motion is detected at any of the doors.  Needs software upgrades to live up to it’s potential to really show things.  Like live weather radar...  on demand.  I can listen to what the weather is just as easily as I can read and listen what the weather is.  Just a couple of examples of not a great product yet but could be.	3	March 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The only good thing about this device is the screen for searching videos, with that being said this was hands down the worst Echo product I’ve owned.The main problem I had with the device was it would constantly stop playing music in the middle of a song or if it was connected to my group it would pick and choose which songs it decided it wanted to play while my other devices (Echo 2nd and 3rd generation and Dot) continue to play music. This device must have been programmed by an angry wife because the “Alexa” on this device does not listen to a word you say or at least my device didn’t, I get the chime at the start of my request “Alexa volume X....OK” or sometimes she won’t even acknowledge my request. The sound quality was great and I like the camera for checking  on my dogs while I’m out. Over all I was not impressed and decided to return for the Echo studio.	2	April 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This echo show has an excellent sound quality, very powerful. However I expected a better graphical interaction to be more easy and more compatible with other platforms such as Android. It does no not has Youtube App for example, you will need to access through its web browser and the buttons are pretty small and difficult to press.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love the idea but my unit is flawed. It doesn’t respond well or at all. It does not allow me to turn the volume down with my voice.  It tells me it can’t do that and I need to exit and try again, which of course defeats the purpose.Then I try to exit and it continues to play whatever is on.I ask it to play news and it either says it can’t do that or it plays music. I ask it to play music and it plays the news.Very disappointing. I am returning it but hoped for an exchange. But they’re out of stock so I have to order a new one next month. Hopefully I will get to pay the same discounted price I paid for the flawed unit.	2	December 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I purchased this for my father. He has a prime account but is in a nursing home and no longer has a cell phone (or number) so I cannot get this set up as I have my own devices linked to my phone. I shouldn't have to buy a ""burner phone"" for this setup. Amazon really needs to review their process for associating the device with the prime account and NOT the phone.I have had it since prior to Christmas and have not received the support I need to make this work.I was going to upgrade him to the new 10""' but I assume that has the same problem.I have tried a google voice number but it won't allow that because it is not technically a cell phone number."	2	January 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The controls and integration of the Echo 8 aren't what I thought they'd be, nor is the functionality. Pausing a video eventually causes it to go back to the home screen and lose the place of your video, even if it's only for a few minutes of pause time. Haven't been able to integrate my Spotify account with it.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really like this machine... with two MAJOR exceptions. The voice recognition is absolutely terrible. They can pack 8 microphone into the small echo dot, but for some dumb reason,  they only put 1 in this giant brick! It makes for an extremely frustrating experience when you are 2 feet away from it and it doesn't pick up your voice, but my regular echo in the next room does. The second thing is video streaming. The Netflix interface is great,  but the prime video interface is ridiculous. There's is no way to search for shows. What you can watch is limited to their recommendations. The screen is nice to have,  but I'm not sure it's worth it with the other issues.	2	April 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like the screen size and the pixilation is great. I do however have a challenge with voice recognition. It seems to not get what I am saying or gets it and then says there is an error with my request. But the request was actually completed 70% of the time. I had the smaller Alexa Show in the same spot where this o. e is currently, and I never had those issues.	3	September 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Don't get me wrong. I like it. I don't like that you have to pay extra for many of the things you want it to do. It does come in handy with things. Like turning it into a radio or sleep machine. But it all comes with a price. Luckily I bought the 3 pack at Xmas time and got a great deal. The dot, echo and plug. My dog still thinks there is something wrong with me when he sees me talking to a machine. Lol I have more fun busting up my dog with it then anything else. Lol	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My gripes are more with the (in)accuracy of Alexa's voice recognition.Also I have several of these devices, and sometimes the wrong device picks up my voice commands, or worse, multiple devices pick up the voice commands and interpret them differently.The sound quality is so-so. Much worse than a Bose 500 or a Klipsch TheThree (my two powered speakers).	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this October 2020. It was working great until a few weeks ago. I noticed the time/date/temp would no longer display. I would tap the screen and it would come up but only for a second and then it would go dark again. Also when I'm able to play Spotify it gets glitchy. Sounds would cut in and out or it will just stop playing. Unplugging it and plugging it back in seems to fix it temporarily, but I shouldn't have to deal with this after having it for less than a year. I've had my Google hub for over a year with zero issues.	2	August 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Bought for our son in law...sent it back.	3	September 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I loved my Echo Show 8.  Alexa worked great,  Sound and video were excellent for such a small device. Only problem was that I needed to watch movies without disturbing others & neither I nor theamazon tech people could get sound to play thru 2 sets of Echo Buds. I gave up and returned both,	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Es importante diseñar estos productos para que sean portables, ejemplo de ello es que si lo tienes en la sala y quieres escuchar una receta en la cocina debes de apagarlo y luego volverlo a conectarlo en la cocina.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It basically is an over priced echo dot.  I spend more time trying to say instructions in the right way that it will understand what I need that it just makes more sense for me to look it up myself on the computer.  It has tons of skills but do not understand what most of them do because just gives vague descriptions.  I will keep because I like the alarm clock and to listen to music but will stick to the cheaper dots until it is capable expanding on what you are asking of it.	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s not much different than the regular Alexa and honestly i forget to use the video feature within the house.  The video call feature to a friend or family is a bit difficult to figure out so i made many calls to Amazon which was frustrating	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	i have an abode alarm and it worked perfectly with my echo spot. when i saw echo show 8, i like the bigger screen compared to my echo spot. however, i realized that the routines i have set up with my abode and echo spot does not work anymore with my echo show 8. i plugged back my echo spot to verify my routines and still worked with my echo spot but not with my echo show 8. i chose my routines to broadcast in echo show 8 but still did not worked. i hope amazon will do an update to correct this.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Well it was nice while it lasted, I got a solid eight months out of it before it started constantly fritzing out, losing Internet connection, just quits listening to me. I think it’s going to be on to Google after this	2	February 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"The Show 8 lacks customization options that the Show 5 apparently has.  You can change the background and what data scrolls through, but the size of the time, the temp and showing today's date at all are not options.  You also constantly get Alexa suggestions.  Many tips on customization seem to be for other devices as there is no ""Home and Clock"" setting on the Show 8.  The only clock setting is 24 HR.  My mistake for thinking the 8 and the 5 had similar features, but the Show 8 options seem very lacking for any device with a screen.  But then the misleading tips on using the Show 8 didn't help that misunderstanding.The frustrating thing is that the Show 8 is almost a very good product. It just lacks basic customization which takes away from its other features.  If it had the UI of the Show 5, likely this would be a 5 star review.  As it is, the Show 8 screen just doesn't give much value add."	2	December 21, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	If you just want it to make calls to other people with the same product it works fine. However it would’ve been better if we could search for recipes or how to videos but we can. It seems more geared towards children as there are Childrens games for them to play.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Me gusta que es un buen asistente de voz, muy mal que el Skill de Apple Music para Colombia no funcione, lastima que no haya Skill de YouTube, y si lo piensas comprar como parlante no te loRecomiendo, su sonido es bastante malo.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The echo it’s great, but the Amazon buying experience was disappointing. The echo arrived after 3 weeks with a screen that didn’t work. Amazon agreed to send me a new one. Great! 1.5 weeks later the new one arrives . Problem is it’s  refurbished. I ordered a new product and ended up with a refurbished echo after a month of waiting.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	HARD TO PROGRAM WITHOUT INSTRUCTIONS	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	First, I am a big fan of the echo and echo show products. I have many of them and have been quite satisfied overall.The echo show 8 is essentially a smaller echo show, not a larger echo show 5. I was really looking for the ability to only show a clock at night, like the echo show 5, but the echo show 8 doesn’t have or allow that ability. It’s too bad, I was hoping this would serve as a larger “clock” for our bedroom. Instead it’s an echo show with ‘things to try’ steaming across the bottom of the screen all the time.	3	December 8, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	The product only lasted a year.  It stopped working out of the blue. For the price you would expect this to last longer than a year. I like the convenience of using this, made my life easier when it did work. Have to rate it low for the poor quality.	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Good unit for overall, however could use a software update to address customer wanted features such as Display Day and Date on Home Screen. Unit also gets stuck playing music on Amazon music intermittently, I have to unplug unit to get it working again I also  have several Amazon Dots that do not have issues with music..could also be software? Just my two cents.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa can play music from your music collection.  Yes, but only if you bought the music from Amazon.  If your digital music collection contains music purchased elsewhere, Alexa won't play it.  Amazon says that's for security reasons.  So the policy is not to force you to buy all your music from Amazon.  (Apple does essentially the same thing with its devices.)Alexa can read your calendar, email and contacts.  Yes, but only if you pay extra to access your mailbox if is on a Microsoft Exchange server, which is the most common mail server in the world.  Amazon says that's because Exchange servers are used by business.  Yes, businesses do use Exchange mail servers.  But lot of private users like me also use mailboxes on Exchange servers.Amazon, like other companies that sell both hardware and services, appears to be moving toward a business model where the hardware it sells will be increasingly limited to exclude commercial activity with any firm that competes with Amazon.	2	January 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I have two teenagers and got one for each for Christmas. I have been a Prime member for years and want the kids to be able to use the Echo Show with the Prime video, music, etc. using the Amazon Household accounts I set up for them. This seems to me to be a very straightforward capability for families that have Prime accounts. Unfortunately, the only option is to set the Echo Show up with my account (or my husband's linked Household account). I'm very disappointed at the lack of flexibility and support for families who pay for Prime memberships. Other thoughts on the device - the constant ads are very annoying. No, Alexa, I don't want to ""Try"" any of that stuff! I just want to be able to have weather, photos, communication features, etc."	2	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I am disappointed that I pay for music to play on my echo dot. And when setting up the show it is wanted me to pay for music so I can play songs downstairs but not upstairs you would think it would all connect together it’s not like I’m using both devices at the same time	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	While I was looking forward to a bigger screen to be seen further away, I was disappointed in a few things in comparison to the Echo Show 5.  It does have a bigger screen, however, the clock face is not as customizable as the 5.  Also, most of the time while on the home screen only shows the time, appearing to have no option to show the weather and date all the time such as the Show 5 does.  The sound is the same as the 5, the screen is bigger, but otherwise disappointed in the features of the Echo Show 8.	3	November 28, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I have the Echo 5 and love it, so I bought the Echo 8 as an upgrade.  I hate the 8.  The clock face is not customizable so I cant read the time unless I walk up close to it.  The pictures they have programed in are awful, and if I add my own pictures they obliterate the clock so it’s hard to read.I have been using this to watch Amazon Prime Videos.  That interface is less than adequate as there is no way to search videos through the device, and I cant change seasons of a show I am watching.  Also when I pause a video for a few minutes, I come back only to find it’s stopped whatever I was watching and gone back to the main screen.  Then I have to navigate back into Netflix or Amazon videos, find the video again and go back into it.I love the sound and display.  But the small clock face is having me return this hunk of plastic.  I’m going to keep my echo 5 so I can read the time.	1	May 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I got this product as a gift for Christmas 2020. It's been 3 months and I can say that it's been a great way to have our kids call/see grandma whenever they want :) However, I have been noticing 2 negatives compared to my Echo Dot:1. Echo Show is not good at recognizing commands. I repeat my commands often.2. Echo Show limits the music I can play without getting unlimited access (eg. when I ask Echo Dot ""Play live-action Aladin soundtrack"" it recognizes and begins playing, however, the Echo Show tells me that I need to purchase a subscription.I only know these two issues exist because I have both products and use them both every day."	2	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"So I read the comments before I purchased it stating that the ""Try, Alexa ...."" messages can't be removed from the screen.  Honestly I thought that was wrong.  But nope you really can't remove these messages.  They are on the bottom of every screen.  It is unbelievably annoying.  You think you should get use to it but you don't.There are complaints all over the web about this yet Amazon has done nothing.  Amazon if you read these messages let me give you a tip.  These messages don't make me more likely to use services they make me less likely.  I don't read the messages, I try to ignore them.Since Amazon is disregarding the input from users, the only option is to not buy the device and return the ones bought for a refund until Amazon adds the ability to turn these messages off.  Nobody buys a screen to be forced to watch ads.  Amazon if these messages truly added value then customers will leave them enabled on their screen.  The fact that you don't provide an option to turn them off indicates you realize they don't add value.I'm returning mine I suggest everyone simply think twice before you purchase one.  It truly is frustrating beyond belief that there is no way to disable these messages from the home screen."	1	December 13, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Satisfied with product. I hope to use it more.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Not impressed with search functionality.  Often comes back with ""I don't know anything about that"" or wil give a web search result for the wrong thing.  Screen is beautiful and sound quality is so so."	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is my second echo show. This model doesnt seem as solid as the first generation model. I dislike that the stand comes separately priced. The angle that it sits is not great and a built in adjustable stand would be ideal.I have only had this unit about a month and have had to reboot it twice because the sound quit working for no apparent reason.I am worried that the life span on this is not going to be good. If you get one, be sure to keep your warranty paperwork handy.	3	March 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I was expecting something more like the tablet where I could add apps. It doesn't appear that I can add Disney+ or any other apps, only what was pre-loaded. Seems strange that it doesn't have the same functionality. And of course, the ""Try Alexa"" is soooo annoying."	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I use my Alexa in my bedroom for my morning routine (alarm, weather, ect). I was using the speaker previously which I liked alot and decided to get the show to ENHANCE my routine and move the speaker to the living room. The problem is my Show doesn't say what time it is or the weather. Make my routine harder actually because I have to stop what I'm doing to read a screen. Long story short my speaker was doing a better job assisting me in the morning than the show because it read the results back to me.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought purely to be a wireless monitor for my Lorex Security System. Only one camera can be viewed at a time and over time the resolution goes to trash and it becomes unviewable, having to reload the camera. Low resolution as well. Bringing up a camera to view also changes the view on my main monitor.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Product has excellent picture resolution and voice quality.  Unfortunately, I don't have a need for much of its capability.  Was hoping it could tap into my documents allowing me to retrieve recipes.  I like the link to the Food Network and access to several news sources.  Also use it to control devices within my home.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I liked most of the device. Most was going well... alexa voice was clear and crisp, the screen was pretty good.It was a bit frustrating that some things i couldnt manage in the device but had to use the app.But then.... i asked it to play music and the clear, crisp sound turned into a muffled, shifting balance that would oddly raise and lower volume.Quite disappointed as listening to music is something i frequently used my prior echo for.	3	June 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	So far so good.  However I know there is probably a lot more that the Echo can do.  I looked on Amazon and there is a book you can buy that explains more about the Echo.  I would think that would come with it, or at the least a better instruction manual.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love the echo products.  Unfortunately there are still some issues with echo (no pun intended) for voice calls (cancel call and restart fixes it).Also, there is some strangeness when my phone is near the device when making an Alexa call with another person and it causes a feedback loop. This is concerning as my phone is not even using the Alexa app at the time and I have no idea why it would cause feedback as it shouldn’t have anything to do with the call.  Very strange and concerning.	3	March 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"This is a very nice to have item in the kitchen, but it begs to be used in more nuanced ways... At the moment there are too many limitations with the software when you want to do something but the screen says ""that functionality is not supported on this device"".Really enjoy it when it does what you want when you want it, but the software is dumbed down a bit too much."	3	August 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We were really looking forward to using this for recipes in the kitchen. However, the inability to utilize an ad blocker on the browser makes recipe sites nearly impossible. The pop-ups, auto-play videos and other ad shenanigans have the recipe constantly moving around as it adjusts.Otherwise, the voice recognition and sound quality are great.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It came in a timely manner when I ordered on prime day, but the camera on it was not working so they set me up with a replacement and have to wait almost a month for the replacement. Voice recognition is great, the sound quality is awesome but I connected to my home system so it sounds even better. 5 stars once I get the replacement.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I got this because the echo show 5 was too small.  I'm very near sighted and wanted a larger display to see the clock at night.  Well, the clock function at night is tiny, taking up 1/4 of the screen.  I can't see that.  And there's not settings similar to the echo show 5 to change it.  So disappointed.  Hanging on to it in the hopes that they'll update it.  Alexa works fine, and sound is pretty good, just so upset about the clock settings, or lack thereof.	3	February 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Edit: Though I do enjoy this device still, I have come to realize two cons. One a big deal, the other not.1. It must have a cheap processor, is it a little laggy. Nothing major.2. When trying to use then""drop in"" feature, and calling people, others cannot hear me at all, or have great difficulty hearing me. This is very, very, very frustrating.Great device! I keep it in the kitchen, where it is used from everything to playing music/videos while we fiddle around doing kitchen things, to looking up recipes and making shopping lists. In"	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love the Echo Show for video chatting and getting our favorite classical music station.The down side is every  time I us my iPhone it interrupts Alexa.  When I check my email on the computer it interrupts Alexa.  Have tried changing various features on the APP on my iPhone, but nothing makes it better.  Very distracting and frustrating that we haven't figured out how to not have this happen.  When we do, the rating will be better!	3	June 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have both the Echo 8 and Echo 10. Really like them except, the speakers are not got. Bass vibrates and sounds as if there’s a short in the speaker or either the speaker is damaged. Not sure why this hasn’t been fixed with all the good, small speakers around.  Bass is terrible!!	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have a 5 and 8, and you do not have the same control over the 8's clock as the 5's and I am stuck with boring stuff.  Also, if someone clicks on show photos, it jumps them to my whole photo library.  I was never asked if I wanted to restrict that or not.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Sounds quality is decent, however microphone sensitivity is worse than any Echo I own. The biggest issue I have is that the Show really needs more features to justify its existence. As it is, the screen (which is nice) is not fully used and doesn't have many compelling features. No YouTube, no Netflix, no apps or widgets, no smart home control panel, etc.	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The video call function is great when it’s working and for short calls. Prolonged conversations tend to freeze. Good to call grandma on(don’t expect her to call you though).Voice recognition is about as good as any Alexa. It’s manageable if you use simple names and commands in a patient tone within 5 ft. Don’t expect star trek, its not there.Music is great. Sound coming out is clear and easily fills up my space.I dont take advantage of most videos because you have to use Vevo and it just doesn’t have the content.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was gifted recently with an echo show and to date have not been able to use it for the purpose intended.  It tells me to download the Alexa App.  There is no link to it so where do I find it?  Further I have an LG Smart Phone and cannot find the App on it.  If you are going to sell a product to complete certain tasks send step by step instructions on how to use it.  I wish to see and speak with my Grand Child who has a sister unit.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have had this for a year and it has started to talk when I’m not asking it questions, I powered it off and it suddenly started to start giving me the news for half an hour. When it stopped giving me the news it started to play music. I kept asking it to stop she would pause when I would say her name so she heard me. However she continued to play music. I pulled the plug on it. This morning 12-01-21 it suddenly started to talk through my tv sound bar, something that Alexa never connected to when I had it installed. It always said it could not find it. Suddenly it started to talk to me through it. Short of being diabolical I don’t know what else there is to say about this contraption. But at your own risk. I have a warranty on this thing, but wouldn’t you know it that suddenly Amazon has not been able to call us today. SMH!	1	December 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The design of how the electrical cord plugs in is dumb. It sticks straight out the back of the device over an inch, meaning you can't slide the Echo Show all the way back against a wall. Annoying and thoughtless design.So now I go through the setup - because the device wasn't already associated with my account like I selected when ordering - and when I get done, suddenly the language is set to Deutsch.	3	June 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The alarm app on these Echo shows is pure garbage.Amazon really just needs to look at any Android phone made in the last 10 years or so if they need help figuring it out.No enable/disable of different alarms. No skipping, different alarm sounds per alarm, etc. It's just rubbish.I don't always want to talk (or even whisper) to Alexa at night when my wife is sleeping and I rarely go to bed or get up at the same time (work) and need to alter my alarms.Needs work.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Both music and movies sounded muffled. Sound quality is average at best. I have 2 echo shows and can't get them to show their own set of pictures independent of one another. Picture quality is really good, but I wish there were more video apps available, like Disney+ or Movies Anywhere, etc.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I got this in October 2020, and for the last month the screen goes black 95% of the time. This is incredibly frustrating, and no, nothing is wrong with my settings.	3	June 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the size of the Echo Show eight. The display is spectacular. I had to purchase a 360 degree swivel stand for it and I felt it should have come with one because that was another $30. I also bought it along with several family members because we thought we could do group video calls and it seemed easier for the elders of our family to use. It does not do group calls but Amazon says they are working on that feature. It is easy to link my Ring alarm camera & my music, movie & audible subscriptions to it. Should have gotten the Facebook Portal instead for group calls so I wouldn’t have to wait for this feature to be integrate for the Echo Show & who knows if it ever will.	2	December 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like the larger screen but the clock is smaller than the 5. Also, it often does not correctly understand what is being requested, so I have to yell. The Echo 5 does not have this issue.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality and touch screen display are GREAT but she doesnt seem to integrate with the other Alexa systems or know what we are asking as well as the other ones do. Sometimes we will ask her to play something (with no other direction so she plays it on this device) and she plays it on a random Alexa somewhere else in the house and sometimes she gets in a phase where she doesn't do that at all then will go back to it. Super weird, probably software related, still worth purchasing	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	me ha sido dificil configurar, no se como poner mis fotos, que no me este mandando mensajes que no deseo recibirno se me hace amigable, para gentes que no somos expertos	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I love the recipe site and that all you have to ask for is what you are looking for.  Many times she 'does not know that answer' which is frustrating.  The sound is like the speaker may be blown.  Cracks.  The picture is good.  I have a 10"" also."	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The design is nice, but I found that the microphones on it don't always hear us very well. A good sample is in our kitchen, 80 percent of the time we have to walked right up to it or we have to speak a lot louder or repeat ourselves . As much as I like the design we find using it frustrating at times due to its mic issues.	3	August 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was really really annoyed when my product shipped and I got an email saying my Food Network subscription had begun. I bought it as a Christmas present and thought you'd have to register to get the subscription to start! But no....it was either give the gift EARLY or give a gift of TEN MONTHS of Food Network. :(	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I love seeing my photos on this thing, but past that, I find it rather frustrating for two reasons:1. The mics aren’t anywhere near as accurate or sensitive as my other Alexa devices (of all generations). It’s so bad that I’ll speak to this from 5 feet away, and the Alexa in another room 50 feet away will get a clearer read on my voice and respond! I’m guessing the mics aren’t well placed, or there aren’t enough of them.2. After answering a question, half the time she immediately and automatically starts listening again. None of my other Alexa devices do this.Overall, I’d say I got what I paid for. It was super on sale during Black Friday.	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It acts like a phone using face time but sound quality isn’t good. The camera is one megapixel which is behind most phones in quality. If you already have an Alexa device, this is duplicative.  Why spend the money on this product?  I received as a gift in case you are wondering.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I think this is a fun product but it does have bugs. You can obviously link your Amazon Prime Video account. You can link your Hulu account. But if you try the NBC skill or any other skill that you have to link your DirecTV account, it will take you through the paces and then give you an error after you try like ""HTTP method GET is not supported on this URL."" Customer Service is a waste of time. So that is that."	3	May 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I'm still new to this but I am amazed at how helpful my Echo 8 is. This was a Christmas gift from my sister who lives in another state so it is nice to video chat with her. I am still learning new things about what my Echo 8 can provide.  😊	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	There are glitches in the Echo line.  Sometimes Echo stops when playing daily news or music. Sometimes when this happens Alex will say,”sorry I’m having trouble.” Had same issues with Echo 5.  Something is wrong with Echo.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s a good device for music but that’s about it. The camera quality is so poor compared to my iPad or the Facebook portal. Also I had an issue with the return but you can’t contact a person or even find an email for help only a chat bot which is not real. They need to improve ways to get customer service on this site. I’m afraid I won’t get my money back even after sending it back and it was not cheap	3	May 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The most useless gift my children have ever bought me. They know I’m not tech savvy and with Parkinson’s Disease, a touch screen is useless. It picks up ANYTHING with Bluetooth, my laptop, my phone, you name it, the neighbors ALL know what and who I’m talking to! I’m on a 30 trial but will cancel ALL AMAZON accounts. You get this Gizmo, but each feature cost $ every month. I can’t imagine putting this thing in a bedroom! If it’s a clock, why not let it be large enough to read from a distance? If I ask Alexa to play a song, it can’t understand American English, plays the wrong song, then you can’t get the thing to stop — unless I unplug it. It will go back in the box to collect dust. Just as bad as a Nixplay picture frame that circulated the same five photos! Who needs a plug in picture frame? Why do I need Alexa to tell me what music I should play while cooking? What’s next? Music to take a shower with? Please, no more Star Trek gizmos to confuse and sell subscriptions to things I already can do. I have a camera. I have a phone. I have a stereo. I have a photo album. I can use them all at once, not so with this Echo 8 piece of China’s best export!	1	May 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Great screen, integrated with my Alexa home system, good sound.But cutesy! keeps on trying to get me to get weather in a foreign land or recite something cute. Great for asking definitions -- in fact anything you ask it that it can't do, it ""defines"". Try ""show browser"" - you'll get ""what is a browser"".It seems to keep selling its pet products. I wanted a recipe for a Pillsbury product and it kept giving me either stuff from ""All Recipes"" or ""Food network"".Actually it is what it says -- an Echo with a screen."	3	December 22, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	So I bought this for my 79 y/o father who isn't very tech savvy. There needs to be a way to lock everything down except for the picture studio and calling feature. All of the other items really confused him.With that being said for me it works really well and love having it in the kitchen for recipes an meal prep!	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the display plus all the things Alexa can do, although getting it to integrate with my echo and echo dot? Impossible. Despite what we do (following instructions) it will not work with my ring doorbell. Went with ring because its supposed to work with Alexa but it just won't.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I feel like it is listening to me all the time. I use it for a radio . Sort of creepy	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Absolutely bizarre for managing photos it sucks up and are extremely difficult to get permanently deleted and not continuously duplicated.  Far East “help desk” doesn’t really understand English and ignores questions that are not printed on their FAQ . Extremely frustrating.	2	January 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It's not as easy to use as I would have thought. It is very hard to get the same results as if you were using another alexa device. I seem to have better luck with the Tap. Sound is great. It can't play Netflix. I'm sure as I explore more of the features I will come to like it more. I don't find the screen as touch responsive as other devices.	3	July 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is my second Show.  It stops in the middle of a song quite often.  My other one does not.  I've had to reboot it often.  I seldom reboot the first one I bought.	2	February 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Loved this for the first 10 months but now it no longer connects to audible and won’t read my books. It shows them but can’t read them. Amazon sent me a replacement but this one does the same thing. So finally after much frustration I cancelled my audible account. My echo dots work great though. So it’s not WiFi related as blamed.	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this unit because I wanted to connect it to my arlo camera system but unfortunately, it does not consistently open the camera when prompted. Also, I set reminders on Alexa to alert on all my AlexaDevices at a given time but for some reason doesn’t always alert on this particular device. Otherwise, I use it to play music and haven’t really had any issues with that feature.	3	August 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I’m really not sure all she does I find her limiting at this time I have her hooked up to the doorbell ring and I’m not sure I’m getting all the uses there either I haven’t had much time to learn it yet	3	April 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I would have given this a 5-star rating because it is a great product, but why would Amazon sell a great player without a base.  You can get by without a base, but it is not very stable. The base cost another $25 dollars but is really needed. Is this a ploy to make an extra $ dollar?	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Sound quality on this leaves a LOT to be desired.  No matter how I set the equalizer, the sound was either muddy or tinny.  I have two other Show 8's and while the sound on them isn't all that great, it's better than the one I returned.  My Echo 2nd Gen has a much fuller audio quality.  As a side note, the advertising on the bottom is distracting at times, but not a deal breaker.	3	May 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I think this product should come with a stand because the camera is not angled properly. With the help of the stand, we should be able to tilt it up/down based on the need. Shouldn't have to buy the stand separately as it increases the cost of the whole unit.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought the show 8 because I have a show that I love. I really enjoy having the larger screen and the show 8 has much better sound. During the initial setup I was very disappointed when I realized that the show 8 dose not allow you to have a customizable clock screen. Why would Amazon not carryover this great feature from the show 5. I considered sending the show 8 back because of this shortcoming. I was looking forward to having a large analog clock on the screen of the show 8. PLEASE FIX THIS AMAZON!!!	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Some struggle teaching new commands with different wording.  Very specific in what she can understand.  Great screen.  Cannot shuffle with Apple Music and that is very annoying.  End up listen to the start of the playlist every time.  Some struggle connecting with other Alexa/echo products.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We have used this device for many things: YouTube; Netflix; pulling up recipes; listening to news stories; playing games; photo viewing; smart home stuff; and it has been incredible until the last week or so, it quit working. The screen just goes out as if there is no power to it.I've tried unplugging for a while and plugging it back in and it will work again for a while and then just quit again. Sometimes it will come back at random. I am not sure if I need a new power cord or if something is wrong with the device.I've searched and searched to try to see if I can get some technical assistance on it, but cannot find any options through Amazon and I don't want to waste my time looking and looking. I love having this Echo Show, but I need to know if there is some way to fix it or if I need to replace it.PLEASE HELP	1	November 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I'm very disappointed with the ""SHOW"" + blink camera setup. First I was lead to believe it was a survelliance camera. It's NOT, nor does it work very well. It was not meant to stay ""ON"" so what good is it. Then when I ask alexa to show me the camera, it won't stay linked to even turn it on!  I needed another alexa device for my office but the blink camera stinks."	3	June 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Unable to use video call which was the only reason I purchased it, to stay connected to my grandkids	2	April 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I got this from the Warehouse Deals in Oct, suddenly died in March. No warranty or support, just asked if I wanted to buy another.	2	March 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I like the video calling for sure, but the device isn't as good as the regular echo. The sound quality is not as good and its ability to pick up my voice for commands is horrible. I can be right next to the device saying Alexa and it doesn't pick it up. The device is in the same location my echo was and it didn't have the same problem.	3	July 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Video calling freezes and isn't clear.But that's probably because we have Hugh's Net and they really suck.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great. I got this for my kitchen. So I can listen to music or have prime video or netflix running in the background while I cook or clean.One thing that I found annoying is that I bought a handful of Kindle cookbooks and I wish I could look up recipes from my cookbooks on the echo show. I cannot figure out how to do this. Echo show seems to only have the capability of reading your Kindle books, not let you turn to the page with the recipes you want.Another thing that recently is happening all the time is the Prime video, Netflix and Hulu apps keep exiting after a few seconds of playing. It is now constant, always replicable for it to crash.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The screen doesn't really do much. If you tap the screen, you can get to some settings, but not much.There are 2 things the screen is nice for: Slideshow of your pictures, and showing the questions when playing jeopardy.  I definitely would NOT get this again because the screen really isn't useful for anything. You have to do almost everything with voice control, and most things don't have much you need the video for. Just walking up and touching the screen will get you nothing. You can go through all of the touch features in about 30 seconds.I also have a Google Home Hub with the display. It's light years better. It's functional and nice, even if you never talk to it. You can swipe through videos, access all your smart home controls, show news clips, etc.  I use Alexa throughout my house, but the google home hub is so good I keep it around.I'm amazed how many good reviews the echo show has, because it really isn't good. If you compare it to the Google Home hub, you can really see how far behind Amazon is.	1	March 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We had an original and traded it in for the new one, the old one was better, better recognition of the wake word and this unit has had to be reset several times in the first two weeks we had it, should have kept the old one	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Like the basic notifications and lyrics with the music. Still learning Alexa possibilities..	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love this device! The concept is exactly what I wanted. But the Alexa skills just aren’t made for a visual display. Was super excited about the idea of putting recipes on here but that skills is the absolute worst. With this kind of device, I’d want to be able to easily customize my screen and the order of what I see on it but I haven’t found an easy way to do that. Love the potential with this device but Amazon just doesn’t fully take advantage of the opportunities here.	3	February 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	the screen keeps going black	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this because my home ip cameras work really well with my fire stick. No problems there. I wanted this to use for the same purpose, however, the cameras never load, despite none of the settings changed. I tried every video setting the cameras would offer and none of them work. Still, they work flawlessly on the fire stick.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Although voice recognition, integration, etc are 5 stars I cannot give an overall rating more than 3 stars. I can't count the number of times I've heard ""I don't know about that"" from Alexa. Amazon needs to step up its game and either let us teach Alexa new skills or it should hold a forum for people who have suggestions. I'll admit I haven't looked to see if there is one, as the idea just occurred to me, so if there is one, I'd love to know more about it!"	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I so wanted this to work, and I put in the hours to try to make it work, but this is a bummer of a product for this use. I read a few articles about how to set this up for my gma before I purchased and was looking forward to using it to make video calls during Covid. We got it to work once, but it was too persnickety to use on a regular basis.At that point I thought maybe she’ll still use it to listen to music and as a digital photo frame. It takes a million steps to send her photos, so that idea went out the window.And the Home Screen! I can’t for the life of me figure out what’s going on there. Its super unresponsive and takes multiple tries to get it to move to another screen and for what? It sometimes shows the weather....and that’s the only functionality I’ve been able to find.I’m just not sure how it’s supposed to work or how this is a helpful thing to own.	1	July 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Have spent 3 hrs trying to get it to connect to our Ring doorbell so it notifies when someone approaching.  Have talked with Ring Support and Alexa Support and still don't have it working. This was one of the main reasons we bought it.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"overall this is a nice device, the 8"" screen is excellent. However the voice recognition is not good, have to reboot to have this feature work on occasions. If they update this device for voice recognition to actually work as it should it would be a great device"	2	December 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa came in to check the echo show 8 camera but it doesn't work, please help	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa stopped playing music on command and that is one of the primary reasons for the purchase. It needs to be replaced.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Overall I love Amazon so this is the first time I’ve ever had a negative complaint. I love Alexa but now that I have added 2 echo shows, the voice recognition is experiencing a problem across all devices. It makes assumptions and plays in the wrong room and often does not understand my clear verbal instructions. I never had this problem prior to installing the two echo shows. Seems that the 2 new devises have confused the Voice recognition system throughout the house.  I have several friends that are experiencing the exact same issue. Not sure if it recently was due to some flawed software upgrade or if it has been a consistent problem and I didn’t notice it until I added the two echo shows.	2	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The unit worked well out of the box.  After a few days of operation, Alexa no longer responded to voice commands.  Had to cycle power to make it work.  Since we've only had it a few days, need to see if this becomes an on going problem.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am still  waiting for the replacement of this item to be delivered today. The videos would not play and when asking it to show me recipes the screen was just black.  The item worked for 3 weeks before the problems started.Update:  received replacement Echo on Jan. 24th.  Little did I know that they were sending a refurbished unit instead of a new one!  I called them about this and was told the refurbished unit was available and decided to send that one.  Instead of them offering me the option of waiting for new units to come in they just went ahead and sent me the used one.  Really bad customer service for this problem!	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought 4 of these for prime day after really liking the echo 5.  And let me say, the quality of these things sucks!The first pics show two of the four units received with horrendous backlight bleed.  It’s completely distracting with anything on screen and I have an echo 10 that is great.The second two of the four which are side by side, the dimmer is completely jacked up and auto brightness doesn’t work at all.  As you can see they are side by side at night time with auto brightness on and the brightness the same as default.  Factory reset and tried again. Also up to date on firmware.I’m sending all of these back and getting a refund.  One or two, okay.  But all four?!  And so I asked Amazon if I could get a few more echo 5 units since these are likely to be a headache.  They bounced me around for an hour and ended up with nothing so I’m just taking my money and buying something elsewhere.  Hard to excuse really.Avoid these at all costs as this is what you get now days for quality control.  Disappointed.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"La pantalla debería tener una opción como ""always on display"" de los celulares para poder ver claramente la hora en cualquier momento.Cuándo una visita toca el timbre Ring, no muestra automáticamente lo que capta la cámara. Hay que darle la orden ""muestra Ring"" para que lo haga, y la conexión es lenta"	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Everything but camera is good. Camera is pointing upwards towards  ceiling, picture shows little round blob on bottom and that  is top of my head with Echo sitting on end table beside me. That's a problem, Amazon !  I have tried everything I can think of to get it angled downward. I REFUSE to stand to use it. So if can't fix I'll return it. Thats reason i got it for video chat but my family doesn't want to see ceiling.  Stand I bought is useless only worsens problem. ""Alexa"" herself has no control for camera and can't help. After I checked other reviews and seems a consistant problem. Hey Amazon whats your solution ?"	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I thought it was going to have more features than it does and more connectivity... somewhat disappointed. And the more I try to use this machine the more disappointed I get.	3	May 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Video display is very good. Sound quality could be  better, my Echo has a much better sound quality. Could be easier ways to navigate and save prior videos you were watching. You have to use it to discover what it can do like accessing the  internet.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	La creación y funcionalidad del equipo es una belleza, ahora bien preparate para trastocar tu vida, identifica donde vives para ver si algunas aplicaciones son compatibles, en mi caso soy Apple Music, como amante de la marca de la manzana no me he pasado a Spotify, por un tema de lo que puedo lograr en todos mis dispositivos de Apple, bueno para Panamá no existe compatibilidad con esta aplicación.Después de varios días de reflexión me decidi a cerrar la cuenta y suscripción de Music, para migrar a Spotify, dos o tres días de duelo, adivina, tampoco en Panamá es compatible.Busque varias soluciones por todas partes y la unica posible solución, es mudar la residencia de mi cuenta de Panamá a USA tanto de Amazón como el de todas las posibles plataformas, suenas mas sencillo de lo que parece, para Music y Sopify es un dolor de cabeza hacer este cambio.Asi que si estas fuera de las regiones de compatibilidad, piensa bien en comprar estos equipos o preparate para tener que modificar todas tus configuraciones y trastocar tu vida para adaptarte a ellos.En mi cabeza es inconcebible que una empresa como Amazon de escala mundial, no se asegure la compatibilidad con todas estas plataformas para llegar a todos el mundo.Muy contento con el equipo, pero muy decepcionado, por su incompatibilidad con otras plataformas.	1	June 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	A question I have for amazon is, does this echo show 8 has a different voice sensor? This is by far the worst echo I've ever had, sometimes he does not listen when I am talking to her, even with my mouth right in front of the mic ( I have 'echo' wake word). but sometimes it listens when having a conversation about something else on the other side of the lliving room. Then she recognizes words that are not even similar, I understand if sometimes she confuses 'water' 'outer' or something like that but sometimes it does not even make sense. in summary if you want this to be a reliable voice controlled smart device THIS IS NOT THAT. even the echo dots work better than this.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is worse than the Echo 1st gen, Echo dot 3rd gen and Echo 3rd gen. Setup was strange since it didn’t follow the normal Echo setup process for new Echo devices where it auto detect them. It feels like this was developed by another group inside Amazon that tacked on the Echo functionality afterwards. The camera angle is too high since the unit leans back. We usually have to prop it up with a block or something so it tilts forward enough for people to see us on video calls. I know there is a stand, but I should not have to buy one to make an existing feature better. Not a fan of this device, I’ll stick to my Echos without a screen.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I had expected to use this with the same apps  I currently use on my Android cell phone.  Many of them are not compatible. I also don't like being forced to use the Amazon silk browser.Ill keep it since it is still useful for the price	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not for  a person with memory issues. Would be more beneficial if you can change its name to something familiar. Instead of using g the manufactured name.	2	February 27, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Received Echo Show 8 (Sandstone) yesterday and quite excitedly opened the box this morning to be disappointed to see black smudge marks on the speaker (back) area of the Echo Show 8, very obvious on Sandstone model.Called Amazon customer Service and they agreed to issue a replacement order but could not get any satisfactory response on how a brand unit have so obvious smudge marks and finger prints on the screen, unless it was a used (retuned item), shipped as new, which is very unsettling for a long term Amazon consumer for 17 years.  While they agreed to issue a case for investigation but declined to share any findings and almost denied that it was not a used/retuned item that was shipped to me.  I have attached the picture and the marks are even more obvious with naked eye and across multiple edges of the Echo Show 8 device - the only explanation is that it is a used/retuned item.I am very infrequent with my reviews and my first NEGATIVE review, but thought it was my responsibility to my fellow consumer friends and highlight, a possible misuse of shipping of used Amazon products as NEW, which is nothing short of “bad practice”.  Will wait for the replacement to check out how it operates, but for now it is boxed back and ready to be shipped back (retuned to Amazon) while I await my replacement, which is back ordered.	1	January 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Liked the sound quality, Amazon could have better selection of easy listening music and sleeping music,and I downloaded Pandora but can't get it connected. Alexa says she sent app. but PC does not have it as one of my devices. Have older Amazon Fire and it sent it but does not connect. Got it for the drop in room to room but when it's on hear all room sounds all the time, so something not connected right. Like that it gives weather,  time, and lowers sound.	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought it because I want to see my cameras while I'm working.. It works great with my cameras but there is a problem.. Screen Saver always show on and close the camera APP.. I want my camera app to be on all the time without the screen saver bothering.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Does not work well. Will not operate Vizio TV. Alexa and Vizio tech support could not solve problem.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the whole concept but it keeps shutting off and going to black screen. Only runs a few of my Amazon photos and then back to black screen	2	February 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Overpriced advertising machine with poor quality sound. I expected to be able to do much more than be prodded to buy things, or buy gifts, or other advertisements. I want to hear music. Oh wait, most actually enjoyable music is not part of prime but part of Amazon Music and you pay extra. Can I communicate with friends? Nope. That’s so frustrating we just use FaceTime. We used face time to try to get it to actually call each other. Come on Amazon. You have got to come up with something actually useable and not just a way to jam advertisements and purchase recommendations in our faces ….. and sucker us into paying for the device that does it!	2	February 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Y0u can go online and research its capabilities.  You can play with the screen, but if you really want to learn anything and how to make the most out of this item - order the how to book.  I also bought one of these for an elderly aunt  to help me stay in touch and physically see her and the only way this will work is to provide actual written instructions.  One so I can see it and two so I can help here reference particular pages and paragraphs.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Disappointed, I have an Alexa Dot and it plays Amazon music for me.  My Alexa Show will not.  It requests another fee.  Perhaps this is a user error.  I have given up and found a work around using Pandora or XM to play music.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It drives me crazy to have to have the 'Alexa For Your Day' screen interrupting my picture rotation.  It is bad enough to have the 'Try Alexa' messages at the bottom of the screen.  I still can see the background that I want to see.  Now, Amazon has inserted a whole new screen that I don't want to see.  When Amazon decides to stop trying to force their messages on the customer and actually let the customer control the displays, then I will give a better review.  Until then, my message for anyone thinking about purchasing a Show is, get ready to be annoyed and frustrated.	2	April 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I’ve had this Echo Show 8 for two days now, and I’ve started experiencing audio issues. The problem comes and goes. The speaker makes a “crackling noise” while playing music on Pandora. It sounds like interference... but I’m not certain what could be causing the problem.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have the 8 generation and its very basic.  It was offered with the blink camera for security so I could get live feed and it turned out not to be compatible with it because it's not an updated blink camera.  Amazon said they'd get their Alexa team to get the updated blink,  a week went by and no word so I ended up returning the camera which was disappointing because I intended to use it for live feed on my security cameras. It's only 2 generations behind the newest one.  My phone had more capabilities than the show.Save your money.	2	May 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The instructions were terrible.  I needed to communicate with someone who had a similar product to get it started.  I do not like the amount of time required to power it down or power up.  It is not feasible to shut it off between uses.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was given this as a gift, echo show 8. I love it. EXCEPT...at times I want to toss it in the trash when it shows the words but I can not hear music. I can ask a question, and I hear Alexa's answer. So, sound is working.HOW CAN I get it to work...without having to unplug it each time..I can not hear music. I unplug it up to 5 times a day. Then I give up. My internet is good.	2	September 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Total garbage. The echo show 8 lasted through the setup then after setup started rebooting every 30 seconds. After trouble shooting with three different amazon tech reps . They had me do a reset to factory settings. This helped for about 30 mins. To make a long story short. The echo show was almost dead on arrival. Lasted for about 30 mins after their default fix. Total junk.	3	June 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The ""Show 8"" was a disappointment. It's a novelty item at best. Lots of other tech I wish I had spent my money on but, I have it, it's in the living room and I still struggle to find a use for it, other than to give me the weather... The loss of privacy is really not worth it really!I would not buy again and most likely wouldn't give it as a gift, unless I had the box for this one. Sorry, I did have high hopes for this!"	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality of Alexa is too soft for my mom to hear very well. Louder distorts the words. I got this to keep my mom safe when I have to go away, as she can’t call out on a standard telephone. This does not require her to locate the phone. Just say “Alexa, call ———..“	3	October 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Does lots of tings I do not care about. I like it plays music it tell me temperature for our area and it turns lights on and off.	3	May 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	When using the show 8 for video calls there is an annoying echo on both the show and the other unit you are conversing with. The next time I video , I’m going to try headphones. The slideshow feature has no time set feature to set view time per slide. All in all my wife likes it and that’s what counts most.	3	August 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was really excited about this product but as of Jan 2021, the product feels dated. I was expecting more features and greater setting controls. We bought to use for the kitchen to play music, watch YouTube, and look up recipes. Music quality is good but it won’t allow me to fast forward or rewind in my podcasts. It glitches and will jump around at times in my podcast (happens on my echo dot as well). Wish it had traditional apps like a tablet to make user friendly. We wanted this device to use this device with recipes but times out very quickly and there is currently no setting to adjust. Very frustrating. Recommend just buying a cheap tablet with a stand.	2	January 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Sound quality playing music was impressive. Aside that I am wondering what the appeal is of a screen.  Purchased on Prime days, would not have gotten otherwise.  Seems less knowledgeable as our Dot which is confusing.  Maybe we will utilize it more but right now it is no better than our Dot.	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	All of a sudden, the echo show has randomly starting yelling about Tubi TV.  It's apparently now available.  I'm not interested, but it persists, so I've unplugged it for now.  Maybe when the Tubi TV fad dies down, I'll plug the echo show back in.  Really obnoxious to scream advertisements at random times!!!	3	September 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Please, PLEASE get rid of all the junk on my Home Screen. I got this primarily to show my photos. I love the Alexa features but I don't want to see unwanted stuff on my Home Screen. Many, many others complain about this problem.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great sound, touch sensitivity is also great, light sensor works perfect. On the other hand, it only has two microphones so voice recognition is kind of faulty. It sometimes stop listening while you talking. Also, it doesn’t work well on far distance talking. It must be quiet and you have to be close in other to follow voice commands.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Doesn't always respond . May take several tries. Then doesn't respond and or reply with correct information	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We got this for 89 year old mother.  We have had limited success communicating with her thru it.  She is having hard time grasping the concept of Alexa.  When we are able to communicate, it works great. The Try Alexa to ...... that scrolls at bottom of display, is freaking her out.  Too confusing for dementia aged person.	3	August 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The microphone is garbage.The response time sucks.It's embarrassingly inferior to the comparable Google unit.Buy at your own risk, or at the very least, make sure it's on a super sale because other than taking your Amazon purchase orders, this thing might as well be made of charcoal.But it doesn't matter, because you'll never see this review.  Thanks, Amazon!!	1	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have both google nest home and Echo 8 connected to Samsung SmartThings hub. In my experience Google voice assistant is more intelligent in following instructions. With better AI it can make better  sense even from short instructions where Alexa fails to understand. Overall Echo 8 is a better product than Google nest 7. Both could have zwave and zigbee hubs built in making them a complete smart home hub eliminating need for middleware product like SmartThings hub. Though like SmartThings hub, the best smart  home hub so far.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I like the Echo device , it is awesome and information at the top of your voice . Alexa give the answer and info in seconds.☀️🙌🏽	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The larger screen makes this a good choice except for not having clock face options that allow for a full screen clock. What is worse is that the picture on Amazon indicates one is able to have a full size clock. I am not sure what the point is of having a larger screen but a smaller clock. Amazon will hopefully offer a download for a variety of clock faces for the Echo Eight. Until they do I encourage you to buy the Echo Five if clock size is of importance	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	So  let’s unpack all  this. This review is  about the 5 different echo that I have purchased 3 echo show ( 1) 5inch and 2) 8 inches ) out  of the 3 two died. One right after warranty ran out the 5 inch just died today (2 years after purchasing ).also ordered echo 4 ( 2020 )edition . Had to return both 8 inch show  and echo 4 for not being able to follow simple  commands and having to scream commands. Is  there a  ghost  in the Alexa  program? I think so. I had disconnected my 5 inch for awhile and after returning the other Ire-plugged that one and the same issue infected that one and then it  died. I was thinking about echo studio but don’t know now if I will. If I do  I  will pay for extended warranty. Which I hate to do. I enjoy having these around. They help with basic tasks but not if  they don’t respond or get things wrong. Amazon needs to get to work  on fixing these problems.	1	February 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	A little clunky. Could be much smoother.  And like everyone else says, please get rid of the “try.....”. On the bottom of the screen.  It also serves as a poor alarm clock since I can’t tell it to wake me up @ 5:45 am Mon-Thursday.  It will only do it on week days week ends or one day at a time.  So far, it just makes a half decent alarm clock and a good speaker. Otherwise more hype than anything.	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was extremely disappointed. I bought the echo show to assist my 87 year old mother automate her home and halo make her life easier. Before I bought it I checked if it was compatible with a chrome book. According to Amazon it was as simple as getting the app from the play store and off we go. Not only did I discover that there is no compatible app available for a chrome book, but when I called Amazon tech support, the agent told me “no problem we just have to set you up with your own Amazon account” another $100. I said, “ when I bought it from the Amazon store at Christmas, no one said this”. I also said that I asked specifically about chrome compatibility and the agent hung up on me. This is a pattern with Amazon customer service. I have called before to report a driver who assaulted me when I told him to slow down on my street. The agent hung up on me. Another time I called to report a package that Amazon is too big to give a $h1t about customer service.	1	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The swivel part of the stand is very tight so unless you use two hands to swivel it (side to side or up and down), the Echo Show will come out of the base.  Not sure if this will loosen up to make it easier to move.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Like - Just a tabletDislike - It might not be the Echo, but technologically seems to complicated to get the apps to be downloaded.no build in battery, power goes out and this is just dead weight.Voice recognition is bad.Alexa does not recognize any Asian food or recipes or News.Still cannot make calls or receive callsA Amazon fire tablet is more useful than this.	3	June 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I found Google to be a better product when I first started using it. Alexa seems to have a hard time understanding and often gives me wrong information or can't find the information-this includes the weather! I never had this problem with google, the only reason I tried Alexa is because my google didn't last very long.	3	October 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa can't answer many questions, plus it answers a lot of questions with no response or the wrong subject.  I purchased the Ring doorbell and it says Echo is needed for it, but they don't hardly recognize each other.	3	April 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"This was a gift for my brother. I purchased a few days before hand wrapped it up and gave to him, he has difficulties with it so cant setup on his own, i did it for him before i left or attempted to. Every time the 8 said ""account not recognized"" i tried all sorts of troubleshooting online. I finally contacted tech supportThank  god they called me back so fast on a Sunday. After some troubleshooting back and forth it was determined my unit was marked as stolen! After some further back and forth and the rep contacting the manager they unlocked the device and registered it. It seems fine, the unit itself physically looks fine.This is my for younger handicap brother in a home, if i did not do this that device would be useless for weeks before we got to it. How the heck was a stolen unit put into a sealed box inventory???"	1	October 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I would give a five star, but the alexa try suggestions on the bottom of the screen that can not be turned off is a little annoying. I fiqure the cost of the device is fair enough that they do not have to force a function on you. I have 9 alexa devices throughout my house and I dont want this to make me consider something else because Amazon is refusing to do a firmware update after many people have complained about a unnecessary feature.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	For a superior camera, skip gen 1 and go with Echo Show 8 Gen 2	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have several devices and have sent some as gifts, but these other devices are kicking butt as far as group video chat. It would also be nice to transfer the video call to different rooms. Other than that, and the fact you can't watch Netflix on it, it's fine.	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The user interface is a mystery.  It's impossible to bring up an Amazon Prime Video menu to search through.  I couldn't figure out how to make it ring when I received a call - that just started working one day.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It wasn’t easy to connect and organize smart devices.	2	May 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I own a Echo (1st gen), Google Nest Hub, Ecobee 4 and echo dot. Just recently got this. This is the my lest liked smart device in of the previously mentioned devices that have voice recognition. Alexa is not as intuitive as Google for voice integration for me. The larger screen of the show 8 is something that was suprising to me. I actually like it less than I do the smaller screens on the google Nest Hub and show 5. I got it because I thought I wanted a bigger screen and a better speaker. Both of these reason didn't pan out. If I wasn't so lazy I would return it for a second Google Nest hub or a straight echo speaker.The Far field mics on most Alexa devices are great including this one. Generally they have been better than Google devices in my experience, but what Alexa does with what you says has fallen behind google in my opinion.	2	December 28, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	This would get a 5 star if I could disable that.  There is lot you can change, but you can't get rid of the stupid notes at the bottom to try this or that.  They seriously need a software update so that those can be turned off.  I have my home display to be my photos and this huge lettering across the bottom of the screen is super distracting and totally unnecessary.  If you can't figure out things to ask it, you shouldn't own it.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	There is nothing I can say negative about Alexa .  Since I received it I have not missed taking my am and pm meds. It give me the weather first thing in the morning it plays what ever kind of music I ask it to play. I learn something new about it everyday. Still trying to make calls with it but it is my problem and I am sure I will figure it out. It’s a buy on my list.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The product is good, but feels quite unnecessary.  Quite difficult to find the news channels you are looking for.  Difficult to place, as you must be able to see the screen.  An Echo Plus is enough.	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sometimes you have to unplug it and reatart because the speaker gets super low and sorta distorted. I bought to use with my ring cameras. They were amazing together for 4 weeks now mysteriously they barely connect and ring has no idea whats going on.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this Alexa show 8, and it leaks a lot of light all arround the sides, specially the courners. The sound is ok, however I was expecting a lot more from this unit, I have the Alexa show 10 first gen, and that one is louder than Echo 8.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	As an Echo Dot, it performs fine. But, this is supposed to be more. The Hulu interface is a miserable failure and works less than 10% of the time. Get that issue fixed and I will reconsider my rating.	2	January 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is very frustrating. The device doesn't work correctly a lot of the time. It has seemed to get worse over time. It is not the device itself, but the software. The interactions with Alexa sometimes drive me nuts.	1	September 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The Alexa show is a great idea. I keep the camera off and don't need this feature since my phone can do all this. I use the video feature for recipes and watching sports highlights. One major flaw of this product is the voice recognition. I have several Alex products and even though I am in the same room as the Alex show, sometimes the other Alex respond instead of the one closest to me. This needs to be improved.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Echo 8 worked fine for the first few weeks Now it’s terrible . It will just shut itself off in the middle of a song or podcast.It does this way too many times in a day.	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This will be a one star review until Amazon pulls its head out of the sand and allows us to shut off the incredibly annoying Try “Alexa..” tips.Seriously.  It’s fine to offer the tips...Just let me shut the stupid things off!  It’s not rocket science.Yes it is a solid device but this lack of setting is really that annoying.  Makes the thing look cheap sitting on my counter.  Sort of like a website cluttered with junky ads, these inane tips take away from the experience.  Whoever owns UX on this thing needs to go back to design school. According to the Internet this has been this way for years despite consistent protests from users. At this point I feel they won’t allow us to shut it off due to of some sort of weird spite. Sad!Imagine if you will...you set this thing up to do a nice slideshow of your kids...The photos look nice on the respectable screen and they update seamlessly with amazon photos (which is easy to integrate with iOS photos). Passer bys stop by the device to watch the pics, commenting on how cool that is.  Then BAM a banner obtrusively appears: ‘Try “Alexa, show me how to make stewed clams”’.  Suddenly a Google Home Hub seems quite appealing.Yes.  It is that jarring. Fix this, Amazon. Now.	1	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Everything works as advertised except the voice commands feature. It's almost useless. It won't respond to voice commands or understand them. It worked great in the beginning. After several updates, not anymore.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it. It's not near a wall or by a TV. I've even factory reset it twice. Very frustrating. It's just an expensive clock at this point.	2	October 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My Alexa stopped working out of no where one day. Unplugged her to move her and she apparently didn't like it. She was replaced with this Echo show. This device is not as user friendly as Alexa but we are trying.	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	when we first got it it would respond to voice commands, the only thing it dose is show time. it s on the wifi and the other units recognize it. but thats it. my grand daughter can't listen to music or do other things with it	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My main problem with this is that for half the year the time is an hour off.  It doesn't seem to understand that Arizona doesn't do daylight savings time.  I have tried everything I can think of to correct this but it doesn't work.	2	December 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Show too many video adds and irrelevant atuff with a political leaning. Should only show my photos or nothing if we are not asking it a question.	3	May 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have echo dots all over my house. Love them. Wanted to add this Echo Show to the kitchen for the on screen benefits, but also for a great speaker to pair with the others when playing music all over the house. Which I do every day. But I only have the option to play the music in all the other rooms, OR the kitchen where I placed the show. It won’t pair to play with the others in a surround effect. I ask Amazon… WHY???	1	April 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought a Show to replace my original Echo device and I have found the experience to be lacking. There's no point in getting a show as the visual and UI elements are not well thought out, buggy, and lack functionality.It's amazing that you cannot ask Alexa to show you pictures of something; nor can you ask to show videos. If you want to do that, you have to load a browser on the show and enter a search using the keyboard. And, simply asking to open the ""browser"" doesn't work. You have to remember which browser you installed - Silk or Firefox.So that's about as far as I got - asking to see images and videos - before realizing this thing doesn't do much. The stuff that I'm used to using like Flash Briefing no longer work. Show freezes while trying to play. It seems amazing to me they released this with such a dearth of functionality."	2	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Just recently received this and still exploring all the capabilities and options, but by FAR the most annoying problem is the CONSTANT running display across the bottom of the screen, ""Try Alexa...………….."".  This COULD be a useful feature if you were looking for suggestions, and the only thing missing which would make this a 5-star rating is the option to SHUT IT OFF and enjoy the photos or whatever other content you CHOOSE to display.  Amazon, PLEASE develop a software fix, because this is almost a deal-breaker."	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"This is 6th echo device and although this one is the most advanced, all of the echo devices are starting to malfunction more frequently.  Their processing time is getting worse and worse and half the time they don't complete the task.  Before if you requested to play music, it would run for hours, now it lasts a few songs and stops.  SO FRUSTRATING.  Then if you ask Alexa to continue playing, the device responds by saying ""device stop play because of no activity.""  What activity?  Do by this device or any other echo until they work out the newest bugs.  Why spend money to get frustrated."	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa seems to prefer accessing Amazon music however we have tried and failed to access Spotify for specific music. That is a problem for us since we have a Spotify account and we have music on that site. Alexa has difficulty accessing Apple podcast specific episodes. I am always very specific in my requests only to have Alexa give me a song or podcast I didn’t ask for. It always seems to default to country music too when it can’t find what you are asking for. Bummer!	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I don't like suggestions that i buy something, that keep popping up, nor the suggested content that displays.  it seems like no matter how i set my display settings, the Echo 8 show does what it wants.I don't feel that i have enough control over what pops up	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I just got my Echo Show 8 and I am flabbergasted that I cannot customize the home screen with the date, day of the week, or even a stationary view of my weekly calendar. This thing has so many cool features, how can the simplest of content not be accessible. I’ll provide an updated review if the developers improve the customizable options for the home screen.Update:I continue to be disappointed with the functionality of these devices. The show will not pick up video calls, it alerts me once someone is calling as then hangs up, or hours later I will get a notification that I missed a video call. It is impossible to get this thing to consistently play on all speakers (I have 2 dots and a show). The app interface is not user friendly at all and the skills don’t offer much increased functionality. So, about a year in, I’m still unimpressed.	2	February 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The attached picture is the sole reason I don't give this device a higher review. We were gifted a Show 8 at Christmas and it has been fun and useful since.  After the holidays passed, we have been buying devices that work with the Echo system. A few days ago ""Alexa for Your Day"" started showing up and according to Amazon, it can not be disabled.  I do not want or need this EVER to appear! I have mine set to rotate Amazon Photos and some weather information only but now this appears every few screens.  It is the principal of the situation.  This is MY device, registered to me, bought and paid for and I am supposed to be able to set it to work how ""I"" want it to.  I at least want this to be a choice of whether or not this shows up. I want to be able to disable this so called ""skill"".  What's next? Having this opens the door to Amazon and other advertisers that I do not want ever."	1	March 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	After the second unit still having issues with the sound quality.  After a day or so unit sounds like someone talking from the bottom of a well.  Little to no Bass.  Unplugging the unit and back in remedies the problem for a day or so.  Changed the voice prompt to Echo and now seems like I have to yell at it to get a response.	3	June 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Product is ok.  Not what I expected.  Good luck trying to return.  I had to call customer service to request a UPS pickup.  They processed the labels twice now and they didn’t have enough common sense to use my residential address.  They keep sending UPS to my p.o. box.  Seriously give the staff some training.	3	August 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I would like for it to be like Google give me information on anything that I ask because I like information, I like history Geography calculus geometry algebra Religion trivia whatever it doesn't matter I just wanted to know it I like to learn knowledge is the key. She's pretty good at telling me what I can buy on Amazon etc. which is okay Google does the same thing I have it to when I need to know I have to ask Google for the answer at times. It has the looks now give it the brains connected it to a search engine give it the power of the internet make it proficient . Oh yes I can't adjust send feedback or anything you guys are not on top of things. The app is uselessness its just there you can't do anything with its like having an umbrella in a hurricane go to the Alexa app what for?	2	February 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like the unit, but it never goes to sleep, so (Sceensaver plays slideshows or videos).  I don't want it on all of the time.  So i will unplug it until I want to use it.  Pain in the butt.  Not to mention the feeling that I am being monitored all of the time.  I will not really like this item until they have a sleep mode so it turns off when not in use like the Original echo.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The screen saver activates too quickly, i should be able to have the Ring doorbell camera to constantly play live feed. I should also be able to customize my screensaver to always show the weather or quick links to specific smart devices (routines). Create apps like Amazon fire/kindle devices.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It get dirty easy and it's hard to clean in the grooves, about 4 ppl us the show with my 13yr old son being the main one.I like it but it has some issues, my two echo dots will play music when I tell my show to play music, I called support and they got me back on track but I didn't like itEveryone in the has their own echo device and I dont like it when it connects to other devices without my command.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I got this as a gift and am glad I didn’t spend money on it. Setting up and navigating apps are challenging or impossible. I had to change a password on one of my streaming services and I couldn’t update it on the Echo without resenting back to factory settings. It often won’t connect to my network even though it says it is connected to my WiFi and has a strong signal which makes it useless except for a clock. I am sure there are other features that work better and I don’t have any need to use for complete smart home functionality and I would have never have bought on my own. But it’s frustrating when the basic features I want to use are so challenging. Hopefully the second generation addresses these issues but I will never spend my own money to determine if it has.	1	December 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I got this primarily to use as a digital picture frame in my living room and it does a great job of scrolling thru my pictures and they display beautifully.  However, it puts the annoying things to try at the bottom of every single picture and is ruining it as a digital picture frame.  People have been begging Amazon for years too stop doing this and they keep ignoring it. I have turned off continuous scroll, Discovery,  and every other setting I could find and it is still there. This is infuriating.  I mean really, by now, most people know how to use their alexa devices, so why do they think this is necessary?!?! It makes no sense that they should force this on everyone .  I have an echo spot and even a show 5 that I was able to get it to at least only show it once, but on the 8 they apparently decided it should be a part of the wallpaper itself. You also can't adjust the clock size or position like you can on the show 5. There is nothing worse than looking at pictures of your beautiful children with the stupid things to try at the bottom.	1	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I love my Echo Show 5 and wanted a bigger screen so ordered the Echo show 8. The clock is too small to read unless you are right in front of it and the date does not show up on the home screen (like it does on the echo show 5.) The wallpapers are much nicer and I think the sound is improved but the lack of the date and the extremely small size of the clock is very disappointing.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	What started out as a great idea went south with the constantly changing screen. If you place it where you can see it clearly when you ask it a question, then you can also see clearly the very annoying screen changes. We are back to the tower that rests peacefully until you ask Alexa a question. The success of the original tower should have given a clue to Amazon what customers wanted.  Time to unplug an expensive useless toy. We also have a Google screen and it shows the time, day, date until you ask it something. Not that it has an answer, but at least it's not annoying.	2	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I don't need this thing to tell me anything more than what I ask of it. I KNOW it can tell me what I ask, why is it turning my simple question into a whole conversation!!!!! I don't want any of your BS! AND LOSE THE ALEXA TIPS!!!! I DON'T CARE!! NO ONE DOES!! SHUT UP ALREADY!!	2	October 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have the 4th generation ECHO DOT and it recognizes the voice and understands what I am asking of it faster than with the ECHO SHOW 8.the sound is excellent I can only add that this ECHO SHOW 8 has a hard time understanding	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	On my echo show screen an icon of a man with number 1 in blue ball pops up periodically.  Can not seem to get rid of it.  Is it unwelcome drop in? I turned my drop in off for all devices but it still comes up.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased the echo 8  because I received a Blink security system as a gift. The ads that I saw said that Alexa echo works with the Blink system, But it doesn't connect. The Echo 8 is still a good device though.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Got this because I thought it would make for easy video calls and display the headlines of the day. Well, it does, but it is clearly geared towards entertainment news readers. Customizing the settings to only show the Top Headlines doesn’t help - the top headlines are all tabloid news.The video call probably works but nobody else I know has one, so kind of moot.	1	July 10, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Presented a problem with installation and took some time to figure it out. Also the view of tge person only last for approximately 1.5 minutes then becomes blank. If you want additional time then you need to purchase another app.	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	At about 1 year the device started shutting down out of nowhere. I can get it to turn back on but what good is it if It’s unreliable?	2	February 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Disappointed with Alexa overall. More and more problems with Alexa following commands. I sometimes have to tell it multiple times to turn off. Does not follow instructions well. Quality getting poorer. One by one I am getting rid of them.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I did not have high expectations since I already had Echo devices around the house.  I was kind of disappointed that the Echo Show would ""accidentally"" get in ""shopping mode"" and only show me items to buy thereafter.  Also, the results for videos are hot and miss.  They should really just market this as a Fire TV in an 8-inch format.  it would be more useful for my family's use case."	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s nice and it works - but I find the interface limiting and a little confusing.  I thought it would do more but for what it is but I guess my expectations were too high. It just seems to take up more space and oh yeah, it has a screen.  Honestly I don’t use it nearly as much as I thought I would.  I have five echo devices running in my home and I’m used to using them without a screen.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	As noted, features all work but some hesitation on  voice recognition and the sound quality is just good.	3	June 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Unpacking it felt very solid and actually had some weight to it . All voice commands to operate it which is kind of a disappointment . Being that it's touch screen I wish the software I had a little more Hands-On options to it . I got the 8-inch and I have to say playing music The speaker in it is amazing a lot of bass .	3	May 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Works nice, but is glitchy for the main reason I bought it. I purchased the Echo Show 8 so I could view live video on it in my office. Unfortunately it fails to work most of the time. It will connect sound but not the video feed.  I can view the video fine on my phone and iPad, but not on the Echo. If you’re looking to buy mainly for this purpose, I would wait until either Arlo or Amazon gets it figured out.	3	December 2, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I'm not happy with her poor voice recognition.  Overall,  my first generation echo tower worked better. The only thing I like about it is connecting to another device through a video call,  but that's not worth loosing the voice recognition quality to me.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love everything except the settings for the clock. You seem to get way more settings with the 5” model. Sounds great for a bedroom. I would love to see the date but it goes away and I find myself waiting for it to return. I have set up the display and turned everything off and it still goes away. At night it doesn’t even show the date. I wish I could make the clock bigger like I can with the echo show 5.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is a useful device. The sound is no where close to the echo plus. Perhaps its because there is no sound that come out the front. The echo plus is a cylinder,  so sound comes out 360 degrees. Also in having a hard time turning her off. I have had to unplug the echo show many times because it did not do it on command. I thought the time would be much larger than it is.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Everything is great but it sounds a little muffled	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have so many questions on this one. I haven’t been able to really get the most of it ‘cause Alexa don’t seem to understand correctly. I haven’t been able to use different background pictures. Perhaps I need extra help and reset it again.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I haven't been able to use my camera but twice since I bought it. To be seen while making and receiving video calls. I called more than once for technical support. They tried but it still doesn't work. I'm totally displeased with this thing. I want to send it back. Because it's defective.	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It suddenly died without any warning. I checked with support, they said some updates were underway. Looks like update failed and it is now bricked. Funny thing is that I did not request update. Customer support is unable to fix the device. They just say to factory reset the device, which ironically does not fix the problem, when it should. They offered 15% discount on new device. What a shame! DO NOT BUY THIS!	1	June 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"The Echo Show was mostly disappointing.  We've owned the OG ""Alexa""Echo for a few years and have gotten used to her, but the Echo Show was nothing special.  Seeing the lyrics to songs was nifty, but not necessarily ground breaking.  There is no way to get apps, it only has ""skills"" which were mildly fun in the beginning but the novelty wore off quickly.  A constant barrage of random news sites rotates through the headlines... showing all the doom and gloom happening in the world.  I don't need to see that on my kitchen counter.  We're sending it to my sister who can experience the ""novelty"" for a while."	2	January 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	El reconocimiento de voz es excelente. Lo malo es que no tiene privacidad debido a que todo mundo puede acceder con la voz a alexa. Deberia ser configurado solo por la personas que viven en la casa. Si estamos escuchando musica cualquier invitado puede cambiarla.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	i want to love this thing. half the time it doesn't respond at all. sometimes I have to YELL at it to get it to activate. and then it does whatever it seems to want to do. I had an echo with no screen, that would not activate either. I've moved that one upstairs to put this one downstairs. Now when I speak to the Echo show in my kitchen , the echo upstairs answers. Now why can it hear me all the way upstairs, when it wouldn't respond in the same room ? Bugs need to be worked out of all of them as far as I'm concerned.	2	February 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Is good but need to add playstore to can download more apps btw the sound is good the video quality too	3	June 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	nice screen and amazing sound quality ... The idea of using an app to control this model is really stupid. Why not have this available through the interface ?  So after two days of trying to find podcasts that I listen too  without spending 10 mins each time , asking Alexa to search again. Think again Amazon - waste of time for me	3	May 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon ruined all these devices and although I own Several will never buy another until they give you the ability to turn off all the Stupid suggestions Alexa asks after ever time you ask her something. For those of you who don't know, it is all totally unrelated and you can not disable it. Example; If you ask for the weather, Alexa will give it to you and then say something like do you want to hear about the great flood of 1802, when you then answer no she will proceed to say Ok just say tell me about the Great flood in the future and I will tell you about it. It now makes every simple request take minutes off your life and interrupt every other thing you are doing to get a simple question answered. Stupid Idea. People hate it and Amazon will not let you turn it off. Thinking of switching all my devices to another company.	1	October 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	a pain to get it to do much of anything download more apps..... got it as a gift supposedly to have video conversations with family. had it going on two months...... plays music and oh yeah that was EXTRA charge per month	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My biggest beef is you can't adjust the size of the clock. When you are using it for a bedside clock and can't see without glasses or contacts, it would be nice to be able to make the clock numbers big enough to see.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Worked great for 2 years, now turns off at random!	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Slow. You can play Spotify vut cant access the actual app and choose a playlist. Voice integration is below basic. I regret buying it but I waited too long before installing it and then actually using it to realize it was a bad buy Do NOT recommend. I use it in my very small kitchen and the recipes suggested aren't  even that good. You also can't customize what type of cuisine you'd like to see. The sound is good but like I said my kitchen is super small so it better sound good.	2	June 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I gave it 3 stars because you can’t turn off the suggestions and you can’t go directly to a website, you have to go to google first and then a website. (I called echo support to check). I can type it faster. Other than that it is as described and like every other Alexa device. It has a rather large footprint so be sure to take that into consideration of trying to decide between sizes.	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not sure if it’s because it has less microphones, or what, but this is my second Show, the first being a Show 5, and both of them seem to get my commands wrong much more than my Echoes (3rd gen DOTs, a 3rd Gen Echo, and a Studio). They seem to loose your voice if there is any background sounds.Sound quality is good, and the screen is useful... but it does get frustrating when it screws up simple lighting commands	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We thought we would be able to sync all of our Echo products on all floors so we could receive calls, hear alarms, etc, but that doesn’t happen. We tried to call for advice but couldn’t find a number. The instructions we found didn’t answer our issues or help.	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Got this on Jan 28, 2020 and it's 1 yr 5 days and the unit starts to having issues. Every now and then, Alexa will response to nothing. Other time, it doesn't respond when being call directly in a medium size room at about 4 ft away. Lately, when you ask it tp play songs that contains lyrics, the lyrics doesn't appears. Previously, when it was working, the latest update shows the current line while the other lines are dimmed. This unfortunately makes it hard to read.After 2 years, it seems to stop recognizing your voice. I have to tell it to stop several times before it stops the music.	2	February 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Like the screen size, but the back is big and bulky.  Not able to use all the features.  Finally got it connected to my Visio TV to do voicecommands but it does not change channels turn tv on etc.  Says my provider does not support	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had my expectations way to high. Nothing could ever live up to Echo 5. After the absolute failures of the Echo auto, buds, frames and loop I was really hoping for a winner. It doesn't even have the same skills as it's little sister. You can't put the date on the screen or make it into a proper clock. You can't darken the screen without telling her to turn off her screen. A real let down. Let's pray for some updates.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s a gift and I’m still learning it’s features, but so far I’m not finding much usefulness, other than a bigger screen to video call. But still, FaceTime has group. I’m hoping to discover ways it makes life easier, but so far, nothing my phone doesn’t already do, wirelessly.	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like everything, but I can't use my echo as good because I don't find My Arabic Language in options:(	2	March 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Sometimes it will  not turn offDoes not play what you ask	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Nice looking and sleek design. Sound quality for music playback is descent for a small speaker. Voice recognition needs attention. Doesn't always understand commands and sometimes plays deaf, like it doesn't hear you at all. Screen size is nice and clear. Viewing of online content is convenient.	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The reason I give the Show devices only two stars is because of Amazon.  This has the potential to be a great device on par with the IPad.  However, Amazon has chosen to make it more of an advertising vehicle.  Amazon has no need to do that.  If they would allow the device to be used for its intended use by the user, it would be a great device.  Drop the advertising primary software goal of this and other Alexa based hardware.  I’ve been tempted to unplug my Shows and just go back to Echo Dots because of it.	2	March 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We bought this for our parents to see new photos of their grandchild and others (posted by family). They use Alexa for Music and that’s it. It would be a complete slam dunk, except for the “Things to try” suggestions. It dims the photo (wtf) and is constantly irrelevant for my parents.  If there was a way to turn that off this would easily be a 5star product and we would gift them 3-5 more for additional rooms.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Very limited in capability, would not recommend to others.  Was given a Google device, and much more capable.	2	March 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Needs more improvement and make it more easy for people not good with technology and you need to add more language and Arabic language for people don’t speak English or other people don’t speak English	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have 3 echoes and they sometimes don’t work the way they should. First off, when I wake one and make a request, the other one in a different room will answer while the one in the room I’m in says “Something went wrong” second of all, I have a Show 5 and it’s got some nice clock faces but this 8 only has a digital clock.... boring.It’s ok so far but I hope they will fix this problem.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The device worked perfectly for two weeks, until last Saturday, when it turned off out of nowhere. I tried to turn it on and it froze on the Amazon logo screen.  I contacted Amazon Technical Support service via chat and they told me to reset the factory settings.  After several failed attempts and with the device still frozen on the Amazon logo, they told me that I had to send it to them, they will evaluate if the damage was permanent and fix it or send me a new one.  I’m still waiting…	1	March 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Have tried to figure out its uses. Still a new technology that’s user unfriendly. I’d wait a couple more years before buying one. Even my two mike oaks couldn’t figure it out. I had to download 3 apps and instructions are all over the place. I even purchased the starter kit. It’s just a stereo now.	3	July 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am one of the first true believers in Alexa. I have told everyone about it and have bought many things that have to do with Alexa from the beginning. This one is disappointing. It has too be unplugged for a day or two and let it reset. It doesn't hear all the questions, it is just a mess.	2	October 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The size I like but I didn't  like all of the things you had to do to get working I have mind  in a box I don't like it	2	January 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This is my fourth Alexa device so I am familiar with how they work and our house is very integrated with Ring, Philips Hue, Honeywell and TVs. Also connected with dozens of skills.  The Show 8, within a month is starting to not support tasks. Example: “Echo, play pandora” (says ok, starts playing no problem). “Echo, turn off music in 2 hours” (says ok and repeats time to turn off). Then will not stop at time confirmed. 2nd example: if I verbally ask to then turn off music it does not respond. 3rd example. I manually turn the volume all the way to zero but it will after a period of time turn up the value on its own. 4 example: there is no way to make the screen fully black, so if your sensitive to blue light it is still very bright in the room, even after using the night settings. Sunrise settings are terrible also. Returning.	2	December 29, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Product is an invasion of privacy - it knows my internet password - Geeze. There need to be more options. The Music (if you want decent options), you have to pay for. I cannot find a way to share pics with my Mom in North Carolina - OMG the list goes on and on. It's on, but not ideal. My Mom bought it for me as I would not have bought it myself. In fact, thinking about selling it. I work in Cybersecurity and I trust NO ONE especially Amazon, Google, Microsoft and Yahoo. Everyone is after and has (including the Chinese) my data and I never got paid for it...	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Unfortunately buying this has ruined my setup for all 5 of my echo dots. It’s been over a week and amazon has yet to fix the problem or come up with a solution. It is so frustrating. And now that the glitch has happened even if I disconnect the echo show the dots still have a glitch. You cannot use 2 dots at the same time! One always shuts the other off. If I would have known I would have never bought it.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased after purchasing the Ring doorbell. Amazon presented it as being able to work with it. Sadly I’ve met no one that has been able to or been able to get instructions on how to despite extensive searches. It’s an expensive digital frame.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Today my Alexa warned me that the GOP would be dangerous for the country if elected in the midterm elections. Why is Amazon making political statements through their products?	1	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Finally, after delays, I got mine today. Very easy set up, I think because we already have Alexa and smartness. However, so much potential going to waste I have to be negative. EX: screen brightness must be manually controlled. Weak. Then I’m stuck with the size of the clock feature! Come on, my eyes are weak, I need a strong device. Alexa, make the clock bigger. Not even a manual option for that! Haven’t tried other features yet but I see the potential!	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Haven't even had the echo show for a year and I have to continually unplug it and plug it back in because it goes to a black screen. It's not because of the do not disturb setting or anything like that. It just goes to a black screen and I can't do anything on the screen so I have to unplug it.	2	October 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It does primarily what it’s supposed to, big it turns off randomly and won’t turn back on until a while. It’s not a cord problem (it’s plugged in pretty well), but it still does that. It works fine, though.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I got this for my kitchen so that I could easily view and track timers as I was cooking. But for some reason, the Echo Show refuses to actually...leave timers on the screen. I have to continuously ask it to show me the timers. What a pain.	1	August 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Update April 2022: Still junk.  Is is viable only because it sounds fairly good for playing music now and again, but in every other way, Alexa has lost her mind.  It will not stop playing music, reminders, or anything when you tell it to stop, cancel, home or any other command you try.  She just makes her own decisions.  Useless an an 'assistant' and really just a voice controlled music player at this point.  It is a shame since it really worked well at one point - I assume Amazon updates have put it in this mode for me to buy a new one (like Apple does) - but I will no longer another Amazon Alexa device.I have probably 10 Alexa devices - which have been getting progressively worse as the days go buy, especially the dots and show's.  I ask her to call a specific person and she decides to make up her own person to call - usually from another rooms device.  It is absolutely horrible and ridiculous.  Time to move on to a google home or...maybe nothing is the best option.	1	November 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Free service with Pandora did not work. Lots of extras is by paying extra fees to other apps	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this for use with my Blink security cameras. Amazon states that it works with Blink camera (also owned by Amazon). I can ask Alexa to show a specific camera and it does. However, that's all it does. It doesn't show motion alerts, whic is the whole purpose of having these Blink cameras. Doesn't truly or fully integrate with Blink cameras. very disappointed. Hopefully they will upgrade this soon and add more functionality.	3	February 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Looks are deceiving. Looks very nice and sound great but it’s unresponsive at times and stops suddenly way to often.It’s was a gift so I don’t want to complaint but now that I know I wouldn’t buy or recommend it.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don't like that it sits on an angle. My mom can't even see my kids at the table. I have to put things underneath it to prop it up. I wish it wasn't so angled. I didn't have that problem with the last model.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa knows our voices on this device but is sometimes unable to identify us. Music sounds great but your voice through it doesnt sound clear to the person you are speaking to. Alexa misunderstands what we say on this device yet understands us well on other devices. Packaging was poor. The item was free to bounce around in the bigger shipping box with minimal scant bubbles inside box and the shipping box was fairly torn up on arrival.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The only thing better is its bigger. Still has the Ask Alexa hints at the bottom of the screen( when are they going to get rid of this?). The clock face is not a good as echo five in fact the option to change don't exist. Would not call it an upgrade, the sound is marginally better and the screen is bigger, it has a long way to go before I would recommend it.	3	March 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	When someone is at the door, the show will display the video of the ring door bell which is pretty nice. It tella my shark vacuum to start in their skills options. Im still learning the different way of using Alexa.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	No Full Screen Clock Face option. I bought this hoping to get bigger clock screen than my echo show 5, it got smaller instead! Amazon not listening to users about the need for full screen clock option. Good solid sound.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the size of this Echo show but I still can't connect it with my brinks security camera. I still not sure why it won't connect.	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I loved my Echo Show 8.  I got it as a Christmas present and approx. 5 months of using it it locked up on the amazon screen.  I tried unplugging to reset and also googled how to do the hard reset, with no luck.  The screen stays locked on the amazon logo picture screen. I contacted Amazon and they said I could return it for a full refund and just buy a new one.  They would not replace it.  The problem is my husband bought in on a special before Christmas for $55.00 and a current Echo Show 8 1st edition is $110, double the price.  We also bought two more for other family members which seem to be working fine, but I would have expected them all to last longer than 5 months.  I was disappointed that they would not replace it.  After doing some research it appears that this is a common problem with the Echo Shows.	1	June 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Bought this product so while away from the house I could still video chat with people in the house. I can't get it to do anything along those lines. Works great if your just, ""Alexa, blah blah blah"" but not for what my intended use was"	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I hate that it has no directions. Hitting next gets me nowhere. I tried to load pictures which is one of the main reasons I purchased it. I went through all of the info on line & was so excited when I got to the last step. Then whoosh I get the voice telling me this device doesn't have that feature. Not happy at all. If I can't get pictures loaded then this will be mailed back before my deadline.  Not happy at all. Very upset with the entire device. I know some people love they can look on line for everything however I am not one of those people.  Would not recommend	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I love the sound and picture quality and the screen size is perfect. However, the Alexa “try” tips on the bottom is quite annoying. I’ve managed to reduce the amount but can’t get rid of them completely. Also, when dropping in; whoever I’m dropping in on can hear me but I can’t hear them. I’ve tried this a few different times and unsure how to fix. It picks up my “Alexa” requests just fine so I know the microphone works.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this to replace a gen 1 echo device that was otherwise working properly. Immediately we noticed  that the mic was not as sensitive. It also had poor voice recognition, likely due to poor mic placement on these... When someone set off the Ring doorbell, it didn't automatically switch to viewing the camera (which was the main reason I bought it). Can't play YoutubeTV and its processor is obviously way under performance required for good web browsing. The small echo I got free located away from the kitchen in a den was able to pick up my voice I was yelling so loud....  I ran into a host of other little issues that seemed like bugs. I'll wait for the next generation - I just went back to the old gen 1 echo - it works.	2	May 26, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Tenía un modelo anterior y me gustaba mucho pero al mejorar te hace gastar más dinero al ser el número dos😡	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It works fine but can't hide those ridiculously irritating try Alexa tips. At least give me the option to hide them.It's a very short sighted design flaw.Just look at all the reviews that mention it. If you really want to meet customers' expectations then just do it. I'm sure it's a trivially simple fix. Take 5 minutes and make it happen.	3	May 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Has terrible voice recognition. Not sure if software or just bad mic. Either way, if this had been my first Alexa, I wouldn’t have gotten another one	2	February 2, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bit on the offer to trade my first generation Echo for this. I have mixed feelings about doin this. Two things are just not great. First, the sound seems not as clear as the Echo—it’s muddier. Second, there is no way to stop it from constantly showing suggestions of what to try saying to Alexa along the bottom of the screen. One annoyance is that the Alexa iPhone app for setting which photos to show is clunky and limiting.	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"I can't get this thing to stop recommending things for me to try.... ""Try Oceans Sounds"" no thank you, ""Try this movie or that movie""  no thank you.  I've gone through the settings but it keeps ""trying"" to make me try."	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Seems useful, but I use it mainly for time alarms, but I like the display showing the alarm times, as well as time of day and temperature near my location. Would like to have a time display showing seconds, though.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	my daughter bought this for me. i like most features but the constantly alexa try this scrolling at the bottom of the screen is very annoying so i only plug it in when i want to videochat. amazon needs to fix this.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Still learning. I need more equipment before I can make honest judgement.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I used to like this device. I use it next to the bed as my clock and listen to music on Spotify. My Home Screen is set for a rotation of artwork as chosen in the settings. Instead of my artwork display, Alexa thinks I need tips for the day like ""Tell me a funny joke"" and ""say good morning to me"". The tips will,stay on my screen for several minutes. I tried all the tricks but they don't work. I didn't purchase this device for tips from Alexa. I am an adult, I know how to plan my day. The sound recognition is just ok and the sound quality is about the same. We have an older Echo show in the living room and now that's showing Alexa for your day. WHY BEZOS WHY? Come down to earth, fix your device before you work on your pocket rocket"	1	October 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Great sound quality for music. Calls are either frequently dropped, connect video but no audio, or doesn't connect at all. It's very frustrating when the biggest reason we (and our family) bought the Show was so that it'd be easier to video chat. That's really our only and biggest (but important) complaint.	3	September 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	So I bought this for my family room mainly as a clock and photo screen - and to my suprise the clock face features is only available on the echo 5 - so the clock is really small on the screen.  As far as the other features go - speaker is good for music and voice commands work fine.  But given the small size of the screen in a big room - very disappointed to have this as a smart display to see from 8 feet away - won't cut it.  I'll keep the device in hopes amazon will listen to the various complaints on this feature removal and that they will add it back in.	2	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sound is amazing. Alexa use is great. Having said that more apps and more control for existing apps would be fantastic. The show feels like a small version of the Cube. So getting more access to apps and giving the ability to upgrade existing ones would greatly improve not only the usefulness but also the justification of having one of these.	3	June 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Cannot connect outdoor camera to elexa, followed all trouble shooting.	2	April 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This replaced what I think was the original Echo Show, and while this one has a more sleek design, is a little smaller, better screen, etc. I think Alexa is a little hard of hearing; I have to repeat myself a lot.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Perhaps I just don't know how to set all the features but it is like having a commercial or TV on the counter running non-stop.  Any time I ask it a question or to do something, the screen comes on.  When I don't ask it something, it is always scrolling ads or things it thinks I like.  Yes, you can program to do photos but most of the time, I just want my screen off.  There is enough drawing my attention all day.  I don't need something else.  And, to my knowledge, you can't program the screen to stay off.	2	February 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The main reason I wanted one was for the kitchen, so I could put my recipes on a screen whilst cooking. Sadly I have to jump through several hoops to get one recipe on at a time, and Alexa doesn’t want to exit the app half the time. So I use it for music I stead	3	July 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not what I expected, it's too limited in what you can or cannot watch. Not using it to watch anything other than the front door makes it too big to be used as a spare dot.  Until the other video services start playing nice with each other, it's not worth it, in my opinion.	3	July 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Was hoping I could access recipes from websites other than from all recipes.  Music is fun. Access to weather is good.  Wish it was easier to set up settings especially privacy settings.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It is frustrating at night when it dims. All I see is a hazy blue light. Cant make out much of  anything on the screen. Yikes!!	2	January 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have constantly to ask Alexa to increase  the volume.  Alexa does not know what I’m requesting. Even though is repeated several times  different ways. The good thing is the display of pictures from my phone.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Recently (as of Summer 2021), the Echo Show is forcing an “Alexa for you day” screen and is now forcing ads for TV shows. These cannot be turned off in settings like many other things can. It is shameful how Amazon has degenerated the Echo Show into a propaganda device. I just want to see the time and weather behind pictures of my family. I used to be able to do this without the added garbage I have no interest in. This is no longer the case. It stinks that I’m invested in the ecosystem of Echo products. If they had pulled this crap a few years ago, I would have gone with Google. I certainly won’t buy a new Echo Show ever again if they continue this unfriendly behavior towards consumers and try to wean myself off Echo products as a whole until another company can lure me away. Avoid any Amazon video-capable Echos unless you like being forced to see ads.	1	July 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought the echo show because my daughter said I would be able to use it to talk and see my grandkids like we do on FaceTime. That was not the case my fault I should have researched further. I guess we need to set up Skype on it but who has the time. I do like that I can ask it to play a certain artist and it does.	3	February 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can stream Pandora, or Spotify. Won’t stream Amazon Music. Disappointed. Have to come back and restart the music every time I return to my office. Alexa and voice recognition are decent. The sound is very good for the price.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The sound is terrible on it. My echo dot sounds sooo much better. The show sounds like it’s underwater and I hate using it. It loses WiFi connection so easily even though there’s no issues with connectivity.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this to replace my echo show 5 small screen size, the es8 screen size is bigger but the clock is way smaller than the clock on the es5. Amazon fix the clock size on the ES8!  This is a huge miss for me. Was going to purchase one for an elderly family member but the clock cannot be seen across the room.	3	May 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought one of these for my 93-year-old grandmother and another for my 73-year-old mom, hoping they would be easier for them to use than Zoom during the pandemic. Unfortunately, it's not simple or easy to set these up for two elderly people who don't have smartphones. I would have thought Amazon would have predicted this particular use case and made it easier for people to set them up for other folks who are not tech-savvy. I've spent weeks looking through YouTube videos and searching the internets for a solution and today I'm finally over it. Great concept, doesn't work well for our situation.	2	March 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I love everything about it. The sound is great. We've been playing games on it with friends. We ask her all kinds of questions all the time. Alot more to learn	2	January 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Don’t like the product at all. Voice recognition is junk. You have to have a subscription to play any music. Not worth the cost! Very hard to use or understand how to set it up right. To frustrating	2	December 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I feel the Echo Show 8 has a lower quality display..The time and temp get washed out when background changes to a lighter image.. No issue with the old show 5.	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the sound quality and screen on the device, but I have a lot of the same complaints as many others.The Things to Try suggestions can't be turned off despite what the top review says, the clock can't be made any bigger, and there aren't any apps for Netflix and YouTube. My Fire Stick has them, why doesn't this?All of this could be fixed with a software update, which is seriously needed.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show touch screen seems to lag at times when trying to do tasks by touch screen. It also tends to turn on by itself after I tell it to shut the screen off.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Love the size of the screen but it struggles to connect to Bluetooth, will also just stop sometimes and will have to unplug and reset it	3	May 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This particular echo show 8 worked for a short time and then had a malfunction with it's programming.  Unit was exchanged immediately and have had no issues what so ever with its replacement.	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s an okay product. Did notice some lagging when using the touch screen. Sound quality is pretty good.	3	June 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It seams that this product was. Sold without  nessery programing regarding video chat also seams unable to respond to answer some simple questions ...like the video apps. Given its price it's useful tool & fun to use	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It has many glitches. It randomly comes on when no one is even around. I have to keep it turned off.	2	February 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This thing is a HUGE a waste of money. I own two dots, one tower and this hunk of crap!! Let’s start with a PRO - It has fine sound and will play lyrics so you can sing a long.  THATS IT.CONS - It some how doesn’t seem to understand me. I get annoyed and shout and my other Alexas will answer from the other room before the Echo. (I hear from the basement “sugar added to your shopping list”, while the Show is just a blank dang screen). The cooking apps close. So when the recipes say mix for two minutes, you better have memorized all the rest of the steps. Because, the Show doesn’t have a function to keep the apps open so when you come back the app is closed; and you can’t just ask it to wake up, it hard closes the app each time. UGH!! Like everyone else I HATE the screen savers. I just want the time and weather. I don’t want to be advertised to or to try your crap.	1	March 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I really like the Echo but there were not instruction on how to use it.  Not sure what it can do.  Can it do face time. make calls,etc.Thank you,Barbara KeenanBooks on Demand	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Would be a five star review if Amazon would provide a way to turn off the very annoying “Try, “Echo . . .”” that is alway rotating on the home screen. Come on Amazon, a software fix allowing deselection of this “feature” would make many more of your customers happy as this seems to be the number 1 complaint in the reviews. Looking forward to a fix so I can change my rating to the 5 stars the device deserves.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Don't like the angle of the device, making the images tilting to the wrong direction. To adjust it I have to place the device on top of another stand which is not ideal. Think this is a design fraud.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is a great upgrade from Alexa dot. The screen clarity and speakers are amazing. Opening some apps like youtube on a silk browser makes the device slow. Sometimes Alexa has difficulty understanding voice commands and blanks out. Overall happy with this purchase.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Either I'm asking the wrong questions or asking incorrectly, many times it says ""I'm not sure."" They are not complicated questions, i.e. ""latest news on Carnival Cruises"" and what it does is give the latest news on everything but Carnival. Very frustrating at times. It does have a great sound, especially playing music."	3	August 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s ok but you can’t  stream live or whatever you want on demand even if you have cable . I mainly bought this so I can communicate with my kids while I run to the store due to Covid-19. My 2 youngest don’t even reach the camera so it’s practically useless. I rather stick to my iPad or phone.	3	May 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I specifically wanted this to view recipes online while I'm cooking, but the screen automatically switches to the slideshow after a couple minutes and then I have to go to Silk and find the recipe again.  Happens multiple times over the course of cooking something.  It's very frustrating and does not seem to be something that can be fixed.  I have tried putting on ""Do Not Disturb"" as suggested by other users, but it doesn't work.  I would return this if I still had the packaging."	2	June 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	No instructions came with the unit; or at least I did not get any from the installers. How can I get user instructions?	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought two of these as a bundle. If and when I can figure out how to return it all, I will (some has not even arrived).For me this device is useless. I got it because I was hoping to see the clock without my glasses. I can barely read the clock with my glasses up close. It's actually easier to see the time on my old Echo Spot, which is small. Thank heaven I did not trade in y Spot for this! The clock size is about 3/4 inch for a bit, then it moves and becomes tiny. You also cannot control the color of the clock other than maybe dim it at night.I would watch not videos on this. They look better on my iPhone & iPad anyway. My Ring works better on them, too.Put simply, this Echo Show 8 is not consumer friendly. The ergonomics are dreadful. It could not have been user tested. This huge screen is totally wasted with tiny text. You do not want to have to get up from the recliner to see/use the device. What's the point.	1	November 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I got this for Christmas from my daughter so that I could se her and talk to her. I tried to connect the phone to it so I could and ended up calling amazon for help but I could still not do it even following the directions. It is still setting in the closet waiting for one of my children to come and do it. It is not easy set up for senior citizens.	3	February 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show 8 works as it should but has some downfalls IMO. First is the lack of Clock Faces that the Show 5 has, actually the 8 has none. I use this in the bedroom and would love to be able to look over and see a clock in the same screen position every time. Second is the screen does not truly dim at night, it will put out enough light on it's dimmest setting to light my bedroom enough to see everything in the room clearly. I wanted a desktop assistant with a clock not a nightlight that my 2 and 4 year old grandchildren would be happy with. I am disappointed enough with the Show 8 that I am going to purchase a Google Home Hub.	2	July 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased one of these devices (Echo Show 8)  in hopes that I could video chat with my sister, it worked fine for months no issues. But one night while on a video chat all my sound just stopped! i was tired so i chopped it up as the internet not working, so i went to bed and called her back the next night. I couldn't hear anything on video chat or on using the device absolutely no audio was coming from the device. Now my device was still under warranty, but good luck getting them to fix it, i talked to about 5 different agents who all told me different things on how to get my device replaced. I had only owned the device for 4 months at the time. To no avail i still have the broken device and no way to return it to get a new one. this by far is the worst customer service i have received in all my years of buying on Amazon and its there own product!!!!! I will never buy another amazon device and i urge you to do the same.	1	November 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I dislike the constant “Alexa/echo” ads. Also, for me, I could only load 10 pictures. Other than that, it serves its purpose.	3	May 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Just like the original Echo, the voice instruction isn't very complete or good. The device cannot open a YouTube video from a voice prompt, for example. It cannot open a webpage on it's own unless you tell it to open Firefox first. Some things that it should be able to do easily, but can't:""Alexa, search Youtube for the most recent Linus Tech Tips video.""""Alexa, bring up CNN's webpage.""Can't do either."	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show 8 works just as described. The voice recognition is great, The screen is crisp and it works just fine, BUT. And that is a BIG BUT!!! It is a BIG data drain. Installing it has doubled my monthly usage. I have a 250 GB plan and I am struggling today to not go over my limit.  Normal usage without the Echo Show 8 was about 100 GB per month and has been that way for more than a year. But since I installed the Show 8, about 1 month ago, I am at 222 GB at this moment and I have 6 days left in my usage month. I received the ECHO Show 8 on Dec 7th, and installed it soon after that. I shut it down three days ago to conserve data.  So if you are on a data plan with a limit,, BUYER BEWARE!!!	2	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	This devise is the worst of all 3 three types that I own.  Dose not pickup voice, plays nothing you ask of it.  This devise will tell you the outside temp., that's about it.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have Echo, Echo Dot and now Alexa Show.  Why?  Because I am crazy.  Not sure what to do with Show but do enjoy seeing pictures, weather, plug does control living room lights and I have paired Show with a Bose wireless speaker which I take out in the garage or yard wherever I am working, that's nice but really haven't utilized Show to justify the expense.  Any suggestions are welcome.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	it was a nice gadget to add to the home. however, after one year or so it started having issues. it stopped scrolling through the stories and suggestions and it would not play any videos anymore. there is a temporary fix for it - resetting to factory settings. but it breaks again after a month or so. since watching prime videos was the main reason for buying this, this product completely lost its purpose.	2	August 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I just want like a springboard to be able to touch what kind of devices I want on and off with ease. Instead we have massive huge enormous icons that just take forever to sift through and they're not in any kind of particular order either. I've already made the suggestion multiple times and just get blown off this is stupid. And the News functionality is pretty pathetic as well."	1	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I like everything except it will not stream my live security cameras I have with Blue by ADT. It linked perfectly without any issues, however whenever I tell Alexa to show me so and so camera nothing!	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Ever since we added the Show to our network of 6 echos & dots , it glitches.- we give a command, she doesn't respond at all- we give a command, she says she's playing music, no sound comes out- we give a command, an echo in another room answers- it says it doesn't recognize a station we play EVERY DAY- it won't shut off, despite repeated commands- it shuts off for no reasonThis, as you can imagine, results in serious Alexa verbal abuse by the man of the house, who just wants to listen to NPR while he does our renovations.Doesn't matter if it's in a group or individual. it's just a hot mess. We requested a fix, they sent us a new one that is JUST AS BAD OR WORSE THAN THE ONE WE HAVE! This has been escalated to customer service again, so we are hoping this time there will be an actual fix, because sadly, we love it when it works.	1	March 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Compared to my Gen 1Echo, yes, Gen 1,the voice recognition just really isn’t on par. The device lags (not my internet) when compared to the gen 1 in the same physical location. It also seems to be slower and when I do speak with it, it does not recognize commands as readily as the non-video enabled predecessor.	3	June 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My biggest complaint is the major design flaw. The camera is almost unusable without a stand...which you have to purchase separately!! Without it the camera points up and faces the ceiling. So unless you are right up on it you can’t even have a video call.Bottom line: we shouldn’t have to purchase the stand to make up for the awful design.	3	April 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not worth the $. Half the time you go to make an announcement and it doesn’t hear you. It won’t go to specific internet sites. Thought it would be better but a waste of $.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Received the Echo Show, which was my forth one to buy and set up. However, the unit would not power on.	1	November 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Honestly, beyond disappointed in this. We purchased and Echo Show 5 and loved it. So much so that we figured we would move the Show 5 from the living to our bedroom and just get a Show 8 for the living room. Because of course you would have EXACTLY the same functionality built into the device that is larger/better. But alas, no. No way to make the clock large, you can't even choose the same wallpapers as you can on the Show 5. We were really impressed by the sound, but for everything else you lose, this wasn't worth it. We will be returning this for a Show 5.Echo team,  if you would like to discuss this more. I would be happy to provide some further direct feedback. Thanks for making the Show 5 so awesome though!	2	April 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Although I like the idea that it has Alexa skills there is still work to be done with the sound quality. Great for cooking with Recipe videos	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I received the Echo Show 8 as a Christmas gift in 2019.  It worked ok for about 1 year although it was always very slow and buffered when trying to listen to music, etc.  After slightly more than one year, the Show 8 began dropping internet connections at will, all the time.  Basically, the device became useless except as a clock - when that worked, and to look at pictures - when that worked.  I contacted Amazon support, and they were unable to provide any options that improved the service of the device.  Ultimately they offered to allow me to return the device and pay a discounted price for the same device.  Sounded like good money after bad to me (although it was a gift).  Amazon should be ashamed for putting such a poor device on the market.  This has certainly soured me on Amazon products, in general.	1	August 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have the show 5 and the show 8 and I do not like that the clock on the 8 is nothing like the clock on the 5 it's like they are two completely different devices when they're supposed to just be different sizes it would be nice if the 8 got an update that would let you customize it the way you can with the 5	3	March 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It took a while to set up Alexa with the ring doorbell. A few of the reviews helped. One said to make sure the same account that set up Alexa also should set up the ring skill. Also following steps to doable the ring skill, log off Alexa and ring and then turning off the phone and then logging into ring and then finally Alexa and then enabling the skill fixed our issues	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	when i switched over from my  echo to the show i lost some functionality i can no longer  switch my dish  chancels. when i received a package  the echo would show a green light  the show  will not	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We still can’t get this to connect with our echo dots throughout the house. Still having issues connecting to smart devices—it shows the wrong device when asked and can’t connect to others. It’s a work in progress.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I had high hopes for my Echo Show. Love my Echo Dot. But the Show has a very clunky design & takes up more counter space than I expected.  Voice recognition works pretty well. The screen is kind of small and the speaker is in back, so the sound does not project as well as I expected.  For the price, I was disappointed.	3	March 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really did not need a photo display device. Or another dot. I needed an integrated device with a large clock face so I can see the time when my glasses are off at night. A .75 inch clock -really Amazon? Do you think this product will succeed without a basic proper clock? Google has implemented their product 100 percent better. Please update the clock functionality to assist your visually challenged customers-PLEASE!	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The echo doesn’t play music. After several hours with an online chat. The echo worked for a very short time. They offered 10% off on a new echo. Very disappointed in Amazon. Do not recommend this product. A rip off.	2	December 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Amazon should exchange this product or refund purchase. I do like Amazon and all services but this isone very overpriced thing.  If ithad been in the $20 or less range ok. But not $90.Please , respectfully, arrange for a credit. I have purchsed a FIRE 10inch instead just now.	3	July 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It will not play all the apps. Called in for help- they got it up and running, then days later it stopped playing again . Overall seems to be an ok product.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It only shows one sided news stories and media- it can’t understand anything you ask it. Basic commands are impossible and it’s all fun and games till someone “pops in “On you with out permission and can literally see in your home- creepy , slow, stupid, - buy a google instead	2	November 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Every other day the Echo Show Alex User Interface goes brain dead. Something simple will work one day and the next day Alex has no idea whatsoever about what you are talking about. Example: I can play a song in my Amz Unlimited Music one day. The next day Echo Show cannot open Amazon Music because it is a ""video service"" and the next day it immediately starts playing your request song. Every other day I argue for ten freaking minutes with Echo Show to perform three simple individual commands that it perform YESTERDAY! Blood pressure through the roof! FTS."	1	February 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Great for music and as a  timer. Even though I had a professional IT person come to  try to make the video calling Work, it still does not work. Disappointed that this is so hard to install	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Unable to Taylor to your use. Everything has to be Amazon apps. Too much control on their part.	2	March 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Where to start, it cant handle simple net searches only specific ones.  Trying to play a music video can be painful as well.  The whole house music is spotty since I added the show into the loop it now plays on 1 2 or all 3 devices depending on Alexa's mood I guess.... Not specific to this device but i noticed it after I got it I pay 14.99 a month for Amazon music yet more than half of what I was requesting Alexa was pulling from Spotify (If thats the case why wouldnt I just pay for spotify its cheaper).  I unplugged the whole lot tossed them in a box and am going to give the Google nest a shot at the very least I am betting it can do a simple net search.Positive note Echo's  do put out decent sound for there size	2	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Great sound and features. I would have given it a higher score if the lyrics would automatically come up when playing the songs like in the 10"" also the screen goes grey when lyrics do play."	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	She can be very inconsistent with executing commands.  One command will work great but the same one spoken by the same person will fail at another time.  Looking forward to future improvements.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this for my wife for Christmas. It was very disappointing when it wouldn't even power on. Went through all of the checks with customer service to deem the unit as defective. A replacement was sent by Amazon, which looks to be a refurbished item. Not happy about that, but it doesn't matter, because it wouldn't power on either. Called customer service and explained that it could be the cord (they only send a unit, and not a cord on the replacement).  After checking, they will not send a new cord, but could send a replacement unit (no cord). I said what good is sending another unit if the cord is defective?  Response, well then your only other option is refund. I really wanted to like it, and my wife was excited to use it, but the lack of effort and lack of common sense involved, I guess we will take our money back and spend it somewhere else.  Unfortunately I cannot speak to the unit and how it works, because I have two that won't even power on.	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Needs more Apps.I bought this because my wife's table was always timing out of Pinterest. Can't even get a Pinterest app for the Show.From what i can see, can't bring up pdf's either.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	There are many things I like about this. However, 1 major thing is such a significant drawback that I feel weighs all the otherwise positive aspects out. That is, the constant, “Try Alexa,........” at the bottom of the home screen. It cant be turned off and it incredibly annoying.  It also seems to be something that has been around for past generations and I am absolutely baffled as to why.	3	November 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Wanted a small TV for when I'm cooking in the kitchen. Honestly it's a bit small to really watch anything on probably should have bought the larger one,, the audio is very impressive though.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I have had the 5 for awhile and am happy with it except for the screen size and resolution.  I was able to turn off the ""things to try"" so I bought the 8.  Totally different menus and menu choices.  I've tried everything but can't turn off the irritating ""ads"".  I'll keep it hoping that Amazon will wake up someday and get rid of those STUPID suggestions popping up all the time."	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	In general, good product. But it is not easy to speak with alexa. Keep asking for suscription to music when ask to play a song. I've already say no many times.It is eager to get you subscribe to music.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I almost replaced my original Echo with the Show 8, and boy am I glad I didn't.  The Show 8 is OK for voice calling my elderly parents (it is nice to see them) but the issues with the microphone and sound playback are atrocious.  The microphone seems to understand only 80% of what I say, while the original Echo understands almost 100%.  The sound reproduction is muddied at best and while I don't have a problem understanding what the Show 8 is saying, it sounds like a piece of kitchen towel was placed on top of it.Overall, not happy.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Everything I ask she says I don't know that but I can go ask my echo dot and get the answer maybe mine was returned and they sent it to me very disappointed in this product	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I got this primarily to use as a small streaming device. The device can’t stream Netflix at all and seems to have limited Hulu functionality compared to an actual TV which is disappointing.  If you just want to stream amazon prime you’ll be fine.	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I'm a senior, so it's a learning curve. Got it for mothers day	3	June 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Its quite confusing to set up and actually get it to do things.For instance setting up Ring cameras to it.I got once to it but cant get the other.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	When I realized I couldn't turn off the advertisement, I thought I was missing a setting or something. Surely, that's not accurate, I thought. But I still haven't found a way and it shows ads as much as it shows my pictures. Amazon, are you gonna pay me for your advertisement time in my living room? If not, remove this s#*+ from my device or be more upfront about your crappy tactics to make money on an over priced device.	1	April 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It's just okay oh, I just don't have too much use for it personally unfortunately	3	June 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great product. A lot of what the Echo provides you can get from a smart phone. However, the voice recognition and sound quality is very good. Fun to play with.	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Disappointed with the integration to the Blink Mini. They are being sold together yet there is no ability to two way talk between the echo show 8 and blink mini. The overall product is good, display is nice, and the volume and voice recognition work well, but I expected more for the offering.	3	July 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Just a lack luster product. I have all Alexa products.The good:-Sound is good with a decent amount of Base-Screen quality is good-Integrates with security camsThe bad:-Voice recognition-The direction of the mics must be forward only. Only decent from close up and directly in front-No apps-No way to integrate app and deviceOverall all it's ok. Nothing great but ok.	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I just don't know how the designers simply can't see how important the CLOCK is for this device. I'm not talking about an almost invisible clock located at the corner of the screen. That is ridiculous! PLEASE: DO IT LIKE ECHO 5! If not for the sound which is decent I will send it back. I swear to God.	3	April 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	You have to say Alexa name 4-6 times before she responds back to you,, first day I hooked it up, worked perfect, by the 3-5 day have to call her name 4-6 times,,, but all in all it’s good when she responds back,,,,,	3	November 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Screen goes off whenever we ask something and starts buffering not great in visual experience.	2	March 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Incredible product. Love it so much! The reason I have given 3 stars is because when I unpackaged the item I noticed a chunk of paint out of the top where there is metal showing. So I now have a scratch on the top of the screen that was not from me, but from the packaging by amazon. Disappointed but not ordering a new one because the item is out of stock for a while.	3	December 8, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Thought this would be great, but if haven’t used it a few days it won’t answer me I keep saying Alexa it does nothing can be right next to it and yell it and it won’t wake up. Have to unplug and plug back in to get it to work. What a pain in the butt. Wouldn’t buy this again. Glad that I’m not depending on it to turn my lights on or I would be screwed. The original one without the screen works so much better not a problem with that one.	2	April 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Don’t like that you can’t conference call and it should be equipped with a swivel instead of having to purchase separately. It’s bulky like an old school TV and the fact that it has to be plugged in to operate is inconvenient. You would think in this day and age it would be equipped to operate wirelessly. Quality of video is good but a little disappointed overall.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I used to listen to sleep sounds at night on my Alexa speaker. But since I bought the show for kitchen. It plays sleep sound all through house. Disturbing everyone maybe a book with show would. Of been nice!!	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Echo show 8. I hate this device. This thing is one constant annoying advertisement. I can’t do/ask anything without being preached to about stuff I either already know, or do not care hearing about whatsoever from my “smart” device.Even when I’m not speaking to it, I’ll still be invaded with the DUMBEST suggestions on screen.Alexa - Did you know I’ll never spend another dime on your products ever again?	1	May 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Music stops after a few songs.  Haven’t been able to get it to continuously play.  And it would be better if it had an internal battery.  It has to be plugged in. Movies play well with no interruption.  Sound quality is good.  But I should have returned it.	3	July 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I love it	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Has worked great to watch a quick show or grab the weather, but is seriously struggling with music commands! Does not want to play music by itself (keeps trying to ""play everywhere"") and gives lots of ""I'm having trouble with that"", or ""humm"" responses... Definitely a work in progress!"	3	August 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t understand why the echo show 8 doesn’t support the stick up cam battery even when it is online. What if all the previous cameras you’ve purchased are battery operated & not hard wired (which is convenient to move around for strategic reasons)??? This echo show would have been a complete failure! It does not completely serve its purpose.Other than that, the picture & sound quality I guess is okay.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"I got this device as a gift so I could call my daughter Erin while busy in the kitchen, well ever time I ask her to call ""Erin"" she calls ""Aaron"" who happens to be my husbands nephew  in Minnesota!! Apparently because the wireless account in his name it uses only his contacts from his phone!! Not fair!! Now I'm going to have to switch  phone providers IN MY NAME!!!"	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Ordered Show 5, Show 8, indoor and outdoor cameras separately and now find out I can’t get the Sync Module 2 separately!!  Still waiting on outdoor cameras ordered 4 weeks ago. Will box it up and return it all. Very disappointed.	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this Alexa just to be able to see my home cameras and out of sudden stopped working. Must be a glitch cuz I saw somebody else commenting on. I hope they get it fixed soon. Such a bummerI have lorex cameras	3	November 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	[Updated]It seems that it works fine after rebooting. Will continue using it to update any new problem.At first, it working fine. But just a few days ago, it stops echoing sound. It can still recognize my voice by showing the answer on the screen, but it is no longer able to respond through voice.	3	May 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It does not hear me when I speak the first time. Connecting Hulu was not easy. It does not do much more than my iPad I could’ve prop that up on the counter instead	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have asked Alexa many times how to add amazon music and the instructions don't match the options I have on the device and going online is a big pain to find the instructions.  I have not had much chance to use other features	3	October 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can’t—for the life of me—get my photos to load even though my app indicates that the photos are on the Alexa. Contacts won’t load either. Not as easy, intuitive or foolproof as I expected.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Don't work like the other amazon	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I am very disappointed by a few facts:1) there is no way to watch Netflix on this. Since I watch Netflix on Fire TV stick, I assumed I can watch it here. Wrong assumption!!2) the clock display can not be customized. The time is shown in the left bottom quadrant. Very strange design decision3) No much customization of the user interface is allowed.4) Youtube can be watched (thank's god!), but only in the browser5) Annoying ""try alexa.."" add scrolling through my screen.Summarizing:This is not a tablet. You can not run apps on it.It is not a secret that Amazon ecosystem is weak. It is not even close to Apple's and Google's ones.  I liked the fact that Amazon allowed side loading apps onto their fire phone and fire tablet. Nothing like this here. You only deal with what Amazon allows you to deal with.Somehow, it reminds me about the failure of the Windows RT paradigm.Greed is what drives this world. Here we are not getting the best possible experience, but rather what the company wants to sell us to maximize its profit.I am at the verge, thinking weather to keep or to return it. I do not know yet. It kinda has an okay sound system."	1	January 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The item simply doesn't power up. Just exchange it. Why do i have to waste my lunch time? Trouble shooting something that doesn't turn on . I explained this over and over. I don't even want the product now .	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa needs exact commands. For example; if you’re playing music and you say “Alexa stop” she will not stop the music. You have to say “Alexa stop playing music”.	2	January 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	can't seem to get it to do what I want... but it sure thinks it knows what it wants to do	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I find it hard to know what it can do that the regular echo does.  I am not interested in using it to make video calls, as I don't know anyone who has an echo show.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My main complaint is that there are not very many apps out there, that utilize the screen. What's the point of purchasing this, if there's limited content available. I've search for the best apps out there, and there's nothing spectacular or new. Just video conferencing, a clock, limited weather, etc. I would think there would be a map feature, since it's so visual. Nothing. Would I buy this again...I don't know. Probably not.Pros:Excellent stereo sound quality.Super sharp screen, that's easy to watch video on.Love the integration with my Blink camera.Cons:I cannot find many useful apps that utilize the screen. Very limiting.Voice recognition is not as good as the Each Dot.	2	August 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Not worth buying. The sound system making chirp sounds. I was truly excited for its sound system but it comes to a no use after few days. I wish It’s better as it is provided in the advertising.	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Overall in subtle ways it promotes Left wing type agenda.  Insulative if your not left wing.  Specifically it promoted BLM. It wasn't referring to Biden's Laptop Matters.  But rather the other rioting group trying to destroy our Constitution.	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Device won’t connect to account or Wi-Fi suddenly.  Has not been a problem for the last year and a half, and last week stopped being able to connect.  Have tried resetting everything and trying in another room on a different network.  Not great.	1	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Got it to connect to a camera for ny babies room and it hardly ever connects without a problem or it freezes and i dont hear her	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The initial integration into my Alexa system was great. Picture quality and sound exceeded expectations. Problems were finding/introducing skills and connecting with other services. I know this is not because of Echo 8, but if you can't figure out meaningful activities for it to do it really isn't any better than an Echo sound-only. Better instructions on finding/installing activities would greatly improve the Echo 8 value and my Overall Rating.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"Did not realize that you must have Hulu ""Live"" to watch Hulu, thought that calls could be make without the use of Skpye via iPhone, cannot message anyone that does not have Alexa messaging enabled (didn't even know there was such a thing. Speak not near as smooth when load as I expected."	3	June 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have recently decided to get rid of these things because I find myself yelling at them more than they help. The wrong one constantly answers, and it's next to impossible to get them to just turn off all the lights.. between unwanted notifications that make lights that won't go away to guard mode that tells you to disarm you disarmed alarm.. they are a constant source of annoyance i the home. Everytime you ask the 'supposed smart speaker' to change something it tells you to go to the app to do it.. really? It should be called a dumb speaker with lots of lights and a screen that won't go off if you have more than one. When I first got these I got more than one I think that was the problem.. these devices will not bring you joy. They will just add another device that won't do what you want it to in your house with lights that will wake you up when you just want a dark room. Please don't buy these save yourself the headache.	1	November 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo 8 is convenient, however, the items that can be used with the Echo 8 are too expensive to purchase.  Example, $19.99 for one Smart Plug.	3	April 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It works just not quite the wow factor I was looking  for	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The suggestions are annoying and you can’t turn them off. For the money, you shouldn’t have to endure constant prods from Amazon to try new products or features.	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Purchase as part of camera package but doesn't allow for you to talk through Show.  Still need to use your phone for that function.  Otherwise works well in the kitchen	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have to reboot this multiple times because she is not responding. The sunrise alarm also does not work. It used to work, but stopped working. Tried resetting the sunrise option in settings and restarted. Going to try to set up another new alarm and see if that works.	2	October 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased the echo show 5, then bought the show 8 so I could have a larger clock (I wear glasses and would like to be able to see the clock without putting them on). It wasn’t until after I set up the show 8 that I realized Amazon CHOSE to not allow you to have a full screen clock on the show 8. I say chose because this is entirely a software feature that they would have had to disable in their software, since they are likely using the same base code as the show 5.	2	March 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I wanted this for a intuitive alarm clock. It can show my ring cameras, play music, order amazon items, turn lights off, play sleep sounds like rain and all kinds of other neat stuff... but the one thing I really wanted it to do and it fails. It’s a 8” screen and it displays the time in a 1.5” font. Very dissapointing there is no clock setting or app ...	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon please allow us to turn off the ads. Also, I would like to see a full-screen clock. That is why I gave it three stars.	3	May 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Very slow. Always having to unplug and then replug so that it will play shows or music. I will ask Alexa to play music and she does not respond. Screen is also very slow.	2	December 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I Like the Echo Show 8 . It has many pros but wow the TRY ECHO is annoying!!! Amazon should fire the one who added this feature  and than fire the person who approved it!!!! I guess It never crossed their mind to have an option to turn it off or on????	3	June 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	After applying the latest update, now the night time clock shows a bright background and a dim clock that is not visible from a couple of feet at night. Before the update there was a white clock with a black background that was easy to see at night. I don’t really know why Amazon changed this but it’s really annoying. If anyone at Amazon echo development team is reading this, can you please make this device an actual night stand like the echo 5. I just want to be able to see the time at night. Thank you.	1	February 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	On certain station you have a little nosie where the sounds are not clear and sharp as other stations. Other than that it works great with my ring.	3	April 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I cannot set up or call others I know in my contacts who also have an echo show.  Too confusing to set up.  Very frustrating!	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am very disappointed in it overall. this is not as good as the 5 that I have.	2	February 24, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	deleting lists completely,  could not find hearing accessibility.  My husband's hard of hearing and can not hear Alexa alarms at all.  I can't even hear alarm sounds.  I was hoping for setting up something that is more noticeable.	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No me dejo habrir Netflix. No me aceptó bajar aplicaciones para cámaras..se congeló demasiado..tenia que cerrar cualquier aplicacion, para poder usarlas..	3	May 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have a Sony Bravia smart tv and the Echo Show only recognize basic commands(on, off, volume, etc.). I have an Echo Dot that recognize all Sony commands (switch input, turn to specific channel, etc.)	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It had a lot of network problems. It was glitchy. Voice recognition was really bad. The sound quality was great. We really like the features if it worked well. We requested a refund and Amazon happily refunded our money and even let us keep the old one. So that was good. We ordered a new one and hope it is better.	3	March 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Surprising to learn. The thought that I'd be able to place it anywhere in the kitchen as I needed it, that every so often I'd have to charge its battery. But nope, need to follow that recipe, power cord hanging over the kitchen so it can also sit on the island.The features are nice so far, still learning, but stinks that it's tethered as it is.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought a set of 2. One works fine. I love it.The other, the external speaker does not work. Can't get the company to respond to fix the problem. Not good customer service	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Spent over half an hour on line with Amazon Customer Service trying to get the echo show 8 to work properly.  and now, a week later... other problems popping up... losing audio, etc.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This unit does not listen very well. You have to scream most of the time to get alexa to hear you.For alexa to hear you the room has to be very quiet. When I put the unit in a multi speaker group the sound is filled with static. Now the unit is useless in a multi speaker group. Tried rebooting units to correct this problem but still no luck.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa can't do a lot of things that my google can. She is very frustrating to talk with. Better interaction would be great. Making a simple call from my echo should be a simple task for her.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The sound on this playing music on a low level is horrible.  I tried changing the settings to get it to sound better but still sounds muffled. My Echo show spot sounds better than this.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	A fun unit but produces too much light even in night mode. I have to tell Alexa to turn off the display when I sleep, which means enduring the brighter non-night mode if I wake early and want to see the time. I’ll likely use this elsewhere in the house and go back to the echo show 5. Don’t know why they couldn’t make the same clock settings for both.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	When the sound is in low volune, Alexa can't hear me.  Hard time set up door bell camera.  Customer service can't help, the person has no idea.  Too bad, Amazon page said comparable, but has no idea how to help customer set up, and the the final answer was the other end camera software skill not comparable.  Very funny, huh???	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Got it on sale at Christmas, great price, great sound, and awesome in the kitchen for cooking and music.  The messages across the bottom of the screen are minor.  Would buy again	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sorry	2	June 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The biggest flaw of Echo Show 8 is its inconsistent connection with Spotify.  Sometimes it works great and others, I'm constantly having to unlink and relink Spotify to the Echo Sound.  VERY FRUSTRATING.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I really wanted to like the Echo 8, but I can’t. The things to try at the bottom of the screen are beyond annoying and border on stupid. And trust me when I tell you that, with the Echo 8, there is NO WAY to turn this off.Three stars for the things it can do well, but please allow those of us who care about aesthetics to TURN THIS OFF!	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It’s okay. I like the screen. The speakers suck though. I didn’t expect it to be amazing but I didn’t think it’d be that bad haha	3	April 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show is a great product at a competitive value. One thing that would've made this 5/5 is having more integration with other apps. The selection is very limited.	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t like the images and slogans that are constant. I know I can personalize it with photos but not sure if I can rid of ads.	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It would be nice if it came with a stand. The price of the stand is too expensive to buy on its own.	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Can be very intrusive.  Sucked up way more pictures than authorized.  For two weeks received covid 19 reminders every 45 seconds or so. After two weeks or so received notification on a way to stop covid19 lessons.  At Amazon's suggestion purchased TP-link HS105 plug.  I could not get it to work.	3	May 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This device is good for the most part. The sound could be better. I would NOT recommend this on a home with kids. Amazon has programmed all its devices to state that BLM and this is a political statement that AMAZON should not be trying to push on AMERICANS.	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	i enjoy using this as an alarm clock. the screen is not as useful as i thought it could be. the sound quality is ok, and the screen quality is good. i use the art background, and it’s pleasant and interesting enough. there is an odd lack of customization on the screen. i wish there were more options to arrange things on the home screen.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Its convenient to have on your office desk. It shows upcoming meetings and events. Sometimes the device had trouble following commands such as ""Open Prime Video or Netflix"" also the touchscreen didn't work sometimes and the device froze."	2	December 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The device is great. Sound quality is awesome. The only thing I must complain about is the brightness. You have to turn the brightness up all the way to see any pictures or videos your watching. If you put it in the middle its very dim. Thinking about returning it. I gave it an overall rating of 3 stars. Would have been 5 if not for this flaw.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The whole reason we bought it was to use with our Blink cameras...the doorbell doesn't ring on there and it takes forever to open up the cameras.	2	January 5, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It’s been just ok so far.  Let’s just hope it’s not a piece of junk like the first gen show that this is replacing.  Barely had the first gen 1 year with very little use and already being replaced.  If this has as poor quality, it WILL be the last one.  Sadly, Amazon did very little to back the faulty product.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	do not like the content she's always trying to feed us.	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It starts talking in the middle of the night, goes off and starts on its own.  Very frustrating	2	February 12, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I bought an Echo Show for myself and both sets of parents. After some frustration I was able to set up my Echo Show and use the calling feature with my siblings. The photo display is also fun. So for myself I would rate it a 4-5. However, after over a week we are still having trouble setting up both parents. The calling isn’t working and I can’t find answers online. They are very frustrated and so am I. I wish there was better trouble-shooting support. If we can’t figure it out soon we will need to return the devices.	2	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We purchased this on Prime Day along with 3 outdoor blink cameras. It doesn’t matter what skills we enable that link to external accounts, they will not stay linked to the Echo Show. If I tell Alexa to show the front door and response is I’m sorry I didn’t find a device named front door. The Alexa app on my phone shows the device is connected. My Spotify account doesn’t stay linked either even though it shows it’s working on the Alexa app. So basically we have a $70 clock. Even at half price Alexa the echo show is not worth it. I will be returning ASAP as possible.	2	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Unable to connect to WiFi for 2 weeks. I tried all of the instructions found online nothing is working. I like the sound quality but the problem with connecting to wifi is driving me crazy.	2	December 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Needs localized phone number storage instead of phone requirement. Phone should not be required to make a call.  If this exists, then the method of access is hidden or not easily found.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Very glitchy. Will suddenly shut down when doing the more fun features such as song games. It’s great at setting a timer and ultimately that’s all we are using it to do.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This echo doesn’t know much of anything from current events to songs. She doesn’t know any basic functions with Apple Music. It doesn’t work anything close to the way a tablet would. My voice command remote has more accurate responses. Having the device has been incredibly frustrating. Waste of money.	2	October 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this when I did a bathroom remodel - I mounted it on the wall of my bathroom to watch movies while I soaked in the tub. It's important to note that I live in the desert and my bathroom is not a humid place. Abruptly about a week ago it stopped showing video home. It says ""here's video home"" and then just stays on whatever screen it's on. There's no way for me to access my streaming services or see what is available or browse, not even prime video. Waste of $$ to have something in my bathroom that does everything except the one thing I bought it for.  I did a factory reset and everything.  No video. I can look up recipes, though.  In the bathroom."	1	November 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	room integration w echo dot is challenging and it isnt as simple as it seems - does not have access to apps like cable platforms	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Basic set up is easy; more complex connections require someone from the Geek Squad.	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	UPDATE ON NO UPDATEWow it is now been several months since I wrote this and still no update.  My Echo Show 8 and 10, both devices which we love stopped working all of a sudden.  I spent three hours with tech-support trying to troubleshoot the devices and was told that I would absolutely get a call back the next day with someone that could help me and that never happened.  Fast forward three months when I had time to try to call technical support at Amazon again and I spent another 3 1/2 hours on the phone and they could not get the devices to work.  Unbeknownst they then send me a new echo show 8 (which was great) to replace the old one but I didn’t get a shipping label to send back the old one and so they charged me for the second one.  Also nothing was or has been done about my echo show 10.  Really a shame to ruin such a great product with such poor support for a customer.	1	October 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This product has a touch screen yet i still had to use my phone with the app to setup. Can not add apps or smart home items without the app on cell phone. again its a touch screen should have more features for the price.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show 8 is a really good product for what you need it to do. My issue is with the screen. It seems very glitchy. The display seems to jump to a different format from time to time. Also, the suggestions are annoying at the bottom. You can't turn them off. I'd also like more selection on what the face can look like.	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s ok but not as great as I believe it should be for the money. Does Play music if you have another Alexia device playing in the house.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Honestly Alexa is not the best AI. I am always stuck repeating myself. I would say maybe my “slang” or natural “Philly” accent could be the culprit, however I have no issues with Siri or Google assistant.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Its just a bigger, bulkier, non-battery powered, not as app powered version of your phone... just use your phone.	2	February 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"i've had mine for about a week now. i love it, except when i'm listening to iheart radio or spotify it randomly freezes. she always wakes back up to ""alexa"" though."	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Does not understand some simple commands. Need additional help on using and setting up live visual telephone calls how to set up what photos to see as screen savers, etc.	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this NEW in December 2019. I  live alone and barely use it. I  mainly use it for a alarm in my bedroom.  Today, the unit will not respond when asked a question. Tried all troubleshooting steps.  Still does not work and it has not been 2 years. Come on Amazon....	2	September 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We have a number of different units to include dots, hubs, full size unit, and a couple other odds and ends. This unit seems to have Problems with voice recognition and following commands. It has to be repeated to I'm numerous occasion's during the day. I think I prefer the hub or the larger screen unit than this one. Camera is spotty.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The show integrates into my household wonderfully. The microphones on it are a not as receptive or sensitive as the echo dots. I find myself having to raise my voice even though there is very little ambient noise in the room. I have it three stars for this reason, four stars for everything else, it would have to serve my coffee for a five star review.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Awful. I made the bad choice  of pairing up Echo Show to control my Fire TV and after that everything I said to Echo would pop up on my TV which was awful, so I factory restarted it. I mainly wanted to use it so my little one could call other people or to ask quick questions for an inquisitive toddler but the Alexa search engine is awful, plus the sound and video function for calling is pretty terrible too. The search engine is less than subpar- It’s easier to search on Google. If this wasn’t a Christmas present I would’ve returned it.	1	January 24, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Do your research to see if this is right for you. It does not do as much as I thought. If you have a firestick in the same room, you do not need this.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Going from the echo show 5 to the 8"" version is  disappointing. For example: It does not have multiple clock faces that the 5 inch version has. The setup screen is also different. It seems less modern in the 8 inch version. I expected the 8 inch version would have the sane operating system as the 5 inch but it doesn't. Too bad ."	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Dont expect this to work with your ring device very well. When I ask Alexa to show me my ring doorbell camera when someone is at my door, if it happens at all it takes several tries to pull up the ring camera even though they are supposed to run smooth together.	3	May 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was disappointed in the sound quality while listening to music on this device. It works well for talk radio if that is all you intend to use it for.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Our daughter bought one for each member of the family so we could all celebrate Christmas Eve together but you can only do one call at a time. I can do zoom on my tv screen.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Great audio streaming and some video playback.  Sounds great with good deep base.  Lacks ability to show the video from the Ring Doorbell automatically without asking Alexa like the Google Home Hub and Nest Doorbell.  Also, like others reviewed, give us the option to disable the ""try Alexa"" and give us a YouTube app along with a larger clock display."	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"This device use to be great for streaming music from Amazon Music or Sirius XM. I say was as Amazon has done something to greatly lessen the value of this unit. Up until about a week ago Alexa would happily stream XM music all day long with no interruptions. Recently though the music will now abruptly stop after just 40 to 50 minutes without notice then dead silence. It happens on this device which I use at work and a similar device in my home so I know it is not my work environment causing this. All of my other devices connected to my home wi-fi act just fine so I know it is not the wi-fi signal. So it can only be Amazon's doing. This is a major flaw in a device that was purchased for just this function. The sound quality is just great but this new ""feature"" of the music abruptly cutting out is not. If I could return it I would."	1	March 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this Echo 8 to hopefully fix the dropped phone calls I was getting on my old Echo.  The Echo 8 was even worse, it dropped phone calls more often.  I know there is no problem with my network because I can get on Zoom and talk as long as I want without any problems.  speedtest.net shows I am getting ~90Mbs throughput on my network so speed is not a problem.  My Echo is in direct line-of-sight and within 20' of my router.  Very disappointing.	2	March 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa gives too many tips	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Someone in my house is blind and the show and tell feature is not working. This was the single reason I upgraded to this device and I feel like sending it back. Otherwise, good product with great sound.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Overall dissatisfied with this product. Typically I favor Amazon  over Google products but in the case of the Amazon Echo 8 ( 1st generation) had me putting this back in the box after a cursory examination.  Key dislikes included:- scrolling was not intuitive/easy- photos were not displayed as well as with the Google Home- as noted it is not compatible with You Tube TV without doing a workaround	2	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The screen is decent, but I want to use it as a more useful idle display. You can't get it to display the time and temp only without it being small in the top left of the screen as it displays alexas skills on the bottom. Pretty useless. If they update the software id give it a better review.	3	February 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can not change clock size or font. Timers do not stay on screen except a tiny display in the upper right corner. Constant prompts to try out different features- no way to shut off these prompts. Amazon hobbles decent products by not allowing customization and by constant pushes to do more and buy more. I'm about done with the Echo echo system at this point, going to go with other platform that is less pushy and controlling.	2	May 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Would like for a device this size to have some kind of battery. But I have been told this is amazons way of updating new material every time it reconnects with WiFi. Would be nice to have docking stations in different rooms and not have to reboot every time my kids move it. At this price I’m not buying one for every room.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"""Try, tell me a pirate  joke"", so zany! Are there no fart jokes?  The nation has been hoping for months.  Try this and that. I try everything day and night to avoid the hammer solution to TRY that AMZ forces down our throats to the point of suffocation.  Do you have staff that reads reviews.  The people do not want this. Fix this!"	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"I don't usually leave reviews, but Alexa pissed me off one too many times.Overall the product is of good quality. My favorite feature is when it has a carousel of videos and articles it can play. There is a caption that says ""Alexa, play this video"". When you say that, sometimes it works, other times it does its own thing. WTH!!??Look, I get that voice recognition and natural language processing is hard, but come on!! The one thing I expect to work is the queries that Amazon gives...It gets 2 stars solely because of that one very frustrating issue."	2	October 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The touch and the voice has to be repeated a little more than I would like too. It’s very fun, much better than a dot. I like the news and facts and stuff that displays. However, the wale word needs improvement. With so many Alexa built in devices it’s more complex to change and remember wake words so they all don’t talk at the same time.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Que no es compatible con todos Todos los timbres de casa y cámaras	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We were required to buy 6 of these for the special on prime day and paid way more than they are advertized for now.I want the difference back.  I feel so ripped off!	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Completely sucks that you can’t make the clock bigger on the screen. I bought it to be an alarm clock and the small clock is too tiny. My Echo 5 can do it. Why not the 8?	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Is not compatible with Ring.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Calls are always dropped.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	can't correct time! tries to sell me amazon crap	3	June 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It’s meh for me. I love all the features, if they worked properly. That daily news briefing is a pain, and I can’t make it stop. I’ve googled, gone through all of the settings (pc and app), Alexa doesn’t understand and often takes me to the wrong things, mostly when I’m listening to music. My older show works just fine, we love it, but this one is not so good - maybe we just got a rough one lol	2	May 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This echo is good if you Need a big Alarm clock.You Can't put apps on it only the one they have. and if you use silk it takes forever to load.save your money and get the tablet instead.	1	August 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We do not like the ads and suggestions constantly going across the screen. We end up shutting it off and just turning it on when we want to use it.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It seemed slow to the touch had issues with connection timeout and amazon music only shows recently played. It was ok with YouTube	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great for keep in touch and cooking. There is a reason its called a echo, as there is an echo when making voice and video calls.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This Amazon Alexa Echo is both hearing impaired and does not ever get the questions responded to correctly.  I have 2 other devices (both Amazon Dots) and if I stand next to the Echo and ask it a question, it doesn't always hear but the Dot in another room responds instead.  Additionally, if they both respond to the same question, the Echo is off and running in some wild direction that has no bearing on the original question but the Dot is spot-on.  Love the video but the dang thing is bat-crap-crazy otherwise!  Do not recommend!	2	November 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	So disappointed… continuous ads pop up when asking to play a video of something.  It delays video by a ton (sometimes there are more than one add in a row) and makes it pointless to watch the video especially if it’s to appease a toddler	2	October 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Amazon has changed the programing on Echo Show 8s so that they continuously stream Alexa Hints on screen. The Hints can't be turned off.I talked to Amazon support and their best suggestion was to turn off the screen. In other words I could make by $139 Echo Show 8 into a really big $29 Echo Dot if I didn't want to see the Alexa Hints all the time.I used to use my Echo 8 at night to stream white noise. I used to ask my Echo Show 8 about the time or weather if I woke up at night. With the new policy, even at night in a dark room bright Alexa Hints begin to stream when I ask for the time or weather.I am a dissatisfied Echo Show customerI'm not going to be upgrading my three Echo Shows because I don't want unstoppable Alexa Hints	1	May 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"First off the user interface is very clunky and does not go through menus or searches very well. Alexa almost never is able to search or play something you ask for. To get something to work the ""phrase"" has to be exact. The sound quality is fine, picture is okay and the app on the phone actually makes integration fairly easy but the Alexa is what really fails and that is the whole point of it..."	2	June 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	At first, I thought this was an absolutely great product, but 1 1/2 yrs later I have discovered that in order to add another device I have to go through customer support and they want paid to help you install a new device!!!!!!  Not gonna happen!I will not EVER buy another Alexa product again! That may even extend to Applw!After further review, save your money and get a google nest.  It installs quick, and views even quicker.	2	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Item sent with no cord.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa set up was easy.Hooking up my blink cameras has cost me 1 hour each time with Amazon customer support due to the pathetic lack of installation instruction either printed or on the web.Serious Amazon fails with customer support people that do not even know that the Blink camera serail # that you need to activate them is inside the camera with the batteries.Really Amazon you can do much better, fire the fools that told you not to include directions and only God can find the directions on your website, I failed after 2 attempts.	2	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Of the 3 Amazon show devices I now own, surprisingly this was not as easily configurable as the rest.  I am unable to get the device to properly interface with my KASA and Ring devices.  The voice commands are also not as responsive.	3	August 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Use with video cameras was prime importance. Could not accomplish and returned system.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We have Google Home and Echo Show 8.  Google Home wins hands down - provides ONLY what is asked and does not chat continuously.  If you need a companion in the form of an Echo, this will work for you.  I regret buying it.	2	October 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Eh, it's ok. I mostly got this for watching videos, but the formats are awful. There are no menus like they have on the Prime video app, and you can't search visually (you have to ask Alexa to do it, which doesn't always help me). And the worst is that if you pause something, it times out in like a minute! And you have to start all over again from the home screen, you can't just tell it to resume. Glad I got it on sale, because full price would have been a waste of money in my opinion.	2	November 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed with the sound quality.  Like so many other people have said — and I should have read the reviews before I bought it — the audio is muffled.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Don't work as good as it says. It will show the lyrics to the songs then just like it says but stops in the middle of a song showing. Have contacted the help and it says to unplug it for awhile and plug it in again, while that works for awhile then it's back to the same thing. I've done that at least 10 times and it's back to the same thing. I'm waiting for them to come with a better one or find another brand that'll work.	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I want a feature to allow the echo to design my own Home Screen. Mix it up with date, time, weather, ring security alarm status all at the same time.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Complicated for senior citizensShould specify that u can only use if the other parties has some sort of Alex devices, cell phone a plus for contact uploads ....	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have the show 5 and I can make it nearly as large as the screen but I can’t even get close to making it big with show 8. I would give five stars if I could just make clock bigger....	3	September 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No me gustó mucho xq no hace caso le tiene que hablar mucho uno para que ponga música o lo que quieras se desconecta a cada rato de la wifi	2	December 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The display is irritating.  You have limited control of the display.  I want a scrolling background scene with a small clock and temp reading - that's it.  But, what you get is.... some scrolling images with large and small clocks.  Alexa(the device) always asking you to try something new.  Try this, try that....  : (  No one wants this.  Positives:  good sound and connectivity is solid.  Amazon - please let me control my device!  Disappointed.	2	March 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	There is nothing is settings to set a screen time out or control when screen is on.  You can say 'Alexa Screen Off' and it turns off but in a few minutes it is back on again.  It comes on every time you say 'Alexa' and stays on.	3	May 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	CUMBERSOME TO GET SOME APPS TO WORK AND THE VOICE RECOGNITION IS NOT GOOD AT ALL...I HAVE TO BE RIGHT UP ON THE MICROPHONE FOR ME TO BE UNDERSTOOD	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Lyrics kept cutting off. Very frustrating. Support had me reset and problem fixed. Very important to me. Clock options not as great as my 5 but not a dealbreaker. Everything else is fine so far!	3	November 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The show 8 could be so much more but it is so dependent on Alexa's voice recognition software. I wish the touch interface was more free and not setup like a child's toy tablet. More freedom to customize settings, MAYBE ADD APPS instead of ""Alexa tell me a joke"""	3	June 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Devise works fine, just had issues trying to get video calls with my 90 year old father.  I should have set it up and sent it to him.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I was excited to get this device up and running. The display is beautiful, but the main flaw is it goes blank after awhile. I did my research online and sure is a known problem that everyone have that Amazon choose to ignore.  It really defeats the purpose why there's a screen in the first place. Second the clock is tiny on an 8"" screen. Yup it's positioned in the right corner with a small font haha! Who ever programmed this thing need to find another job. Overall I would call this thing an experimental device, a beta version to test in the market with no intention of making it better via firmware or software. Instead Amazon went ahead and released their second generation show 8 and ignoring the people that bought the first generation. I'll never buy another screen version Alexa device. Stick to the non-screen version, you'll have less headaches."	1	May 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This device failed from the setup. Be careful to make sure everything is working as it should before you wait too long. It wouldn’t respond to the wake word and camera quality between 2 show 8s was terrible. Like a bad 1980 security camera. If your gonna use this for video chat look somewhere else. I have a second one that does ok but still has poor video quality and sometimes take a loud wake word yell to activate. They say it has far field voice but sometimes won’t even activate when 3 feet away.	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Low quality sound, Alexa not understand	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	To be honest I think it is a bit underwhelming. I cannot video call anybody unless they have the Alexa app installed and allow video calls on their device.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have a echo show 5 that works very well; I opted for the show 8 thinking it would be sorta like an upgrade but it looks like its a dud. This echo show 8 does respond and do what its asked just that the whole time it sounds like Alexa is talking underwater. All the music it plays sounds like its underwater; I've unplugged the unit and power cycled which did work until the unit goes to sleep and then it happens all over again. So far everything I have tried has only had short limited success. I'm getting to the point where I just might throw this thing underwater! SOUNDS LIKE A 80's CASSETTE TAPE THAT WAS MAGNETIZED. I will play around with it a bit more then it will be sent back for REFUND!I cant find a fix for the music sounding like cr@p and unplugging the thing is an inconvenience not a solution so until it gets a software or firmware update this thing $ucks!	1	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought these units to use primarily as music/clocks in various rooms.  The Echo Show 5 has a GREAT clock/weather/date display; however, they really nerfed Echo 8; the time is in the upper corner of the screen, no date.  Still can't get rid of the ""TRY..."" feature.  Really expected an upgrade from 5 (which I own) but fell short.  Returning."	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	The voice recognition wasn’t as good on this as it is in our dots, but worse than that, it completely died after one year.	2	January 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANY OTHER ECHO SHOW!!! I’ve had two of these for years, and all of a sudden they’re displaying TV show ads in my office and in my kitchen. THERE’S NO WAY TO TURN THIS OFF. The video shows my Echo Show 5, but the same is happening to the Echo Show 8 in my kitchen.It’s not enough for Amazon that I paid good money for these, or that they’re constantly recording what you say and selling your personal data.  No, Amazon had to also turn these into digital billboards to push Rupaul’s effing Drag Race in my home.  As far as I’m concerned they just completely changed the nature of their product and ruining my private property remotely. This is grounds for a class action lawsuit.These are promptly going on eBay.  Time to switch to Google."	1	January 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	A pesar que es un buen producto en cuanto a su funcionalidad, debo advertir sobre su calidad. Al pasar un año le empezaron a salir unas líneas en la pantalla, como grietas. Estas líneas se ve que son físicas no son electrónicas. Similar a las manchas que le salen a los teléfonos cuando se mojan. Estas líneas son muy notorias cuando se muestra una imagen de color claro. Reclamé a Amazon y me dijeron que ya la garantía pasó. (1 año), así que nada que hacer. Así que si pueden renovarlo anualmente pues una buena compra, si esperan que sea un producto duradero, mejor busquen otro.	1	January 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I think they did an update that has made my Echo Show absolutely useless. The fact it never does what it says it's going to do, the menus are useless as yo don't have much options for music and video. It's just so cumbersome. Alexa quality services and integration are getting worse, not better. Thinking of dumping it all and switching to Google or Apple but I just bought the new Omni TV and so far it has not lived up to the expectations either.	1	March 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I’m really annoyed that when I’m watching the news (nbc) while cooking, if I have to leave the room and pause the news or a show, the news leaves the screen while paused and I have to start the whole thing over!! So lame.	3	July 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Maybe my expectations were too high.  I asked for this for Christmas and was really psyched to get it, but I ended up digging out my old google hub and returning Alexa. What she heard and what was said to her were often quite different and I found the Show to be overall less user friendly than my Google.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	On connecting with ring doorbell, I was expecting video to be displayed as soon as someone rings the doorbell. I got this to help my kid see who was at the door before opening. But it defeats the purpose if we have to ask alexa to show who is at the door. Google hub has this feature with its nest doorbell.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This was a present to allow cross country communication with our grandson. I can't evaluate it because it's only on once a week. I keep it off for privacy.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love this device; but it is a little cumbersome to navigate. Like if you pause a movie and come back later you have to navigate over to the movies you were playing instead of having it right there.Also the lack of Netflix is just mind blowing.For the money, i still like it; but, honestly i would not recommend it.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Due to COVID I thought it would be nice for everyone to be able to see each other and stay in touch - bought one for all the kids and us... they prefer their other devices and these are seldom used - voice recognition is terrible and instructions are seldom heard and followed - do like the pictures on home page scrolling by and music is ok in small space... mostly very disappointed - not much better or more functional than the dot except for pictures	2	March 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It sucks that I can’t listen to music on it . I can but then I have to pay more per month. Not cool. You should allow at least 2 to 3 devices on one plan	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I wanted to use the ""delete all conversations"" feature for privacy. Kept getting an "" ""I don't understand"" response.  Definitely not as accurate as my Siri's devises."	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"So you mean to tell me that this doesn't have at least a decent size clock? Love my show 5 and the ability to customize the clock, but i wanted a bigger screen so it'll be easier to see videos. I decided to ""upgrade"" to the show 8 only find out it wasn't so much of an upgrade. Why do I have to walk across the room to see the time? and NO! I don't want to keep asking Alexa for the time. I might be returning this for another device with a decent clock if they don't fix this."	2	November 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Mine died after 5 months, only 5 months. It was still under warranty so I returned it. I was sent a reconditioned unit in its place. I was told by customer service that’s all I was getting since it’s just as good and under warranty as well. Beware.	3	June 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The show 8 has very good picture quality, sound is a bit boomy, but given the design, not to be unexpected & is acceptable.  I have a number of Alexa enabled devices & this unit has two issues which are problematic for me & will likely result in its return. 1) it does not seem to understand me, which is not an issue with my other echo devices. 2) It has poor wifi connectivity range - an example is that it will not connect to my Blink Mini. All other compatible units including a Show 5 easily connect.	2	November 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Many of the apps/ skills dont work on the show although they work on my Echo.  Radio, Amazon storytime, all fail to start. Even after ten twenty minutes, even tried restating and resetting.	3	November 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Once I paired the Echo with my Fire TV it would randomly shut off the sound and picture on the TV.  I had to disconnect the bluetooth connection to regain control of my TV.  Alexa is a nice gimmick, but I turned that feature off.  Now I mainly use the weather information and to stream music from my iPhone Pandora app.It was a gift, so I'm only partially looking the gift horse in the mouth.  If I had purchased it, I would have returned it.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I really liked it but it died in 3 weeks,  going to be fixed.  Not happy, they shoould have just given me a new one after only 3 weeks.  I did not get a choice so I will hope for the best.	3	July 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought two, one for me and one for my father, who's visually impaired. Mine works fine, but without fail, my father's camera will stop working. Twice we've reset to factor settings and one time it worked and for a couple months, it was fine. The second it didn't. This is a common problem, based on the forums I've seen. It might not be such an issue, but he's 1,600 miles away from me. If I'd known, I wouldn't have gone a different route.	2	March 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like that it shows pictures snd the date and time but every yimr I try to do something g or ask a question it’s says “ sorry something went wrong”	1	September 20, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This thing gives the weather, time, outdoor temperature, and rings my cell phone when I can't find it.  Other than that, I really don't see that it's worth the money.  I can't get it to link with the smart switches that were installed by the previous owner of my home.	3	April 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The speaker isn't the best and I have to keep repeating myself . Seems so slow when you tell her a task	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this to use in the kitchen. If that is your intention, you need to know that the All Recipes Skill is utter garbage. There is absolutely no way for you to link your account so you won’t have access to your personal or saved recipes. Instead they will give you a few options to choose from. That’s useless to me. I finally figured out a way to access my personal recipes by using the web browser instead of using a skull. This would have been a minor inconvenience that I could live with except for one major issue. The Echo Show won’t play music and allow you to use the web browser at the same time. I always listen to music while cooking so this is an absolute deal breaker for me. It blows my mind that Amazon would design such a limited device as this when the top use of their devices is streaming music. This device doesn’t meet our needs in the least. I guess I will go back to using a tablet to look at my recipes while streaming music over a Dot. What a shame. I really thought Amazon was better than this. They really dropped the ball on what could have been a great device.	1	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Has good features, but the sound is awful. When you play music it sound like there is a pillow over it. I get better sound from my little echo dot then this.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This worked great till one morning I woke up and it was dead. The screen was black and would not restart or reset. Total failure of a product. Would NEVER buy again. I never really used it but it still died. Amazon did not offer refund nor help with product. I bought three other of the same from best buy for family and they all still work. I'm very pissed off. Amazon normally is good with fixing issues but not with this.	1	March 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	ordered blink cameras and this was advertised to work with the to view cameras and it works but only lets you veiw one camer and the only reason i got it was so i could see who is out setting off my cameras. and to do so. i have to wait for the cameras to load up ussually takes enough time to allow an entruder or somone to steal something enough time to do what they want and get away with it.  all it does without a problem is show stupid stuff to watch and stuff that i shouldnt eat(commercials).  dont purchase	1	January 10, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Everything is good except I can’t change the home display or the clock size.	2	February 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	So far, this has been a waste of money for me.  I bought it for the promise that I felt it held for environmental control/smart home integration and leisure for a young (tween) family member who has some limitations in physical and cognitive abilities.  It easily paired with the smart bulb that I bought and I am exploring other options, however I am having the most difficult time finding engaging skills that contain visuals for that age group.	2	March 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have the Google hub and Apple homepod  Alexa is by far the worst to play podcasts, music and even answer simple questions.  I find it very frustrating to the point I may have to get rid of the show.  It is wired to Amazon so to play an Apple podcast, you can’t teach it.  I have written Amazon and followed the directions to teach the skill and it does not work consistently.  Google Hub is my favorite	2	March 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased this to be able to receive and send audio to and from Blink cameras.  It will not send voice to Blink cameras.  I called Echo Show tech help and they said that a fix may be in the works???	3	August 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Voice commands are not intuitive and lack flexibility.  Limited integration with other devices, and difficulty as to how to setup  / using skills.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not really great for watching live TV. Amazon needs to figure out how to screen mirror this off Fire or just other devices	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have written critical responses of several Alexa devices in the past. I have returned because of the ability to ask “Alexa, what did you hear?” has really helped showcase how bad the devices are. Therefore,  am back and experiencing the following:-She hears me & blue light goes off but she decides she doesn’t want to respond. “Alexa, what did you hear?” and she says my exact question. Why did she not work?-Ask question and she is way off (this is the norm) leading to “Alexa, what did you hear?” and she says the exact question. WTF-She hears me & blue light goes off but no answer. “Alexa, what did you hear?” and she says she didn’t hear anything. Then why did the blue wake word light go off? (less frequent)-Reminders - She refuses to register DISMISS. “Alexa, what did you hear?” I heard dismiss. Then why is my reminder still there?Finally, why would you put microphones on top and then make the device tilt backwards? I cannot comprehend this design FLAW*I own the 8 and 5 show along with a flex and echo*	1	June 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have loved my echo show for almost 2 years.  I mean it was one of my favorite things.  I’ve bought it as gifts for 3 family members plus I was gifted a second one to put in my condo.  I’ve loaded hundreds of pictures to enjoy my personal slideshow through out my day.  I figured out how to control the pop-ups with certain settings.  However, in the last 2 weeks, my wonderful personal slideshow is disrupted about every 5 slides with an annoying “Alexa for your day” pop-up.  You cannot disable it in the settings.  It’s super annoying and now I just feel like my echo is a piece of junk.  I will not be telling people how awesome it is anymore. I will not buy it as a gift for anyone else.  I’m currently looking for a replacement.  I’m sure I’ll find one.	1	March 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is not even AI. Its engine is not socialist. Alexa is a straight up communist in youre home listening recording everything.  Ask Alexa about election fraud, election cheating in the US and she will not give any pertinent info. In fact she'll often mislead you on right wing issues. Ask for Rush Limbaugh Live, Radio, .com and she eventually will play an OLD pod cast in the middle that will take a while of listening before you realize its OLD news. Ask her for any CNN, left wing media, ie Rachel Madow and you'll get a selection and she'll tell how long before Rachel is on TV and list of show dates and times. Ask Alexa bout Trump and often you will get out rite lies.The phone was complex to set up for my elderly mom.I moved Alexa to different locations in the house and it is always full of static electricity with small sparks when touched so I keep it away from other equipment.	1	November 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I disagree with Amazon's design team here. I'm looking for similar features between the Echo 5 and the Echo 8. Specifically, the ability to the ""Home & Clock"" experience. This experience is present with the Echo 5.With the Echo 8, Amazon design team made a conscious design choice to **remove** this experience.This design choice (to remove a feature, just because of a larger screen by +3"") is surprising and disappointing. I'm not able to use the unit as I originally planned to do so. I consider this design choice a major defect and a regression of function, and therefore give the Echo 8 a 2-star rating."	2	July 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed bought it for my elderly mother in assisted living and she could not figure it out. I know have an Echo 8 I don’t need.  Very disappointed	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Neither impressed nor disappointed. Glad I only paid $32. Don’t get the need for a video version. Camera is also offset and makes your image off center to others...  misleading in the ads.	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	What absolutely blows my mind is that the latest version of Show (which I got for Christmas) does NOT display the date! It is always connected to the Internet, it is monitoring the date so it can provide information about appointments, etc. This is ridiculous and very disappointing! Seems like a no-brainer...c'mon Amazon...provide a patch and fix this gross oversight!!!	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This model does not work as well as my older one. It constantly cuts off and sometimes doesn’t want to connect.	3	April 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Make your wakeword Echo. Just seems better when you have to repeat it many times to get a response	1	October 23, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have many Alexa items and this one hasn’t worked to the extent that all my other devices have. And you can’t return.	2	December 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The voice recognition is not nearly as good as it is in my Echo Dots. Non-stop barrage of suggestions gets old quick. It gets things wrong a lot (eg: “what were last night’s powerball numbers” is always answered with numbers from months or years ago, whereas Dots get it right). Keeps telling me wifi is not connected, even as it is streaming music or performing other function that requires WiFi.Sound quality is good and screen works great. Sending this one back for replacement, hoping I just had a glitchy unit.	2	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I don't like the fact that you have to keep it plugged in for it to stay on. You can't freely move it from room to room without restarting it	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Every time I try to listen to iHeart Radio the music goes on and off intermittently. I never had this problem with my Echo dot.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	As a digital photo slideshow frame it leaves a lot to desire, very cumbersome to upload photos, the slideshow constantly stops and there’s no settings to control the non logical sequence.  The home settings are just as bad, regardless of the selections made the device continues to show what it wants when it wants to.  It defeats the main purpose of what I bought it for.  Very disappointed.  Voice recognition and sound is good.	2	April 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This is an annoyingly limited product.Amazon has basically sold a locked down an Fire Tablet with a better speaker and told you its a good thing.Buying a cheap tablet (this includes Amazon Tablets) with stand and a Bluetooth speaker will save you money and frustration.I WILL NEVER BUY AN ECHO SHOW AGAIN!	2	September 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I commented that the echo show I had was not great because it would not display day of the week.  I got the echo show 5 and it did. I assumed they fixed the shortfall and bought the 8......so dissapointed it doesnt have. How tough is it to do this.  I guess amazon doesnt care about customer comments....	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I’d live to be able to customize my clock like I could on my Echo Show 5 but I can’t because the functionality is no long there. The interpretation between smart looks and the Ring cams would also be nice.	3	August 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	If I can request one thing. I have bad vision and I bought this with the intention of a larger screen to double as a digital clock. The clock face is so small and even on sleep mode the clock face is just a boring black with the smallest time displayed on the corner. I would also like to have the option of flipping the display to be able to mount it under the cabinets. Otherwise it does respond and does what was intended such as showing a live feed of the front door with a smart doorbell	2	November 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Alexa still has a LONG WAY to go before it's voice recognition and information database approaches Google.  They have improved their integration with compatible smart devices but they still need to work to get all connectable devices to a ""plug and play"" level."	3	July 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Given as a gift a week ago.  And there it sits.  Can't figure out how to use anything.  I don't have a cell phone so I can's load apps.  Apparently most of what you do needs an app.  Doesn't know the answer to a lot of questions.  Shut down on me one morning and I had to start loading all my profile stuff again.  This thing is just  a gimmick for people who don't know what to do with their money.	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this to replace the echo dot in my kitchen.  At this point I'm not impressed.  I can't add to my shopping list, I can't upload my photos to use as wallpaper.  The wallpaper will not stay on the choice I made, it keeps reverting back to the default.  I've spent way to many hours messing with it...all for nothing, because I can't figure out what it's problem is!  I would not recommend this product...at least not until they figure out a way to fix the glitches.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	My 3 star review is because it never gives me what a ask for in recipes, I ask, “how to bake a potato” and it gives me different recipes to use potatoes in	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I found it to be non-user-friendly and you have to plug it in to turn it on I returned it	3	April 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The graphics are lagging behind the music when songs are played, and the screen is black.	2	February 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Its voice recognition isn't nearly as good as the echo speaker it replaced.  The screen is very limited on what it can do.  I figured I would be able to easily watch Fire TV or Zoom Video but nope.  It doesn't use the FireTV app store instead just uses alexa ""Skills"".  On top of that it sometimes bugs out and won't quit playing an audio app until I unplug it.  This is a problem that never happens on my Echo speakers."	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This was a gift.  Still can't get the damn thing to do everything it's suppose to.	3	May 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Easy initial set up. Not sure how to set up video callingthough.  Lots of ads which I am unclear how to reduce. Good picture and audio quality.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is terrible. Too much bass, even though I have the bass turned all the way down, and the treble all the way up. Very muffled to say the least. Wish I hadn't gotten it.	3	October 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Was super excited to get this product. It functions great however I am upset with the screen back light bleeding into the picture. Would be 5 stars if there wasn’t this issue.	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this thinking I can connect to my mom on her Echo show, like facetime . But you have to be under the same account, you cant just add her contact and do it. it does show lyrics to songs which my daughter likes, but thats about it. my echo dot was fine , disappointed with the advertising on this product thinking you can just connect with anyone that is in your contact list and has an echo show,	2	March 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s good for timer, alarm, reminders, weather forecast and amazon music. Can’t watch youtube or any movies... It’s not much useful.	3	April 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am using an iPhone and chrome. The lack of mirror or chromecast  limits this device too nothing more than a pro·pri·e·tar·y. Even you have to accept that what would be normal is now called a skill and not compatible with amazon. The only thing I like is the voice rec works for me faster than google atm. If ab amazon focused user perhaps this might work. the app conformity over different os is troublesome (ease of use). Hardware show is bulky and sturdy.	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I have to preference this by saying I own several echo and fire devices, have little issues and been quite happy with all of them, with the exception of this Echo Show 8. It has been been absolutely terrible. It consistently will not recognize simple directives when it comes to streaming. For example, I will instruct it to play NPR, which it does fine, but when it comes to stop it, almost nothing works. I will say ""Alexa stop NPR"", to which it will reply ""I can't to that right now"" with the screen stating ""Try, exit NPR"" so I do, still does not work, finally I found that telling Alex to ""Exit all streaming"" will work, maybe, 50% of the time- the other half I just have to unplug the dang thing.This happens constantly to the point I have just given up and unplugged the unit permanently."	1	May 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I HATE THE ROTATING ‘TRY “ALEXA, WHAT’S THE UV INDEX/WEATHER/NEWS STORY/MOVIES WITH EMMA WATSON”’. The rest of the device is great so far, but I HATE that you can’t take that off! I’m seriously debating returning this because of it. I’ve done diligent research, and it is not removable.	3	April 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It would be helpful to have a better instruction manual. We are still trying to figure out how to make a call with it.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I had the original echo show for years and love it. Decided to put it in my office at work and upgrade to the 8 for home. First one stopped doing what it is supposed to, would as it questions and the screen would go black, answer only given audibly. Would ask if to show me a video or recipe they was being promoted and nothing. When playing Amazon music, nothing would show on screen. Spoke with customer service and tried restarting, etc and still did not work. So exchanged it. New one worked properly at first but now won’t even show the wallpaper I have selected. Sometimes it responds when I ask about something being promoted, sometimes not. It’s been known to take 5 - 10 minutes to do that when I ask. My internet is fine. Just don’t think it was worth it. The original is still doing everything it is supposed to.	1	April 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I would like it to show my family recipes. I can only get the ones online. I have to use mt iPad for my other recipes	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It worked great the first month but now freezes up and the sound is weird at times.  Have to reset it a lot	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is good, sound quality is very good. I have this in my kitchen so my wife and I can watch video while working in the kitchen. To my surprise it does not support the same video apps that the fire tablets do. I have a 10.1 inch amazon tablet that  I can also put in show mode. I am not sure I have a need to keep this if I can't watch the same video as I do on my tablet.	2	February 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It's pretty good. Lots of things it cannot do, but it handles Amazon products well. Operating Disney plus on the fire stick is near impossible; Netflix and Prime Video work pretty well. I bought it mainly to work as a screen for Ring Doorbell. I need to figure out how to get a notification when the doorbell rings.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the screen and the sound quality, however it doesn’t recognize voice commands very well. We ended up replacing it with a Echo Dot. The Dots Voice recognition is just better.	3	November 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I wanted a way to show recipes without the screen changing until I needed it to.  It does that.  Don't know of anyone that has one so the video call is pointless.  Would like to make us eo f that some day.  Needs more apps.  Photo show is good.	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Glitches, when requesting to turn on or off lights or even sending messages / intervene into another Alexa in different room	3	April 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"If you're looking for a full-featured smart screen/speaker, look elsewhere. This does not have the features that the 15"" screen has, inexplicably; the home screen is laughably inadequate and customization options are next to nothing. Even if you turn off most of the features/skills/whatever, it will still give you unsolicited ""tips"" and spam you to use other products and services. You're paying Amazon to show you commercials."	1	May 5, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Decent product, but in two months it has had issues where we have to unplug it so it resets.  It also disconnects from WiFi occasionally.  It is by far the least reliable Alexa product we have in the house.  We call Amazon and they say to unplug it and reset it, which is getting old.	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not adequate instructions.  Cannot send/receive video.  Disappointed at complexity.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Pros: its well designed, great display and the speakers are amazing.Cons: Voice recognition is not as good as my first gen echo making it difficult to find books and music. Amazon Music App can't stream to the Echo show without error and the clock is way too small.Overall its great aesthetically but the software needs work.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	The Alexa part works as expected but the visual end is a balls-ache. Not impressed since I cannot download apps or surf web easily. Need to “trick” software to surf the web.  Amazon needs to get an App Store to use with the show. Also the show needs a passcode lock to keep children or unwanted strangers off the screen. Poor software and lack of lock deems this being poorest gadget buy I have made in a long time.  I will not be buying another as I planned!	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I can not get it to hook up to drop in. It tells me every time you only can call devices in your home. I need help.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Says it’s compatible with Netflix and YouTube. It is not, but If you want a kindle that plays good music. Then thats what it basically is. What’s up with the camera on the side, didn’t they learn from people’s complaints on echo show 5. Also why do people have to jump through hoops and navigate all over the web to find someone to guide them so the annoying suggestions get removed from lower part of the screen.  Stop making it so difficult for people to remove your advertising. We already purchased the item, stop using it to try to sell your stuff, its not right. Instead of teaching alexa to tell new jokes, teach it to understand common requests. Still needs work and if you have a kindle 7 or 8, use it instead.	2	December 10, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Great sound but the video doesn’t work all the time. Ex - play the news and it goes to radio news vs playing the tv news.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The bottom plate with Amazon logo was missing from this Echo show.  Without this plate, the Echo Show will not stick to the stands which hold Echo with magnets.We noticed it only after we purchased a stand for this Echo Show, same stand that we have used very successfully with another Echo Show.We reported the problem to Amazon.  Amazon refused to repair or replace Echo Show because it was little past warranty period.  Very disappointing.	2	February 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this strictly for my music. Hoped I could play my itunes and media player music playlists. Find out I need to download Alexa app and/or Amazon music. Have not been able to get them downloaded (have no idea why) I feel like an idiot talking to an inanimate object to play one song at a time. Quite often that little lady inside that box gets an attitude and plays something totally different. Voice recognition not bad but not so good either.  itunes and Apple in general are a royal pain in the ass and I was hoping this would be my saviour. Anyone who needs such an item to organize their lives using this item to make grocery lists, appointment reminders etc is a moron who might as well go ahead and just shoot themselves. If some one could tell me why the app will not download so I can use itfor what I thought it could do I would appreciate it.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It cuts out in the middle of a song or continues to repeat I’m having difficulty connecting. Will keep trying (but never does)	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Meh, it’s ok. My life is no better or worse with it. Sometimes I buy technology just because it’s newer technology, and this is one of those purchases. I probably like the echoes better just because I can make them cordless by putting a battery on them and taking them outside. Would  I do this all over again?  No.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Communication with husband in his mancave!	3	June 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	After the 30 days of ownership I started having issues with the sound quality requiring me to disconnect this product to allow it to reboot. Now I must reboot twice a week. I understand why Sound quality is one of the rating questions. Just another mystery Amazon needs to clear up.	3	March 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Unhappy with the fact that echo 8 unlike my echo 5 shuts down after several minutes. does not have anyway to stop this. Have photos set on continuous roll but that's no good if the unit shuts down. Had I known about this being the case I would not have purchased the item. My echo show 5 works great and does not have this problem. I do not like returning items so this will be given to a family member.	2	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like the thing. Weird that it doesn’t know it has a clock face to customize like the echo show 5?  And I can’t turn off the “Try this” Alexa hints?  Both Echo Show 8 or Fire TV won’t play my Vudu TV shows, yet will play an Apple TV show?  Come on... Amazon can do better.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Overall ok.  Alexa Echo Dot can receive and capture lists of item yet the show can lot.  Have to acknowledge Alexa before each item when adding multiple items to my Things-2-Do, Shopping,  Etc  list....	3	September 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Did not like the product. Too heavy. Not easy to use.	2	March 2, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Trying to decide if I should return it. Wish the screen saver would switch to black screen, especially at night. Requesting specific shows is difficult. Touchscreen shows fingerprints.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this product to work with the Blink XT2 camera. It works well, but does not support the 2-way audio with the camera. That was a major feature I wanted when I bought the Echo Show device.	3	September 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Initially, I purchased the disc and found the sound to be muffled.  I returned it and purchased the echo 8. Same thing-Sound sucks-If the TV or music is playing I can't understand anything Alexa is saying.Pls improve the quality of the sound and let us adjust the bass and treble.	3	March 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Guess I really thought it would do more.  It does not integrate with Netflix and my wife’s cooking shows are there.  It really doesn’t do much of anything useful other that being another echo dot with a screen.  I thought it would be more like a fire tv and be able to look up shows and make recommendations.  Every room in my house has a echo and remote switches, locks, cameras etc.  this was just a disappointment.  Paying 25 for a stand was a bit much too, it should come with one considering this is for the kitchen counter mostly.  The cooking channel is willfully light on cooking shows.  Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsey would be disappointed....	2	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Not as good as the smaller echo’s as far as performance and shuts down on its own while playing music after short time.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I traded in echo for echo show thinking was better IS NOT i called support to day HELPLESS lights dont come on as well as no sound when announcing a delivery or house guarding or whatever like the echo where you have a sound and light stay on till you ask ALEXA WHATS MY NOTIFICATION ? here only show the writing if you are not close you miss and you dont know anything since they didnt help and this is the case whats next???????? Getting worst Yesterday i had smoke alarl went off 3 times echo show 8 located few feet from stove and about 5 feet from smoke alarm ECHO SHOW 8 NEVER WAKE UP is the feature really working ??? i dont think so !!	2	February 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I received this as a Christmas gift and thought WOW how great. But the truth is Alexa is not cooperative and lacks information	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	You have to practically yell at it, and it would be nice if we could have a full screen clock like the echo show 5, now for the sound quality this thing nicks it out of the water!!	3	August 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Music sounded horrible after 6 months, I tried the sound settings but nothing. I put another device on the same channel and it worked fine	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Got this thinking it would work with new Blink cameras, but what good is it when it won't show video or warning when cameras are motion-activated. Amazon says the Echo Show and the Blink software doesn't allow that. That renders it useless. And the Try ""Alexa"" suggestions that CONSTANTLY appear across the screen are driving me batty. There's no way to stop them, it just makes me want to take EVERY Alexa device in my house and throw them into the garbage bin. I should've listened to the other reviewers. That Try ""Alexa"" thing is like living in The Twilight Zone...it just won't stop, it keeps coming after you. I'll give Amazon one week to fix that...give me a way to turn it off, and if not...then I'll be sending this thing back."	2	December 19, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"I have this unit in my kitchen. We use it mainly for music and the Ring doorbell. The smartness of the speaker is terrible, never understands simple commands like "" Alexa volume 3 "". Will start to play music and 3 songs later just stops playing. It does this all day. Unfortunately Ring doesn't work with well with Google nest or I'd switch. I don't want to switch my Ring cameras as they work fantastic."	2	March 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Photos don't load and delete as supposed to.  I have to unplug to reset.	3	April 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Has the standard Alexa/Show functionality - as you would expect - and they work fine.BUT:- The screen continues to rotate thru  Echo ""Try ..."" prompts ,even with all settings disabled. Terribly annoying.- Was hoping to make this a big Clock - like you can with the Show 5 - NOPE.  - The clock has fewer options  - The clock digits are actually smaller than the Show 5.End of the day, if you just want this to be a clock, you end up with a smallish clock in the upper left corner of the display and continually rotating ""Try ..."" prompts at the screen bottom. Big dissapointment."	2	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased this device for a disabled family member to be able to verbally call friends and family as needed. Then realized it needed Wi-Fi to run so we had to get them Wi-Fi set up (additional monthly cost for this). Then realized that we can’t set up contacts on this device without a smartphone as they need to download contacts through the Alexa app. Seems like a great product but needs an option to manually add contacts to be available to a wider audience.	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We always have to speak louder and louder to get the echo show to work. I had the older version and never had this problem. I regretting upgrading.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Worked good for about a year. Then the speaker went out. Now it’s only playing treble. Otherwise it worked good.	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t like that you still have to be on one spot. The camera doesn’t move. Also only compatible with others with the same device	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Cuando pongo algunas app el echo show se apaga y se pone la pantalla oscura 😒	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I actually bought this to replace a clock that I have on a shelf.  I was tired of the time always being wrong, so I thought a Smart Clock would take care of that annoyance.I was given several options of the background picture, but the clock numbers are very small.You’d think that there would be a way to have a full screen clock, but unfortunately I was unable to find a setting or a skill for that.  After researching the issue, I found that many other people felt the same way.I’m also on the ‘get rid of the Try Alexa banner on the bottom’ bandwagon.I’m generally happy with Amazon in general, and its products in particular, so I’m hoping that leaving a one star review might get someone’s attention so that they can do a simple software update to make this happen.	1	March 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It good to have. However, be careful when speaking to it about music. It is not free, you need to watch out for subscription and cancel out.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am a blind customer and ever since I turned on voice view, now the dang thing will not shut up.  it repeats the time, temperature, every minute or so repeatedly, and I can’t get the darn thing to shut up. I have it on do not disturb, I’ve tried everything I could think of to get Alexa to shut up, but she still keeps babbling on and on and on and on and on. I don’t have this problem with the dot or the regular echo, but the echo show I’m telling you will not be quiet. You hear her talking the entire night and all day long.  Amazon really needs to do something about that. I’m about ready to take the thing and throw it out the window.	1	September 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	1 from I buy some Amazon it is not working Call Bud them to send me the address to send it back and they did not is not working they were trying to get it to work and I know it wasn’t working and it did not send the Address to send it back	1	June 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Compared to my dot, I almost have to shout at my show. Aside from having to return a bad first unit, I have not had the problem of screen bleed (or not working). The sound on this is too much bass and misses the high note. I like the skills and apps but hate the Alexa Try This.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Would be a great product if the WiFi didn’t drop all the time. My phone is next to it and I have WiFi on my phone but the echo show has an orange bar and I can’t use it. It’s a daily occurrence, MORE than once a day. I reached out to tech support and the man I spoke to told me to do a reset. I did. It didn’t help	2	May 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It doesn't interpret voices nearly as well as their other products. It's frustrating. It listens & nothing or it says something completely different. It also cuts off the first part of an announcement sometimes.	3	September 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I loved his device at first, but after one month, the Hulu capabilities quit working. Each time I tried to stream an episode of my favorite show, I got the ‘playback failure’ error. I then tried to stream it on prime for a while, and after one day got the playback failure error. One of the main reasons I got the echo show was so I could watch my shows and cook/do laundry at the same time.. and that seems to be impossible right now. I have fiber network and I’ve tried all of the q&a suggestions... my internet speed is fast enough. Regardless, I tried the Ethernet port.. still got the same error. Please, please update the software because I would love to love this product	2	January 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I have had the product 14  hours and it's going back. Too many times I've heard ""I don't know the answer"" or ""that function is not supported"". I would have bought the Google Nest but Amazon doesn't sell it. That's too bad because I had to order one at another retailer. I am looking for a full feature assistant, not one with limited features. The Google ecosystem I feel will be much more accommodating than the Echo. Amazon's  4K Firestick is wonderful but their Echo devices are garbage. I purchased the Show 8 and Show 5 and Mr. UPS will be picking them up today. You have been warned."	2	June 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Ads for Amazon movies, ""try this new feature"", ""review past purchases"". All this nonsense and more is constantly appearing  and can't be turned off. And it's becoming more frequent. I don't care about my horoscope or motivational messages or any other useless garbage Amazon thinks I need. I want exactly what I want and nothing more which shouldn't be too much to ask on a device that I purchased. I'm anticipating that within a year or two I will be inundated with so much spam that I will need to get rid of the Show and go back to a dot. I strongly advise against buying an Echo Show."	1	December 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like the sound and using it ,but what I don’t like I can’t watch any live video and I can’t download any new apps. Can't watch Netflix and any other app. If they improve that , lm willing to give it a good rating.	3	May 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Good sound quality, but it I have to frequently say things three times or more before they register. I am kind of disappointed because I was hoping to resolve this issue with the newer version of Alexa.	3	August 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I'm glad I got this on sale. Definitely don't think this is anything special for the price.Plus now my kids think it's just for watching YouTube. 😒	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was looking forward to having Alexa because all my friends have one and they absolutely love their‘s. I am on the other hand do not get any of what they have on their Alexa. I wanted echo show  so I could  look up recipes. I don’t know what I’m doing wrong but I have yet to get a recipe. She says she can’t help me with that. Need help bad cook with kids. 😂	2	March 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	it was good to try but not as i was expecting, the integration with ring door did not work very well since i could not see the camera on the screen, it will time out every-time i try to ask to see the camera, but i can see it on the phone.	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Actually disappointed with it except for sound quality. Voice recognition is very spotty and glitches quite often. My echo spot works much better.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Dropped connection and had to re-set with my phone and voice.  The Echo speaker I had never had any problems like that	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Este producto no se si me lo vendieron malo pero es muy lento y se cuelga, tengo un echo Spot hace más de dos años y es mucho mejor que este, no se si devolverlo le pido que ponga un vídeo o una canción y tarda horas y a veces se queda colgada y me toca desconectarla para que vuelva en si… 🤨😒	2	July 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My one complaint is that she always says she's having trouble and tp check back in a little while. I have to reconnect my phone constantly.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This device is pretty much good for communicating with others, controlling smart home devices and asking simple questions. You can’t really play music or listen to videos or books from it because the sound quality is poor when turned to a higher volume.	3	June 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Echo Show 8 does not always work reliably with Hulu.  I typically have to repeat the command, ""Alexa, play Fox Business on Hulu,"" 4 or 5 times before it finally connects.  If you try to use the touch screen to reach a network, you'll find only the first 14 Hulu networks displayed.  Amazon helps solution, ""Unplug your device for 30 seconds and restart,"" did not work.  The last time I posted a negative review because of Echo Show 8's problems with Hulu, Amazon refused to post it.  They won't fix the problem and they won't let you warn others."	1	December 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This echo show is fine, but I was expecting make video call with all my contacts using any of the recognized application like whatsapp, facetime, etc .	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Too often the new echo show does not understand what I am saying. Whereas the other echoes did fine. Plus the show will shut off halfway through a song. Not pleased	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not what I expected.  I thought I could video chat from one echo to another.  Either I am doing it wrong or its not possible.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It couldn't answer simple questions! Hard for an elderly person like me to setup!Pro: it shows the weather and plays music! I got this turking bear which is funny! Plan to have it control lights and maybe a security camera!	3	July 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Haven't had it very long and I hope it does more than what I'm currently using it for	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought several... we've already given away all but two. They're... annoying. They rarely actually understand anyone in the family, and require arcane phrases to get to do what you'd like. I just don't have much positive to say about them. I feel like I bought several budget android phones and left them laying all over the house.	1	May 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn’t show song titles or artists. Very unhappy about this.	3	May 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It seems Alexa's search engine isn't very large. Many times I have asked a question, Alexa is unable to answer it. However, Google on my phone retrieves the answer immediately. Alex also is only partially pair to my alarm system. I can see my cameras, but cannot lock doors or activate/deactivate the through Alexa.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Looses wifi connection even when it sits next to the wifi router. Sound is good. 50%of the time doesn’t understand my question. I would not recommend this to my friends.	3	October 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Had this for almost 3 years and it blacked out on me 2 times. Very disappointed with this product. Also the 1 st one , the sound was muffled and didn’t sound good at all	1	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I love the hands free but have difficulty finding exactly what I want on the internet. I wish there were a keypad accessible.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like how big the screen is. I don’t really like the fact that people can use Netflix or Hulu on it	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The only reason I gave this product 3 stars is because it does not allow to change the Clock face as the spot an show 5	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I love the my echo show for playing music, but the purpose of me buying it is to video call with my family.  Honestly it did not meet my need when it came to that. The camera sucks ! You have to buy a stand (for an additional fee ) to try and tilt the camera down so your caller can see you. But the stands are crappy and only tilt down but so much.	2	February 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"If asked to play spotify or pandora alexa says ""cannot play music at this time"" if asked to show a world map it says ""um, i'm having trouble with that request.""  It will take pictures and call others with an amazon echo show, but at this point it is more of a glorified digital picture frame."	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Cool device nothing special.. I don't understand why u can't download any apps from google play	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition and commands do not function as well as with other Echo products (including a first generation	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t know about this one . And I don’t know house to use it ..	3	April 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Lots of bugs. Food Network app is really bad, not intuitive at all. Streams work well.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This device is not consistent.  I have to continuously unplug and restart before making a call.  Afterwards it does not .  respond to any more commands, even simple ones when asking Alexsa the weather.	3	August 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I'm so very disappointed. If you're planning to use the Echo to display your own personal recipes save your money. This will only display recipes from a handful of sites. There's absolutely no way to access your own personal collection of recipes. I really wanted to love this but we decided to send it back. Hopefully they'll give it this feature in the future. I'm totally willing to give it another chance but for now I'm sending it back.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not that impressed. Haven’t figured out how to update the photo slides to only show ones I want to see.  Song Quiz isn’t quite up to par yet.	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I received this as a gift, but have yet to find any use of value for it.  I would rather have a dog.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Microphones are not s sensitive as my Echo dot. Night clock brightness too low. Can't adjust.Its nice but Amazon needs to sweat some details	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Because of my profession, I have years of practicing speaking clearly, but Alexa will still not respond as asked. I will ask to play a movie that's on the screen, from prime, and she will give me results from Bing about two words from the five word movie title. She will keep repeating the same phrase over and over. If I ask her for the same thing I ask every day, such as playing NPR, every third time she'll play something different. Very disappointing tech. Very poor quality. It's just a huge advertising machine for Amazon in your house. Even though I did the recommended reset to fix the tech problems, it quit working a few days after the warranty ended.	1	November 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It doesn't link up well with non amazon formats. Ex android or appleHas limited apps to add easily not even facebook	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"It's still considered a ""new"" item in our house. Maybe with more experience, we may be able to appreciate more features.Thanks."	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Poor integration with Apple iPhone and Samsung smart tv	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Pros:Easy setupSyncing/integrationDisplayCons:Defect - stactic from one speakerNot battery powered	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Cannot understand Alexa due to hearing problems.  Even with hearing aids I don't understand half what Alexa says.I can understand Google Home's male voice without my hearing aids  Alexa needs and Alex.	3	August 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Will not play radio, music or answer questions from the unit.  It plays in the add on speakers in other rooms.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I’ve never had an echo show before, but I’ve had plenty of echoes, but this one is beautiful in appearance, bright beautiful screen that has so many options, but the one detractor that is ruining the device is the constant rotation of “try this“ over and over and over again. Ruining the device for so many Amazon customers. This feature needs to have an option to turn off for this product to be a five-star product.  Also there are no options for different clocks to rotate, just whatever the default is set by Amazon. There should be options like an Apple Watch that you can pick different time themes to your taste. That’s another detraction. Fix these issues and you will make many happy Amazon customers!	2	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"Bluetooth is not adequate enough ( Amazon used cheap Bluetooth chip)  it cuts off strong base of songs. I don't have the same issue with other devices that connect to my sound bar only echo. I was mainly using it as a modern"" stereo system and picture frame but I don't feel comfortable using it as a music hub anymore. Just a smart picture frame now. And it can't automatically show you camera view for ring when someone rings bell. That should be the main thing it should be able to do!"	2	September 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Clock and Date suck!  I bought this to replace alarm clock next to bed and the clock is in the corner to small to see with no option to fill screen.  Shame.  Probably will return it and buy the less expensive 5.	3	May 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I LOVE MY SHOW ITS PERFECT I JUST WISH YOU COULD DOWNLOAD A COUPLE APPS ON IT	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My wife and I have worked in the entertainment business our entire working careers. We have music on 24 7 the Echo 8 is a good sounding unit.	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon Alexa is a great concept and a fun system to have.  We currently own three Echo Dots and have given away many more as gifts.  We got a Show 5 for Christmas which we decided to trade in for a Show 8 with a slightly larger screen and hopefully better audio fidelity.  Its primary use is as a bedside clock with a secondary purpose of  monitoring the Ring doorbell.  When I set up the Show 8, I could not find any way to adjust the clock to full size digits like the Show 5.  AND the sound quality was NOT any better than the Show 5.  So I returned the 8 and kept the 5.	2	January 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this on a trade-in deal and it was well worth it. I traded in my first gen echo for the show 8. Better quality sounds, more features, easy to use.	3	September 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	You really have to emphasize “AL” in Alexa or it will ignore you. There have been a couple times that I have had to yell at it from three feet away for it to recognize me.  Doesn’t even seem to work nearly as well as the Dot as far as voice recognition.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No me gusto lo devolvi a su tienda.	3	May 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have the echo 8.  Not any better than an echo dot just that you can see a nice screen that tells you 'I dont know that'.  A lot of the commands are not very intuitive.  The display does not dim on its own.  You need to tell it to go to home screen and then turn off display.  It gets annoying. My biggest pet peeve is that I need a cell phone for it to get my contacts list.  I dont have a cell phone because of being in a rural area and no cell service.  I dont need an electronic leash, so I dont have one.  renders most 'features' UN-usable.  No voice calls, No video calls, only drop ins.  There are many 'little' procedural issues they could clean up and make much easier.  My son has a google assistant and loves it  I am returning this and trying google.	1	November 3, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Not loud enough!!! Only workwhen is plugged to outlet, can't take it anywhere.  Price is not really worth it..	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Had a Spot by our bedside for several years, never satisfied w/ the very small screen size or poor speaker. We added a better-quality bluetooth speaker but it was too much clutter on bedstand. Several weeks back, Amazon offered a very small credit  trade-in so we purchased the Show 8. Screen size would have been perfect, but unlike Spot & other Show models there was no way to change the clock face display, so the numbers were very small & unreadable for my wife & I. We returned it for credit (not a good experience) & eventually got a Show 5....which is PERFECT for us! Price has dropped in the 10 days since we purchased, darn.	2	March 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I am unable to hear anything when I am logged into facebook live.  I can see the video, but i'm not hearing anything.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Does a nice job of displaying photos from Amazon's cloud service.  Does a better job than an Echo Dot at voice recognition.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We purchased these for family members that don’t live nearby. We still can’t video call. It’s surprisingly challenging and frustrating. Really disappointed.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We cannot get the new Alexa to print our shopping list!  Why is this and how do we get it fixed?	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I do not understand why there is no option to change the clock faces. I have not see such a retrogressive step in the product engineering.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Got this as a gift for Christmas.  Everything works except for Netflix.  Called customer service and they were no help.	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"It was ok and I love the idea of a screen option to interact with my smart home devices, but the screen image was not so impressive. I also own a ""G"" nest hub and the screen image on it is awesome. My biggest complaint with the show 8 was the constant Alexa dialog at the bottom of the screen (""Try Alexa this, Try Alexa that). I like the idea of a video hub offering the option for a backlit photo frame that shuffles photos of my choice, but the never ending dialog at the bottom of the show 8 screen ruins that for me. That was my main reason for returning it. I wish it was optional to shut that off. I would have kept it."	2	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I have an Alexa spot which is great, and reacts appropriately.  This thing?  Each time I ask it to show me the video, it goes blank, shows nothing and takes about 20 minutes to return to the regular screen, or doesn't return at all and requires a restart.  No video plays after asking and am wondering if it's a device flaw as I have a fiber high speed connection so it's not that.  May send back if I can't figure this out.	2	November 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Does not discover devices	3	June 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Thousands of customers saying for years: Alexa, I don't want any ""Things to Try"". Nobody hears them! Even more, when I look at the screen after the latest update, I see ""Alexa for your day"" instead of watching my slide-show!Why Amazon delivers mandatory advertisements on the unit I payed for and forces me to watch them? It was not a part of agreement. The product description does not say that you will have to watch those things!I used to watched nice pictures for relaxation because I have a high blood pressure. Now, these ""improvements"" are making me nervous and my blood pressure is going up.Amazon, listen to your customers! How much effort it should take to implement this bloody check-box in the settings to disable ""Things to try"", ""Alexa of your day"" and other things that may harm customers health?"	1	March 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I wanted to use this in the kitchen for recipes. I couldn’t figure out how to get YouTube. Set up was difficult. Initially I was able to get a radio station. Then it just kept saying something went wrong, so I gave up on the whole thing for now.	1	July 5, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Can't use my home made cloud with out having to use amazon cloud which uses my data limit.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Need voice recognition able to adopt to people with accent (by learning?)Need to add handwriting or other language inputBetter integration with Amazon products, ie Blink cameras	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	there is a design flaw on this product. There is no way to adjust the screen or the camera angle therefore it’s always pointing to the ceiling, you have to either stand up or tilted It down manually in order to center your face on the screen. it is very annoying.	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought to FaceTime child from phone. Possible but very difficult as calling rings all devices in house.	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The prior generation was better. I find myself repeating myself on voice commands. A little disappointed since I was expecting an improvement.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	As a family that has an Echo in every room, fire tv on all LCDs, and generally love Amazon the Show is the worst device we have bought at Amazon.  The voice recognition is horrible and not as intuitive as the simpler Echo devices.  You have to repeat things many times and a lot of the time the voice goes unrecognized.  We never had this happen with other Amazon devices.  The price was the enticer and a screen to watch recipes/movies while cooking.  Unfortunately, the price was the only good thing about the purchase.  I had such high hopes for this device.  Maybe it will get better over time.	2	February 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Ordered it to get a larger clock for my space. Turns out, there is no way to have it just be a clock like the echo show 5	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Seems like these big retailers just can't help themselves when it comes to selling you something that just keeps on playing advertising of some sort trying to further enrich themselves.  Luckily I bought these two 8's to show my Wyze cameras.  At first they timed out after about ten minutes, but now for whatever reason, they stay on showing the camera view I need.  In that respect, they work fine.  If I had bought them to ask questions of, I would have been unimpressed.	2	October 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Using this to watch Hulu is majorly frustrating!!!!!! It never remmbers where you left off, it can't play the episode you specify and keep skipping episodes! and there is only the voice search feature so you can't bypass anything.	2	October 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is sub-par since it seems to have far too much “bass” and less “treble”.  What’s frustrating is that I’ve not been able to figure how to adjust the sound - assuming that it is possible.  My review would be much more favorable if such sound adjustments are engineered	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	have not been able to connect calls in or out  Purpose to connect with family face to face !!!!	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	As the title says, it is ridiculous that you can't display a large clock/weather/etc on the Home Screen.  I would have bought another of these for my bedroom, but the clock/temp is so small I can't even see it without my glasses.  Instead I keep with the Echo 5 which does have that option (although I too wish there was an even bigger option).  When I first bought the Echo 8 I thought it was just an oversight, but here 2+ years later - nope.	1	January 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The product is as expected it, but there is something amiss with the package: the seal is broken. I assume it's a returned product. Even though it's just an open box, it cannot be sold as new.  I would like to return it. I waited 20 days to have it. Let's be serious!	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	On my 3rd one of these now, with the first two having the same sound quality issues. When playing music it will sometimes distort and sound as though there is a short. You jiggle the cord and you can get it to stop, but it returns.I really want it to work as I like the screen and to complements the other echos in the house, however I think there is a flaw to these.	2	January 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was asking music and no problem the next day I was asking the same and brought me another person and we were like stop and asking and again and again	3	September 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Does most of what you would expect such as voice commands for information, turning on lights, etc.  Biggest negative is you cannot pair with Echo Show 5 in another room to play the same music at the same time.  You are given a procedure to do so but does not work.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I just wanted to use this as kind of a “remote” to use all the smart devices in my home, and see who’s at the door (via Ring).However, the interface is so complex and clunky. Would like to have any guest at my home to be able to adjust lights etc, but it’s very complicated to do. Each light is listed horizontally and you scroll through every single thing connected to turn on/off. I’m better off getting an iPad and mounting it on a stand.IoT has so many companies, some aren’t supported by Alexa / others aren’t supported by Google Assistant.Looks like the main feature of this device is to video chat - but I would never trust Amazon to talk over (privacy and recording my audio / video). So for another reason  — to use as a smart home remote, it does not work.	1	January 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this cause I saw I could stream my favorites such as Netflix and Hulu but now it doesn't actually play what I want. Programs load but when you try to actually PLAY something, it just gives you errors or you see a blank screen for about 3 seconds and then it goes back to the list instead of playing what you chose and it also doesn't even have the wallpapers loaded you choose anymore just a constant green blank background with the clock showing. Wound up being a waste of money to buy. Threw device away after resetting system so it's not linked to my account.	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	When place it on the table, the camera pointed at the ceiling.Accessories for under cabinet mounted is non-existing.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"My daughter purchased this for us as a Christmas gift.  I wish I kept the box because I would return it.  I have many echos in my home.  The show seems like a pumped up speaker and that's about it.  You can only watch Prime video and a couple other apps, none of which I have.  You cannot connect to any TV.  Sling and Netflix are both not able to be accessed on the Show.  I really do not understand why this would be.  I have 5 firesticks in my house,  another ""Alexa"" device.  I use Netflix and Sling on these all the time.  Why would you not be able to access the same apps on the Echo Show.  Even accessing a browser is crazy.  My kids figured it out.  If I say Alexa watch Youtube, then a browser will open up and I can access the internet.  If you ask for a browser, she tells you it's not available.  I don't need a video screen to listen to music.  This seems like the best use of it."	1	January 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Could not display large clock as Echo Show does. This is one of the most important features I use with Echo Show 5. Huge disappointment to me.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Our first two echo shows failed.  One by forever looping in a “optimizing” mode and not connecting to the wifi if it ever did stop “optimizing”This will be our last echo show if this one fails as wellAMAZON you need much better product development and quality control.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Has trouble connecting with devices. Even when I’m right next to it, the echo in  other room has an easier time hearing my voice. Was a mistake to buy it.	3	September 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Microphone not as sensitive as the original round ones. You have to be close to it and talk loud for it to understand you	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It is very good to purchase but  kinda limited to certain apps	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Overall, we like the device.  Integrates well.  Sound quality not great and pictures scroll a little quickly.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this for ring.  Would like to have more access to myu front door.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The volume on this unit does not work as designed; my alarms do not come on when they should (nor do they come on loudly if they do.)	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Touch screen response not great. With advanced technologies in touch screen, the Show is slow to respond.Integration with multiple family members and accounts is not simple. Adding pictures to family vault can be cumbersome with multiple accounts. Contact integration for multiple accounts not easily integrated.	3	March 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I really wanted to like this device but it is not as simple to use like they say it should. Trying to make a group video call is a nightmare. We have to make sure it is set up correctly somehow so all of the groups show up in the video. I purchased three of them to communicate with my family and I am only able to connect with two of them instead of connecting with six as it should. Video quality is very disappointing.  The device should notify you when you get inbound calls. As of now, tech people have not been able to resolve this.  this is my fourth call.If you are using it for music and help with Alexa, this is fine. However, for family video calls you will be disappointed.	1	May 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I’m a senior not into a lot of technology. However, a nice thoughtful Christmas presents from our children.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I wanted to love this. I wanted to be able to have Alexa show me YouTube and Amazon music videos while I work or clean, but all I ever get is an error message; despite repeated soft resets, it still won't work. Basically, this is just an expensive echo with with a screensaver.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Not had Alexia long enough to form that opinion of like or dislike.In time will though.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"The most annoying ""feature"" is the constant bombardment of ""Try this"" tips and pop up cards.  I've tried to dismiss these from the setting menu to no avail.  It does make a good hub for managing smart home device, but at the cost of being pinged by cards with irrelevant information."	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa frequently says it is have trouble and when she does answer a request  she plays whatever she likes on repeat rather then what I request.  It worked well for about a week and half and after that it stopped.	1	August 4, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The sound is amazing, picked this one over the regular 10in just because of that. Being a screen, it needs more premium video capabilities, as of now just a fancy echo dot. But once it has YouTube, Netflix and all other popular video apps, it will be a 5 star without a question.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I have every Echo device from Dots to Show 8.  This one is a big disappointment.  The thing just stopped operating, little by little, just after a year. First, it responded only when it wanted.  Then the most simplest commands were suddenly “no longer supported”.  No Reminders.  No Alarms.  Then the final insult was it could only play songs from a Spotify account I don’t even own.  I have Echo devices much older than this, including the first Alexa tower (with its great speaker).  It is still going strong. My 10” Show works fine, along with 3 Dots.  But this is an obvious 🍋!	1	November 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	What’s to like?!Seriously, everything the show does it does  worse than it’s competitors. I bought the show to be able to watch videos (cooking, Hulu, etc) and listen to music and podcasts. Setting everything up takes around an hour because the screen takes forever to respond to even the most basic commands. I’ve had it for three months and have had constant issues with various apps stopping working with no reasonable explanation. For a week, Spotify wouldn’t work even after doing a factory reset and restarting all my network devices. Currently, it won’t play video, any video on any video app, and it turns out I can no longer return it. Honestly, just get an old refurbished iPad and don’t waste your time with this trash. Unless you want it JUST to listen to music (the sound is pretty good), you will be disappointed.	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have bought several Alexa devices so far and they all work perfectly by imposing the Italian language. So I didn't imagine that by buying this echo show 8 I would be faced with the limitation of not having the Italian language. So for me this object is for now only an expensive ornament!	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I got this to see my blink cameras but they will not work and customer service is no help.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I’m actually disappointed in this since I love Echo. The show has messed up my integration of my Echos	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Product was tossed onto porch and did not work! It was a same day delivery. Even though it was tossed onto the porch by an Amazon driver we could not get a same day replacement even though that was the way I ordered the original. It was not my fault the item was defective and I reside within 12 miles of a major Amazon distribution center. Disappointed to say the least!!!	1	March 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Instructions with device non existing. Downloaded manual via Kindle not that much help.  Want to be able to sync other devices but haven't figured it out yet.  Need better help!!! Device is one of 4 Echos in the house.  Not as good as Siri. Maybe it will get better.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Muchas veces es muy lenta al actuar a un comando	3	May 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not too many options slow responseToo many advertisements for alexa	3	April 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My Echo Spot started flickering so I thought I was upgrading by replacing it with the Echo Show. Most of the time I use the Echo as a regular clock with a clock face. The Echo Show WILL NOT DISPLAY A CLOCK FACE. It will show the time in digital format in a small, ugly typeface in the corner of the screen. There are no options for how the time is displayed except to choose between 12- or 24-hour time. I returned it and got another Echo Spot.	2	September 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Terrible setup!! I  put it in apanes by mistake, I couldn't go back in English. I'm going to return it.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not too great on searches.  If it could tie in to Google it would be almost perfect.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	sometimes she works and some times she doesn'tvery disconcerting  but it is a computer so what elsewould one expect!!!	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	When I ask a question or want information, Alexa is very, very slow. Sometimes, after I wait,  I think she did not hear me and start to ask again when she suddenly gives me my answer. It is not as great as I thought it would be.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Half the time she doesn't hear me, the other half she jist falls asleep	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like the Show. However, it's slow to acquire a video image.	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This device is spotty. Doesn’t respond 25% of the time. I’m wondering if I have a lemon!!!!	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am disappointed with the 8 there is a flaw with the 8.  The Calendar will not sync.  They sent a replacement and it still will not sync.  My son purchased another 8 for me as a gift and guess what, the Calendar will not sync.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Very disappointed with this product.  Echo Show 8 does not listen to commands.  For example, I am 5 feet from my new Echo Show 8 and I say ""Alexa play CNBC"" or ""Alexa play CNN"" and the Echo Show 8 does nothing, but one of my new Echo 4th generation speakers in another room over 25 feet away hears me and starts playing.  My solution is to get real close to the Echo Show 8 and speak very softly and give the command again and it works.  So after 30 minutes I say ""Alexa stop"" or ""Alexa quit"" or ""Alexa home"" or ""Alexa CNBC stop"" or ""Alexa CNN stop"" ... nothing!  I repeat the command over and over again and still nothing!  So I walk over and unplug the Echo Show 8 and problem solved ... Echo Show 8 stops playing!"	1	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My son gave me an Echo 8 for Christmas. Prior to its arrival, I could play my Amazon purchased music on either my iPad or iPhone. When I signed up for a trial of Amazon Music unlimited, single device, I anchored the account on the Echo. Alexa has great difficulty understanding what I want played from my library and I can no longer access my purchased music on my other devices. Now the trial is over, I cannot access my purchased music on any of the three devices. I have spent a total of two hours with Amazon technical support. No resolution other than to suggest I pay for Unlimited on multiple devices.  All I want now is the ability to return to the capability I had BEFORE I had the Echo. As far as I’m concerned, Alexa can take a flying leap into the abyss.	1	February 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s a little bit creepy. I got it as a gift and it is nice for playing music but it just creeps me out. There’s very little customization, And it rarely does what I want it to do. The standby screens are lame and I wish I could not have those. You can whisper “alexa” or something similar from the other room and it’ll start tuning in. Except for when I ask it to power itself off. It just ignores that. So I just yank the power cord when I’m done with it. Also if your watching a video or something and you pause it and go away it’ll go on standby and lose your place. Kind of annoying. But good for listening to music. It’s like a little dumb computer with a good speaker that tries to sell you things and show you news you don’t want to see.	1	January 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Connects to wifi; then loses wifi connection;  had worked for over a year then Amazon changed Wifi.Can't turn off things to try.  Does not work out of the box with the Alexa app.  (Alexa App does not even have Alexa Show as an option of devices to add)You set it up first and then link it to the app.  So Network SID, Network password, location etc all have to be entered manually.I got the larger screen cause of vision issues but I Can't display time in a font large enough to see,I also can't see Day of Week, Date or seconds in the time.  Maybe there is a way to set that upAdding skills it does not let you just type in the skill.For example say I want to look at a recipe;  the ""rotate continuously"" means I get about 10 secounds to memorize the recipe  --OR-- go into settings; find the button; change the button; get the recipe ; then change it all back;and then there are the privacy issues ....and no support from Amazon."	1	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I love the idea of this and what can be done with it but I feel like I shouldn’t have to have the volume past half way to before it can be heard decently.Apart from that we love it.	3	May 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Echo show 8 needs better ears.  It just doesn't hear as good as Echo Dot 2 or Echo Dot 3. I don't think there is any way to adjust this. Other than that I love this little gadget. Keep it close and it works fine. Accross the room, not so much.	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My family bought this for me so I could do video calls with them easily and watch Netflix, etc.  It does not work for the video calls so really, it is an expensive clock and weather guide.  The screen is contantly changing with advertisements for Amazon products and content that is available.  So this is a moving billboard for Amazon.Very disappointing.  I would not recommend.	2	March 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	If I turn up the volume loud enough that the alarm will actually wake me up in the morning, Alexa's voice becomes too loud and disturbs my neighbors.  My Echo dot's volume levels are much better for this use.	3	May 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I cannot get my Alexa Show to create a shopping list. I thought this one of the best features.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Very limited functionally.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sound is good.  We cannot get connected with ring doorbell recognition or camera for the doorbell and that was main purpose of the purchase.	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I have been buying echo devices since they first came out, and because of the ""By the way"" suggestions and other related interruptions, these things just keep getting more and more intrusive and less and less useful.  I have watch all the tutorials about how to ""minimize"" these things and I have set ALL of the many settings that lessen the frequencies, but there are STILL a very annoying number of ""suggestions"" and advertisements.  When you buy one of these things now, YOU ARE PAYING AMAZON TO CONSTANTLY ANNOY YOU AND INVADE YOUR PRIVACY.  Used to love the echo devices.  Now I hate them!"	1	November 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Unlike my old echo dot, this thing randomly plays ads when I didn’t ask it anything. Had to return.	2	December 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Some thing is wrong with this product, there are some design flaws.	3	March 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I think for that kind of $ the video when you do drop in's erc.. should be alot clearer of a picture & it also shouldn't take that long after connected to actually get a picture @ all... I am kinda dissatisfied with the quality	3	March 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No es más bueno q la  echo anterior sin pantalla	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The instructions for return says not to send power adapters or accessories. That policy makes no sense because in my case, the power adapter was the problem. I have grown accustomed to using my device so when I plugged it in and it still didn't power on - well, I is very upsetting. If you have this problem - I recommend you send your accessories with a note to ensure that the power cord (or whatever) is not the problem. Hopefully when the new cord arrives, it will work. If not - I'm really going to be upset!	1	December 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	for[me,hard[NAVIGA	3	June 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I’m disappointed that it can’t be integrated with more video services	3	April 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Worked great for two weeks. Screen went black. Would not power back on.	2	January 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Still have not been able to do a video call to another echo show in another home	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Trying to connect Ring Video camera, if someone in front of the camera Echo should disply live video, It is not working!	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Eveidently it was not hooked up correctly because I can not call other people with Alexa.NIOT YOUR FAULT!	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Hard as hell to set up. Overly complicated and most has to be done on your smart phone with account passwords, router passwords and unable to connect to simple smart outlets after hours wasted trying to connect. We use it as an Alexa dot with better speakers.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I thought it would be like Echo Show 5, mostly used as a clock for a room.  Echo Show 8 is trying to be a tablet but needs to be plugged in at all times.  You cannot change the clock! The clock is small and you cannot enlarge it. I recommend getting a tablet with a stand because this is what this device is trying to do. The Echo Show 8 does stream videos.....	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I really miss my old Alexa. My old Alexa was perfect.  You could hear people and my music.  This one has a mind of her own and she is worthless.  They told me they could not reset my old one so I bought this one.  Horrible replacement!!!!	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It’s ok.	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I use it for alot of things. glad I got one	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I feel like the return window should be 90 days. While it’s convenient to say ‘Hey Alexa, play frozen soundtrack II’ and my daughters were occupied for the next half hour, I really didn’t have enough time to learn and utilize all of its functions until now. With that being said, it’s not really something that I would utilize much in the future, therefore, wasted money. 💴🤦‍♀️ Wish I could return.	2	February 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The time display at night under low light is small and resides way down in the lower left corner of the display. It’s smaller than the clock display on the Echo Show 5.  This was the reason I purchased it so I could have a larger clock display at night. I kept it though. Hoping there might be a future option to increase the size. Otherwise, it works fine.	2	March 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I use it in my bed room & the screen doesn’t get dark at night like echo spot & echo show 5 do.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I don't understand the benefit of this over the echo.  I'm not going to sit and watch an hour long video on an 8 inch screen instead of my 60 inch TV. Maybe I haven't discovered all of the features yet but the echo was just as good in my mind.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Don’t like that fact that there are not display and clock choices like on echo show 5	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Compré 2 Echo Show 8. No reconoce ninguna cuenta Amazon. Como podría solucionar? La garantía ya venció.	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I wanted this device to chime & alert me when someone rang my Ring doorbell.  That doesn’t happen.  You can ask Alexa to show you the “front door” if you set it up correctly.  However, she does not alert you that someone has rang the Ring doorbell.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I thought sound quality was not as good as earlier echos and voice recognition didn’t seem quite all there either.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	it’s very difficult to set up the video chat, could not find any instruction on how to!	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Still trying to figure out hot it works to communicate with the family in Colombia	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I bought it in August 2020, meaning less than a year ago, for some odd reasons the speaker decided to stop working properly, meaning you play a song or any type of sounds and it starts great for 30 seconds and then it starts getting muffled then it sounds like it's 10 feet away from me.No, I haven't changed the audio settings, I haven't change anything in fact, the echo show has been in my night stand since I first bought it.I hoped I could get someone from Amazon to fix it, since it hasn't even turned a year, but they don't have that option, which suc...s because these things are not cheap.I tried factory reset, just to see if it was something else, and update or who knows, but it didn't work.	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Love the slide show from facebook album wish it would do facetime but time will tell watch tv is nice too	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Absolute garbage. I switched from Google Hub so I can use the Ring feature but the Alexa is either deaf or thinks I'm speaking a foreign language every time give a command. If a question is asked, it'll give you the most basic answer or gave no insight at all. Faltered more times than I can count. I'm going back to Google Nest Hub where the AI is 100x smarter than this.	1	March 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Sound quality is very good but alexa voice recognition is absolutely terrible. Get a google home before considering one of these.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	In the pictures, i was misled into thinking if i order this along with the blink camera system, i could use it as a baby monitor and then for home security once the baby didnt need it anymore. This is a HORRIBLE idea. Do not be misled. I will have the live stream up and as soon as the baby moves, it cuts away to a screen telling me movements were detected and i have to wait to tell Alexa to show me the baby again, wait for it to buffer and load... its truly a horrible design.  If you just want it to tell you the weather, tell you a stupid joke, or minutes after someone walked though your yard,  this is for you. But if you had the same idea i did let me just save you the trouble and send you back to looking at actual baby monitors. I will be moving the cameras outside and ordering a vtech or Motorola baby multicamera system.	1	July 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I’ve noticed if don’t speak everyday it doesn’t respond to me when I get back to it.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Dislike:1. Cannot add contact manually from the Echo Show.2. Camera does not follow person (Facebook Portal has this feature)	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The main reason I bought this to transfer receipt pdf files from my computer to the Amazon Show but I find out it is not capable of doing this.	3	September 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not at all what I was expecting.  It looks cool, but it doesn’t really work like they show on tv.I always have problems with Alexa responding too.  I mean, I love Amazon and their products, but this one let me down a little.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The Echo was great while it lasted--for 2 weeks and then went completely dead, with only the Amazon logo appearing.  Very disappointing, as we are not early adaptors of new technology and like to wait until 'the bugs' are resolved before embarking on a relationship with a new device.  The customer support line was helpful in instructing us to send back the ""old"" device and we await the new and hope for better!"	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My intire feels alexa is getting dumber then before. We have about 10 devices and they became very stupid.. you can ask alexa to sound like a cartoon but she doesnt know when they next meteor shower is..	2	September 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I got on sale for $80 USD. Good for that price but not for full price	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The loading is a little slow and so as Alexa.	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Finally tried using this for Video Chat w my granddaughter.  Very disappointed in the camera quality (surely not like TV Ads). And there was too much intermittent voice delay and interference,  unknown if was due to OUR WIFI connection. Sadly disappointed	3	March 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I thought that i would use it more but i don't.	3	April 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"It's got a great screen. It's got great audio. It looks so much better than the old Show. But honestly, this one picks up the wake word ""Echo"" maybe 50% of the time, leading me to yell at it and generally not believe that it'll hear me. In comparison to the 1st Gen Show, which worked 99% of the time, this is super disappointing and leads me and my family to shout at it constantly. Couldn't recommend it in comparison to the other wonderful devices that make up the rest of the Echo family."	2	July 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Good product,  But not used as much as I thought it would be.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Useful for recipes reminders calendar stuff and music but kind of useless for other thingsCan't really search internet	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The clock face needs to be more adjustable. It is too small. Controls are split between the app and the device. Started having trouble with my smart bulbs after replacing a dot with the show.	3	June 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I guess it beats looking through a peephole.	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like how it looks in the idea of the whole thing. But I don't like is  I have to holler for it to recognize my voice. Other than that which is pretty important to me this could be pretty cool to have. Not sure if I will keep. I'm debating.	3	December 7, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Could not use Alexa on android phone and Alexa device at same time	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"It's not what i was wanting for...  Hate the ""try saying Alexa"" and really hate not youtube, i paid like 90 dollars for s thing that can't use anything from google!! I would wonder to buy a google hub before buying this, if i were you!"	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Purchased primarily to work with my ring doorbell. However, video freezes after a few seconds.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Pictures don’t fill the frame.  If this was fixed would be great.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"I am astonished that you can't set the clock size or position on this device!! I bought this for my bedroom, and for various reasons I have to put it on the dresser opposite my bed. I need a LARGE clock face - I bought the 8"" Echo instead of the 5"" because I thought the larger screen would let me have a LARGE clock face. Turns out the 5 lets you adjust these things while the 8 doesn't, so the 5 can actually get a larger clock than the 8! Absurd.To be clear, I love the Echo line and I've had various products from it. The screen on this one is beautiful, the sound is fine, the voice recognition works. Setup was a bit wonky - seemed it didn't recognize my wifi or Amazon passwords if I had ""Show"" on to see what I'd typed. Annoying, but whatever, you do it once. I *would* have given this product a 5* review EXCEPT for this clock size issue.Amazon - FIX THIS."	1	May 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	So far half the things I ask my dot the show is not doing.. kinda a let down. Support online has been zero...	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Needs to have the ability to change the size/format of the clock display.  Default clock size may be too small for some.	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s hard to see on the screen shot I have but there are vertical lines going down the screen, looks like waves. They are on there ALL. THE. TIME. Of course it’s too late to return this now. Really disappointed in the quality of this.	1	July 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Had higher expectations. Bought Echo Show 8 for kitchen, hoping I could stream from Firefox or Silk while baking,  but it keeps telling me that something went wrong. It's even unable to stream stations that have live streams. Am not willing to pay an additional $60/month for Hulu or YouTube, nor a Firestick Recast for $279. If anyone has suggestions, would love to hear them!	2	March 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I mainly bought this to integrate Ring-door bell so I can see Vedic when someone hits the bell before I open the door. It tries to connect to ring and just goes to home screen without displaying any video. I like Alexa dot a lot which does everything for $29.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It’s not linking to my other devices. It doesn’t always recognize my voice.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It doesn't connect with my Ring Video Doorball. And that's the only reason why I purchased them.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It was a gift. Filled with lots of info I don't know what to do with. Maybe one day I'll find something to use it for.  Oh, I think it sounds very nice.	3	June 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show only stayed connected for a week.  Called Ring customer service,  updated my phone, still doesn't connect.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It takes up counter space in the kitchen we could use for other stuff.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not at all what I thought it could do. Actually very frustrating	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	buy the upgraded version NEED to have understand how to operate before you buy	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I wouldn't have ordered this if I'd known I wasn't going to get the reimbursement for the echo show 5 I returned, SO now I have 2!	3	September 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I love Echo and everything Alexa/Smart Home. This is the worst device I own. It straight up doesn’t hear me. I put it in the same place I had a second gen echo sitting and now I have to shout. Echos in other rooms respond before this. I hate this. I should have kept my gen 1 echo that I used in trade in. Don’t buy this. Also it is missing simple features that the echo show 5 has such as the ability to customize the clock display. Instead you are forced into their boring idea of a layout and can’t add date or weather to the display.Echo Show 5 has these. Doesn’t make sense that developers would cut these features. That’s bad business.UPDATE: A little over 1 year and the echo stops listening frequently. The screen is on but the wake word won’t work until I unplug it and plug it back in. Pure garbage. Don’t buy this model even if it goes on sale.	1	June 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Had the first generation show and this one is pretty much the same, still not so great voice recognition, doesn't get right what I'm asking a lot compared to my echo	3	July 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t know if it’s because I am not aware of all the capabilities but I feel I paid $100 for this device to give me the weather and from time to time some recipes.  I don’t think it was worth $100.  It doesn’t do much	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like set does not always recognize our voice in the echo 8 show also loses Wi-Fi connectivity frequently.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Fantastic voice recognition despite it's playing loud music, however the video stutter a lot. May need a little faster processor. Screen resolution is good and solid sounds quality.It's great as an regular echo, but mediocre as an Echo Show.  Got it as a trade in with the original Echo.	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Plays one song shows another Doesn’t switch - still trying to figure out if it’s a glitch	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Difficult to connect even for a techie.  Wasted to much time trying to get it to work.  Not impressed	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It takes several seconds for the video to focus in to who you’re talking to. Like up to 10 seconds of blurry until it will focus. And why the hell does a point up to the ceiling. I shouldn’t have to buy a $30 piece of plastic stand to make it not point up at the ceiling. It should either come with the stand or they should’ve made it not point to the ceiling to begin with.It first Amazon product that I have been disappointed with. :(	2	August 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It does not respond well at all to changing volume level. Have to manually do it or repeat 5 times.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We love all of our Amazon products--Firesticks, Echos, Dots--wo when we received this as a gift I was very excited. I thought it would be great for video calling, looking up recipes, watching YouTube, etc. in the kitchen. However, the processor is slow and I had to continually log in to the apps I was trying to use. I put the Show back in the box and returned to my regular Amazon Alexa.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The show is great for watching videos, playing music, or reading recipes. However, it is definitely a downgrade in voice recognition and staying connected to other devices. It constantly needs to be told twice what to do. It will sometimes search for some things nowhere near similar to what was asked. It also requires constant reconnection to cameras, which once the main factor in purchasing it. I would not recommend it as a standard Alexa. Stick with a Echo, or Echo Dot if you do not need video.	2	August 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We are having trouble getting it to do anything independent of the phone.  We were hoping that we didn't have to keep the phone right next to it and use it to make the show do what we want.  We thought it would be more autonomous.  That was what we were led to belive by best buy before we made the purchase	2	April 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I cannot get it to do tasks that my older Echo Show did flawlessly. I had a routine set up in my old Show that read the weather in the morning. This won't respond to the weather portion for some reason. It does work though mostly.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It’s slow connecting to ring door bell and reolink cameras. The sound is awesome for such a small speaker not recommended for loud volume to me it distorts	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's maybe 10 feet from router/modem & constantly disconnects. It's powered off more than it's on trying to reconnect.	2	December 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not terribly useful.  I purchased this along with several Ring cameras because I had the impression that I could easily view them through the device.  Unfortunately it does not work that way.  So far it’s been a nice Echo device with a clock.  In time I may learn other uses it can provide but it failed to do what Amazon implied it would.  The Ring app on my phone does work well.	2	November 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I brought it for group calling, but at this time can not get it to work.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"What a mix of capabilities and frustrations. Nice to be able to turn on lights or watch Ring doorbell or backyard. But after a year of trying to get it to stop showing useless commercials to ""try"" this or that, we are just tired of paying Amazon for the privilege of seeing their commercials. Just too frustrating."	2	July 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Sometimes it does not work and I find myself repeating several times, Alexa, Alexa, Alexa!!	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am not sure what is going in with the echo show but since I’ve had it the screen has blacked out three times and I had to unplug it to get it to start working again. Directions included do not give any information for this. This device was to replace my alarm clock but sometimes the alarm doesn’t even sound.	2	May 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I would like to have more home screen customizations like the echo 5. Not sure why amazon does not keep the same interface on both devices.	3	September 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Doesn't show my ring video feed unless I request. Its supposed to automatically show up but it doesn't. I even disabled the link and enabled again. So disappointed. Expensive device.	3	August 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	continues to lose connection , streams in the middle of a call.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Most of the time it takes longer using Alexa than just doing myself.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sometimes it goes off script, and I don't know where it gets it from....LOL	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We live in an area that cell phone coverage is spotty.  Without a cell phone you can't set it up properly, let alone the echo plus and echo dot I bought.  Unless you live in town, they're just expensive radios that talk.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is awful, i have to repeat at least 4 times and very loud for the voice comand to work. Everything else works great.	3	September 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can't get rid of the ads.  Can't watch netflix.  Most of the time it doesn't understand what I am saying. Works fine for music. I unplug it when not in use.  That takes care of the recording and camera.....Downloaded my gmail but can't see it.	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"The show is occasionally helpful, and once I managed to get my own photos as a background, enjoyable to see. However, 1) that's very hard to do and 2) It WILL NOT allow you to stop the continuous onslaught of ""Try... blah blah"" at the bottom of the screen.  I hate seeing those and I hate that their appearance (a movement) attracts my attention from whatever else I was doing. Similarly, the screen cycles through formats and photos pretty quickly and abruptly, again using motion to capture my attention. Really, I just want an attractive photo frame with the time, weather, and calendar events that responds when I talk to it."	2	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	My mother is 86 years old and struggles with her cell phone sometimes, so I purchased the Alexa Show on the recommendation of the director of the nursing home who stated they had one for her grandmother.I can't return this thing fast enough.  Features are limited if you do not have a smart cell phone and if you can not access your loved one's cell to set it up.  Could not configure the drop in feature at all after finally making accounts for my 86 year old mother on Google and Amazon.  Three hours later I am just calling it quits with this thing.  Completely annoyed.  Maybe if the purchaser is the end user and it shows up all set up with your info, but otherwise, NOPE.	1	April 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I would love if you can FaceTime with all instead of only the ones who have Alexa - not as easy to set up and pair with other Alexa devices	3	July 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Hard for other house hold to drop in on me but love the sound quality.	3	January 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Terrible delay on both endsThe constant scrolling of Alexa info is very annoying	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Sound quality is not good everything else is good	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"The constant popping up of Try this...try this is quite annoying.  I'm watching a video and I hit pause. ""Try asking Alexa what is the best selling sun lamp"". I hit play  Try,  ""Alexa, what is the area of a circle?  Listening to music...the ""try this..."" is at the bottom of the screen the ENTIRE time.  I was unable to find a way to turn this off and I was unable find an Amazon representative that could either."	2	September 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Wish the device had better Ring functions... possible motion alerts would be nice...	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This was my second attempt to install an Echo Show.  This one version 8.  AGAIN… cannot connect to the wifi network.  Amazon needs to stop selling these pieces of crap.	1	August 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	On paper this sounds awesome, but in really it is horrid.  Music Lyrics only stay on for part of a song.  When asking to display timers it only displays for a few seconds instead of staying on.  Should be so much better.	1	July 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Video is good, sound is weak. Sometimes it does not pick up my wife's voice or understand her, I have no problems. Since it is hers and she uses it for our smart home devices it does get frustrating having to repeat herself often to get things done.	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Very upset that it was not advertised you NEEDED a smartphone in Order to video chat. I bought a new iPad for my 91-year old grandfather because apple said that was sufficient. Now we have an iPad and a show that don’t even receive calls. :(	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Pros:-displays Amazon photos.-works with Eufy camera 70% of time-sound is pretty good-worth the $65 sale price.Cons:-I knew about the “try” issue on the Home Screen but had no idea it would be so annoying. (Ever watch a movie and have an ad popup? -it’s like having an Ad on your photo album)-no Netflix or Hulu.-“show me” Eufy camera takes about 15s to work if it works at all.	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I'm disappointed that zero technical support exists.  NBC on HULU wont stream and I've logged several feedback tickets and no response.	3	October 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	FYI if you have a faulty device and need a replacement you get a 1 year warranty that you can either send device back to them so they can try to fix it and leaves you without or they charge 15.00 for a REFURBISHED device. That is absolutely ridiculous when I already paid 105.00 for this and so many things don’t work. I will NOT be buying Alexa devices again. Oh and they don’t care if you never purchase one of these again. That’s excellent customer services guys	1	December 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Like all aspects. Nice to be able to see contacts due to COVID-19	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	My son bought two of these, one for me and one for my husband who is living in another section of our CCRC.  Because my iPhone is a 6 it does not support the software needed to set up both Echo 8.  Therefore the purpose of being able to have immediate communication between my husband and me does not work.  I have enjoyed the music and the sound is excellent; plus it makes a good clock!  But the communication set-up is a bummer.	2	August 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It’s good for what it is but Amazon is so proprietary that you can’t do very much with the echo show. Amazon doesn’t let you use Skype for video calls unless you pay for premium Skype account, otherwise you need another echo show user to video call with using amazon’s video call software. You can’t view your Netflix or Hulu movies or shows but you can manage your accounts. It’s pretty useless; just a fun toy. I don’t really recommend it. Save your money and get an echo dot, echo, or echo plus until they open the device up to outside party / second party services.	2	February 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Settings do not help much. Made for teenagers, not adults!	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Netflix wouldn’t work on it and it wasn’t as easy to use as the 5.	2	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought two of these for my wife so she could keep in touch with her family on the opposite coast. First issue was the requirement to download and use the Alexa App on a smartphone to set up communication for the Echo Show. As the Alexa App is a resource and power hog on a smartphone, who would want it. Next, after ""biting the bullet"" and installing the Alexa App on my phone, we could never connect it to its mate on the other coast. Any account or contact we tried always said, ""<contact name> has not enabled Alexa Calling"" or something similar. We could make it work with other devices and accounts on our home wifi, but never with anyone else. Support articles, YouTube videos, and Alexa Support were completely unhelpful."	1	March 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I have done everything people have suggested, but the ads keep on coming. Its pretty bad when i see more ""Alexa"" ads then i do the photos i have on amazon photos. I gave it a two only because i do like some of the things i can do with it. I mainly got it to show the photos. Very disapponted with it in that aspect. I would not reccomend this mainly because of the annoying ads. I'm glad i disnt buy the two i was originally going to"	2	June 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I am having a hard time finding out what it does. I wish it had a book	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Just not doing it for me. I am trying to find the purpose.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	U can only use FaceTime if the party calling u have an echo /Alexa equipment too..	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I got 2 of these for my kids to use with their teen accounts. Unfortunately those type of accounts dont work at all with Alexa devices. Plan B, I added them to my account. Devices would not accept our location during setup was our first hurdle. Second, once the devices were setup, they would immediately or randomly restart and run through the setup process again until I did a factory restore on both of them. Last issue was related to me switching my default credit card on my account 2 months ago and it triggered a fraud detection 8 weeks later and locked my account. Unfortunately this caused my devices to shut down and alarms not to work my kids first day back to school after the holiday break. These things have been nothing but a headache and I wish I never bought them.	1	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I’m not finding much value in having the video. Can only video chat with others who have Show. I did figure out how to pull up my own recipe app so I can see my recipes as I’m cooking and not go searching for my phone.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not overly thrilled with this. It doesn’t work as well as any of my other Alexa devices. Purchased for use with a Ring doorbell, will see how well they integrate when it arrives.	3	June 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Still trying to learn how to use and get visual phone calls and trying some of the other features, some working some not yet. looking for a simple instruction manual	3	July 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I actually like this device quite a lot - except for the fact that Amazon pushed out these unskippable interstitial promos called ""Alexa for your Day"" right when it was outside my return window.If you search this online, you'll find Amazon forums full of people angry that this can't be turned off. It interrupts your photo slideshows fairly often with promotional material about Alexa. I'm not sure how much more succinctly people can convey ""don't interrupt my photo slideshow"" but Amazon doesn't seem to care - so one star until this is fixed.It's my device, and I only want my clock and my photos. I've turned everything else off that I can, but these are still rammed onto my device anyway."	1	June 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I wish it did more!!  It's doesn't have Netflix.  What!?!  It doesn't have an Internet browser, like Silk, etc.  Unfortunately, the other things it can do isn't that useful to me.  Not worth the price!	3	March 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER ELECTRONIC DEVICE FROM AMAZON, READ WHY: It’s been a year, at first the quality and response were both good now the response is slow or unrecognizable. Alexa results are many times not even close to what I said. Re-train? Tried it. Also I can’t get rid of the repeating suggestions on what to ask “her” to do!!??? Very annoying, I do not serve Alexa she’s in my house. Then the screen started going dark without warning. Take it back !! Keep it . In all fairness the sound remains good quality when I can get this box to respond but for all the confusion it has become easier to turn on my home sound system	1	July 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not really seeing the utility for the is device, I purchased it to connect with my existing echo  speakers only to realize you can't set up multi room speakers with the echo show. It was cool to see the video doorbell bell but very limited in what you can do with it. Not really worth the price even on sale! I returned it.	1	March 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Sound quality is really good. Set up is unnecessarily cumbersome, such as the quirky SKILLS feature. Rolling display informing you to Ask Alexa to .... Is a constant irritation. Very difficult to integrate with other set up smart devices. Conclusion I bought this with the intention of swopping out my Google Home. Outcome huge fail all I ended up with is a good sound system, so I am staying with my Google Home and adios Alexa.	2	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	it drives me crazy.  I have it in my office and it is a great picture frame, but you can't get it to stop putting suggestions for things to try.	3	July 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	must have a smart phone to have it work properly	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Use for recipes, music, weather, news, baking timer, Audible and much more!	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I like her responses and voice recognition but was not impressed with the video on it.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Directions to synchronize with other Alexa products are difficult to follow - not user friendly!	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Will update when I figure out how to make it do all the things its spose to do	3	November 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We thought you could have multiple calls on at the same time.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great product. Needs to have the ability to be able to pull up kindle book or other literature and have the ability to read instead of the device just reading aloud.This option would make the device and cooking better.	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition needs to be improved. No complaint on sound quality with this price	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Like the product. Ive had for 1mo now.  But just like SHOW5 its doesnt stop music or fully follow or acknowledge commands. Voive recognition is much better but still have system alexa issues. My spot and dot have never had these issues.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Had this for while and one thing that really bothers me is that when you select pictures for background it's constantly stuck on one picture. Doing little more research and we found out other people are having same issue. Everything else works great.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought this device to use as a way to upgrade one of my seven Echo Dots to see my Ring camera and to use as an electronic picture frame.  I'm very disappointed with the quality of photos streamed from my Amazon Prime Photos account to this device.  They are washed out and have a slight green cast.  There are no controls that allow me to improve the quality of the photos as they appear on the Show's screen.  While the quality of whats displayed is very disappointing, even more annoying is the fact that there is a text line toward the bottom of the screen announcing things for you to try on your Alexa device.  I feel like I've purchased an on going commercial for Alexa.  There is not a setting to turn this text line off and when I called the Amazon Show help line they did not have an answer for either of these issues.  Until Amazon address both of these issues I cannot recommend buying a Show 8"" HD device to anyone."	1	December 29, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Sound quality pretty bad. Alexa voice recognition not often accurate	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I linked my Echo Show (in my living room) to my Echo Plus (in my bedroom) via the Alexa app and everything worked perfectly fine for the first week or so, but now my Echo Plus will not respond to individual commands such as setting my alarm. The Echo Plus recognizes the commands, but my alarm goes off on the Echo Show instead of the Echo Plus. Also, when playing music on both devices simultaneously, the Echo Show keeps disconnecting intermittently. When it’s working properly, the sound quality on the Echo Show is great; however, the Echo Show doesn’t recognize basic commands whereas the Echo Plus understands but responds through the Echo Show. I’m sure there’s a simple solution that I’m missing, but the Echo Clusterf*!k I’m dealing with right now is very frustrating. Can’t figure out how to fix it.	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Had to return. It would not pick up on voice unless you yelled at it.Replaced	2	December 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I can’t believe you can’t watch Netflix in here. You have the screen, why not?	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Screen size is much smaller than the echo 5	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	This is a good device for telling  me the time/weather and to play my music but it don’t allow me to look up my recipes and other stuff like it said!!	3	June 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"If you like Alexa, this is a great device, or was a great device for the first month I had it. Then they added this stupid feature called ""Alexa for your day"" that can't be disabled. If you set up your Show to rotate pictures when not in use, a stupid screen giving you information you don't want pops up after every 3 pictures. People have been complaining about it for 2 months and Amazon still hasn't given us the option to disable that ""feature"". If I had known they were going to add that nonsense screen, I would have just stuck with either Echoes or Echo Dots. The main reason I got the Show was to use it as a digital picture frame when we weren't using Alexa."	1	April 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Very basic device. Poor integration with Ring devices. Limited functionality.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bulky. No option for addition apps like Vudu but, I got it on sale so I won't cry about it. I dropped it from my chair about 2 feet and the fabric was damaged. It is as if it was designed to be damaged and replaced. Bezos, you know what I mean.	2	July 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	overall good, but it randomly exits the youtube app in the middle of a video which is very annoying.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Sound quality is good, picture quality is good. All other functions work well but Arlo. When asked to display a camera often will just default back to home screen.	3	July 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this to link with Ring but now that I'm reading all of the complaints in the reviews, I didn't bother to try. Nonetheless, I like it so maybe I will use it for watching movies.	3	April 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have 2 dots, 4 echo shows (spheres), and an echo 5. I got the 8 to see better on the night table. But the 8 has no options for selecting the clock face. Huge bummer. And the digital clock doesn’t feel much bigger than the 5. I get a bigger screen for photos and better sound but can’t figure out why they don’t at least have the same options for clock faces as the 5.	2	October 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sucks up wifi data with the screen on all day long. Makes streaming quality worse on tvs, and raises wifi bill.The screen is basically useless; does nothing practical; the opposite of the utility of a kindle. And there’s no front facing speakers so I know it sounds worse than most speakers in existence.The voice recognition doesn’t work that well. Very annoying.Not a good buy.	1	March 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I love it. The only complaint I have is when trying to skip a song, it’s delayed and will start the song over that you’re trying to skip.	3	July 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love the unit however the speakers seem to be a bit muffled after just a month :(	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I guess I expected more than what I already had since I was using app on my iPad or iPhone previously getting the same results?	3	August 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	i turned the brightness all the way up and the picture isn't bright enough!	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Device is great works out the box. One big issue!.. You can not customize this devices clock face!!!! ""alexa, customize clock face (alexa "" clock face is not available on this device"")  oh man, this is not acceptable! Fix asap!"	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We purchased an echo show to use as a baby monitor.  We saw the advertisement and thought it would be a good time to replace our old baby monitor.Unfortunately, this too imposes a 10min live view timeout.  Your feed will shut off after 10mins.  This is a hard limitation Amazon has imposed on their products.  Even when paired with a Google Nest Cam which does not have a timeout limitation, the SHOW will shut the feed off after a while.Highly disappointed that Amazon does not mention this in any of their production descriptions.Imposing such a limit is a very strange decision by Amazon since their direct competitor Google does not have timeouts and you can watch a camera feed as long as you like.  If you need to monitor your feed more then 10mins at a time, stay away from the Ring product lineup.	1	October 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa won't listen to me. Constantly says the news and weather but does not hear me. I can't find the settings and the 1,2,3,4 finger swipes are more than I can remember.	2	October 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It dont do video call when I call my dad or anyone...	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Don't waste your time with Alexa products if you are trying to do something serious, like communicate with family or voice control a device on your network.  The sound is great (good bass) for music, the display is very good.  You can have this ""smart"" device networked on your smart network, run by a smart computer, along with a smart tv and other smart devices on your network, and STILL, a smart phone is required for Alexa control, but STILL, it doesn't work.  Unless you are looking for a music/podcast player, or a toy for entertaining the kids with the plethora of cheesy apps, don't waste your time and money on Alexa products."	1	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have had this about 3 weeks and still haven't figured how to make calls. It does bring up recipes, but that function is not needed every day.	3	July 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purposely bought this to use with my Wyze cameras to act like a baby monitor (but for my dogs).  Apparently with how Amazon controls the data coming/out, it cost more for Wyze to stream the video compared to other devices. The Echo Show will only show love video for 10 minutes or so. If I use the Wyze app on my phone, I can keep it on basically indefinitely.  From what I have read, too, only Amazon cloud cams can run continuously on Echo Shows.  I don’t know. I’m actually really disappointed. I may see if I can return it.	2	January 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Trying to figure out to work many things that Alexa can do.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Nice addition to the Alexa devices. Amazing sound out of such a small box. Works well with my security cameras. You can use Netflix, but you have to do it manually. voice commands only work on prime video.	3	March 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The echo show 8 isn't all that different from the first echo show. The only complaint I have is that Amazon pulled a bait and switch and didn't honor the trade in offer for my first gen echo show. This will be my last echo device.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Not always responds to command. Often when you on call ,video freezes!	3	January 9, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Volume 1 is too low and volume 2 is too high when I’m trying to go to sleep.Needs a wider range like 1 to 20 maybe.Clock display is too SMALL. Needs settings like he show 5.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The scrolling suggestions at the bottom of the scene is really annoying. And there is no way to get rid of them. I'm actually thinking of returning it because of this. Also you cannot change the clock like you can on the echo show 5.	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Does not hear or listen to you as well as the standalone echo devices. I was very dissatisfied.  Also, if you're listening to music and someone calls you, forget it, you need to restart everything because it gets so confused.	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Son's desk in my office.	2	March 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The sound on my Alexa is awful.  Any song I play using Amazon music sounds like the singer is in a can.  Not sure if its Amazon music or the Alexa, but I'm really disappointed!	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like it, but can not seem to add my Arlo cameras to the echo show.	3	November 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No escucha bien y el reconocimiento de voz no funciona bien, hay que repetir mucho, tiene problemas	2	December 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not able to read Kendell and don't want it to read me recipes.The app is not working with voice commands.I do have to say the sound is amazing when listening to music.	3	April 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I upgraded my echo to echo show 8 and I like the screen aspect of the Alexa but I don’t understand why stand is not included, there design makes stand a necessary thing but it’s sold as a accessory which is not fair !!	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this because our daughter got one, so we could do face to face video. No you can't do that. You can only do smart phone to echo show. What a waste of money. We could already do face to face on our phones, and play music on our phones. In fact everything you can do on an echo show 8 you can do on your phone.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	You cannot disable the “Try “Alexa, ....” from coming onto the screen (which also darkens your picture) and you have to disable other features you might want to keep it from showing you adds. This is exactly why I will not buy a kindle and do not recommend them. I didn’t pay $100 for your adds. This absolutely pisses me off. I will not buy another one.	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Great! But apps like NBC don’t sync up to watch videos. Please fix this!!	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I do not like this echo. It is much smaller than I think. I am returning it	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Works like any other Alexa device for the most part. My big issue with it is when any screen Alexa device I have is not in use I like to use them as a clock. This big 8 inch screen only allows you to have the time and weather small in the corner. Makes no sense. And sorry using zoom is not an option the touch screen isn’t super responsive on pinch anyways.	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Wish the programmers made Alexa more interactive	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Can't figure out how to lower volume or set clock?	2	January 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Bought the unit so I can get ride of the digital clock in the living and able to switch lights on.  The unit has a browser but it does not stay on the page you want.  After a couple minutes the show goes to the home screen and you have to ask again for the browser.  The clock face is very small and you can't change that. bummer!  When I use the drop in feature the show points to the ceiling I had to prop the show up so people can see the room and not just the ceiling.	2	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Need direct support for You Tube and stream video from my other devices.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	even with discovery and everything off its still suggest crap to you	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The sounds quality is not very good like the Echo Show - 1st Generation Black that I have.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We were using Echo Dot and loved it. Kind of didn’t care where remotes or switches are anymore. Thus I was looking forward to get this latest Echo with screen. It’s newer thus hoped it to be better however it’s not. Its listening part is bad. We (my hubby and me) have to almost scream to make it listen. We have to talk towards this. In echo Dot, I could face away from it and ask things. But Echo 8 you have to speak to it and that too real loudly. Disappointed. I think the listening part of this echo 8 needs to be fixed or improved.	2	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I not very impressed with my show. For some reason it has so many glitches. I loved my echo so much better. The show seems not to understand me as well. I find myself frustrated with it most of the time.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This product is just fine, nothing SUPERB, just fine..	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don't like that I have to figure out how to word things just right in order to get Alexa to follow my orders.  I also didn't know I had to have a cable provider to use the NBC app and I do not.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	cant control background pictures or internal pictures. sound quality poor for hard of hearing. need to be able to change from femaie to male.	3	August 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Received as a gift for Christmas 2019. Disappointed in the day to day usability and practicality of this device. It has so much potential, but it just isn't integrated enough to be useful.Pros:-sound quality is good- syncs to SOME apps easily (i.e. play NPR, Amazon music)- can sync with Google CalendarCons:-virtually no apps that can be used via the Echo show (only about 6 to choose from on the mobile app, all music apps). Would have liked to sync to my podcasts, Pinterest for recipes, be able to access/edit my calendar.-Screen times out quickly. I cannot find a way to change this in the settings. Especially annoying while using internet (using Pinterest for a recipe..difficult to get to Pinterest first of all, and then it timed out and I couldn't get the screen to return to what I was working on!)Basically, it needs more integration and functions. And not just, ""Alexa, talk like a pirate."" Not helpful!"	1	April 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The screen has a lot of bleed over from the backlit panel. Not the best quality	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	PLEASE ADD HOME SCREEN DATE AND LARGER TIME OPTIONS! Got this for elderly mother. Really need better options. She does not understand the options and cannot do it herself. HELP!	3	May 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	WAS WORKING GREAT, THEN AFTER AUTOMATIC UPDATE IT STOPPED WORKING, TRIED EVERYTHING AND EVERY TYPE OF RESET BUT JUST SITS ON THE AMAZON SYMBOL ??????  WOULD LIKE TO EXCHANGE IT  I LOVE THE ECHO SHOW CONCEPT  JUST NEED ONE THAT WORKS....  NOTE:  I ACCIDENTALLY PUT THIS POOR REVIEW ON THE STAND, DISREGARD  THE STAND IS AWSOME	2	March 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Does what it needs to do that if the add on apps are working properly. Sound quality it a “B” grade for me. But it does sound great for what the product it. It not no sound entertainment system.	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It was a gift, otherwise I would never have bought this.	2	January 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	We really like this so far. I am sure we are not using to its full potential yet. We have ring cameras, and it integrated very well with it.We use our echoes as an intercom system in the house. PROBLEM: The microphone on the show keeps failing. In order to get it going again, we have unplug the show and reset it. We have had to do this multiple times. Very frustrating.	2	October 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this show thinking my wife and I could access Netflix while in the kitchen. We can watch prime and YouTube so for that it works great. The work around found on the web are useless All other functions work well	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Need to have a way to scroll thru the sideshow or move thru the photos more quickly.  Even when ""fast"" is selected it is very slow.  The menu says they change every 2 seconds. Its more like 5-10 minutes."	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Picks up.extremely too much chatter not intended for Alexa	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Liked the concept but am finding the far field speaker tech isn't doing that well and required a lot of repeat commands even after factory resetting several times. Echo dot seems to do better for some reason	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The unit as good hearing my voice as the Ales not q	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I purchased to hook up my home cameras,  it won't connect to them.  It seems everything she is asked it's,  ""I don't know that.""  I was better off with the Echo dot.  Waste on money!"	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	So far unimpressed and likely will return this.  Bought it primarily for the Allrecipes feature and the claim online that you could put your own recipes into Allrecipes and pull them up on the Echo Show. But the “reimagined” skill doesn’t have a login capability and just trying to find a simple recipe came up with no results.Dropped it another star because it cannot multitask! If you are playing music through it via Bluetooth and ask it to open a web browser, it stops the music AND disconnects from my phone!  It's almost 2020 and this device has fewer features than a 2006 phone	2	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Amazing concept, but many misses. For example, you can't search Hulu? Seriously?	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not many selection and functions on con seen for Amazon music	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	the best it has ever done was just over 5 seconds to connect to a ring elite, and the audio is very bad.  This does not work well to connect to ring cameras, and I can't find any other use for it. There is a screen and you can't change the volume from the screen, show stupid is that.I have tried several different alexa devices and have been disappointed every time. I would not recommend this one unless it was on sale for less than a dot, then I would just ignore the screen. I would not get one for music or any synchronized music, it just won't do groups. I don't understand how a new echo device is less advanced than an old dot, explain that.	1	February 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"These reviews about how to disable ""Try Alexa"" reminder and making clock display larger and at the center, are misleading. I tried all kinds of setting combinations, the reminder still show up from time to time, the clock is always displayed at the upper left corner of the screen. However, there is a workaround === [enable the screen magnifier!]Another problem, the touch screen is very insensitive.  Overall, this product is very unsatisfying.  But I am keeping it for sake of Echo features (NOT the show features) and hoping the future  firmware upgrade can fix  all these annoying defects."	2	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I replaced my older Echo Show with an 8 and wow. It is super buggy. I have to restart it about 3 times a week. Example - it cannot handle showing my pictures and following directions. It gets hung up a lot. I thought it would be an improvement, but it really is not.	2	May 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Echo Show makes a reasonable compliment to my collection of echo and Alexa-enabled devices.  I bought it to converse over video with my mother, who’d recently received on as a gift. For that primary purpose, it’s rather lacking:  my Echo Show’s camera is so misaligned that I have to sit way off to the side, in order for the other party to see me.  My mother’s echo show proves so difficult for her to aim, that I rarely see her face on the video calls — I more often see her forehead or just her cheek in the frame.I’d say that the Echo Show doesn’t do well as a video-calling device for the less-technically-inclined.	1	May 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I really want to love this product, and will be the first to repurchase if the blaring issue is fixed. I returned the Echo Show 8 because there is currently no way to stop the suggestions that pop up on the bottom of the screen offering suggestions for thins to ""try"" saying to Alexa!As of the middle of December in 2019 there is no way to disable this feature. You can reduce the number of annoying things that pop-up, but you cannot turn this feature off. Anyone who says otherwise is incorrect as of this review.Please Amazon, fix this ridiculous issue!"	2	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I’ve owned this since October. Previous to a recent update, I could ask it to play songs from my Amazon library. Some of them I have purchased and some of them are from the Prime music library. It no longer will play a song I ask for. It tells me to sign up for music unlimited and instead plays other related songs.It’s insane because I can start the song I want from the Amazon Music app on my phone, and then cast it to the echo show.It’s really telling that Amazon is willing to remove functionality of a device I already owned, just to nag me to buy a service I don’t want.	1	May 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have a 5 inch which works great but anything further away than your bedside table it’s hard to see. The 8 inch is junk! The screen stays black about a forth of the time. I have to ask, “what time is it”, because there is no clock showing, she knows the time and will tell me the time, but who wants to do that in the middle of the night. I have a slideshow with pictures from my Amazon photo pictures which of course doesn’t work...one picture might stay on the screen for and hour or so... if that’s your plan don’t hold your breath because it won’t work. The 8 inch echo show if junk!(The dots work fine, if they still make those.)	1	March 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We're not sure what to do with it!	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	How Amazon thinks people will tolerate a device which force them to watch things on the screen all of the time that we do not want to ever see is amazing.Maybe they'll get the message that thousands of people are complaining about the same thing,  I wish I'd seen the complaints and poor reviews before hand.  I want to set this so nothing shows on the screen except the time in big numbers.  None of the THINGS TO TRY constantly changing and annoying us.This will be going back unless someone at Amazon tells me that new firmware is coming that will allow us to configure our devices to our needs.  Think of how many people would be upset if every few minutes your none display echo units would ANNOUNCE THINGS TO TRY that you could hear while doing other things.DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU ARE CONTINENT TO LET AMAZON CONTROL WHAT YOU SEE.	1	December 7, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	This product is fun for solo use. But we bought it to communicate by video with an elderly relative who does not have a smart phone and is isolated in an assisted care facility. We have not, so far, been able to hook things up to to talk with him. So frustrating, and the sales materials do NOT make the smart phone aspect clear even though they emphasize communicating with elderly people as a plus of the product.	2	September 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It does not seem to respond well to voice commands as my echo dots so I'm a little disappointed.  I like the speaker quality for playing music. I also watch hulu while cooking dinner that is a nice addition	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa needs an update. She isn't like Google.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8		2	March 27, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Good product.  Only annoying feature is the “Things to try” feature that shows up on the bottom of the screen.  It’s too bad Amazon won’t program a fix to turn that feature off.	3	March 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I wish it had a actual browser was given it as a gift and people said perfect for recipes yes if what you want is a generic version of it bad if you want something specific like bon appetit insert meal.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the size and the quality of the display, however Alexa doesn’t recognize the voice commands very well. Also video gets distorted and stalls at times, even at high wifi connection. I’m barely giving it 4 stars.	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Does not pair well with our Ring Doorbell. We bought this specifically for the integration of when someone rings the bell, it automatically shows on screen. Come to find out it's a known issue.. we switched the doorbell to Nest which was also suppose to work with it, but it doesn't. Needless the say the quality of the Nest Doorbell was a MASSIVE improvement, so we kept it! We also kept the Echo 8 because the sound quality for music is enjoyable.	2	July 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The microphone is not as responsive as a regular echo and I am getting tired of seeing the Alexa suggestions. Need to turn it off, but that is not an option. The stand is extra which it should be included.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	She doesn't listen and/or response is incorrect, very annoying...	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Great sound quality! Amazing speakers but poor microphone, the alexa part is nice to control lights as well.	3	October 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Our 3rd Show unit... 1st died and was replaced... this one (Show #3) will not connect with our other 3 Alexa units to form a multi-room music group... and transmits audio poorly to other Show units.	3	March 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	TLDR: If you’re under the age of 70, don’t waste your money on this.The only thing this gives you that you don’t get through an echo dot is information that you probably already have on the home screen of your phone, and doesn’t take advantage of the touch screen AT ALL. I wrongly assumed I would be able to at least see my smart home devices from the echo show screen and perhaps even turn lights on and off without having to use voice commands, but nope. Not even the most basic and obvious features were thought out for this garbage device. Seriously, for the same price you can get an echo dot, kindle fire, and a better-sounding Bluetooth speaker and would have MUCH more functionality available to you.If you don’t own a smart phone and want an overpriced clock that can also play muddied music and video from amazon’s library through a $15 subwoofer... then this is perfect for you. For anyone else, avoid like the plague.	1	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Something that was supposed to be a simple setup and done has taken well over 2 hours and that's after I spent an hr on the chat with customer support getting nowhere with 2 different customer support reps doing the same thing with both I had already done before getting on the chat. Now my 13 yo son is attempting to see if he can get this piece of crap toward before I just get a refund. It is resetting all by itself to whatever home screen settings it wants. It doesn't pick up any of the other devices in the house or acknowledge the alexa app. This is the worst piece of crap I've ever purchased as an Alexa device.	1	April 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Still learning it I guess We have had it a few weeks, We keep the camera lens closed at all times. Video call via skype was cool But only managed to do it once having difficulty replicating the service though.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I found that there should be more written instructions for older people that are not tec savvy	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not what I expected. I guess I didn’t do my research, my fault. I thought you could have apps like on a phone. I still like it but would have been nicer if apps could be downloaded on it.	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not sure why amazon cheap out on the camera on these devices echo show.  These need the camera from FB portals and it wide angle lense!  Sound and screen is good but camera is only 1MP.  Portal has 13MP with AI zoom!	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Calidad de sonido distorsionada y baja. Es la segunda echo que tengo reemplazar. También tuve problemas diferentes con una echo 5.Distorted and poor sound quality I had to contact customer service for a replacement and the same happened with another echo 5 I have.  I think these devices for the price should do what they promise and be of better quality.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Was trying to use it to show activity in driveway and at front door	2	December 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Largely useless.  The clock function does not appear on the blank idle screen. When a clock does appear,  it is not the personalized choice but a default smaller clock.  Although it has no trouble refreshing spam feeling impersonal ""Try This""  messages at the  screen bottom.  This is not worth the money.  There is little functionality beyond a screen less echo. Disappointed"	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I cant get it to program like it should.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Considering the amount of data collected, these devices should be priced much lower. If I could, I would return this and just get a better bluetooth speaker.	3	June 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It won't add to my shopping list  neither can I save pictures for scréen saver.	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Very good so far 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I don't understand how this keeps happening to me - but the Everywhere option stinks!  And I've replaced from Alexa to Show 5 to now Show 8 and it's the same mess.  Poor music reception AND my 2 Alexas won't link up to play at the same time anymore on both floors of my 2-story home.  VERY frustrated!!	2	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It takes to long for the video to start, then it starts out blurry then the picture quality is like 720p instead of 1080p on a 1 gig network with no dead zones. Sounds good.	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I honestly regret buying this, solely because I went into the settings and disabled every ""Home Content"" feature and wanted it to ONLY display photos, with the date/time, and weather. I also wanted to be able to view my ring camera from it when needed. The problem is you can't disable the ""Try Alexa"" feature. It is impossible. Ex. I have ""News"" disabled but i still see ""ABC News"" articles. I still see ""Alexa for your day"" stuff that I cannot disable.I won't be buying anymore show devices again. Not until Amazon allows us to control what we actually want to see and don't want to see."	1	August 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this device specifically to video call my grandparents. They have issues using tablets/computers so the ability to just drop in and video chat was very promising. First month was good. Still, every other week the drop-in video calls will not have audio or video. We call them but they cant hear us, or vice versa. After researching this issue online and on forums, many other people have this problem and there is no fix. Amazon just tells you to update (already updated) and check internet and router settings... You can get the calls working again but you have to unplug and plug it back in again, which isn't easy if its located 3 hours away in another state. I have given up on it and am looking for something else that provides consistent, reliable video calls to senior users that aren't tech savvy.	1	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Do not like split screen !!	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Music randomly just stops quite often! Can’t answer simple questions	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"For no reason, twice now Alexa stops responding and only displays information.  My echo spot never had this problem.  Unplugging the device and plugging back in fixes the problem but ""reboot"" should not have to happen.We'll see long term."	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"I would definitely not pay $100+ for this. The fact that you have to spend $20+ for an adjustable plastic stand is ridiculous when one should have come with the unit. And the Try ""Alexa..."" is infuriating. There's a ton of settings for the home display but they don't give you the option to turn of the Try ""Alexa...""."	2	March 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"It is OK but you have to almost yell ""Alexa"" for it to hear or answer. So frustrating, we put it away and chalked it up to bad product. Called amazon about this several times and they had no fix and didn't seem interested. they didn't even give me an incident number."	2	June 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I do not like that there is not a sleep mode.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I liked the Alexa show up until yesterday when it refused to turn off from playing music three different times. I had to unplug the unit to get it to turn off. Has anyone else experienced this? Any suggestions?	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"This Echo is better than the previous generations. The sound is pretty good. If all you say is ""Set a Timer"", ""What time is it"" or ""Tell me the weather"" you might be satisfied.  But if you expect the voice recognition to be able to answer even basic questions for internet searches, you are mistaken. The other competitor is much better at this kind of search than Echo.  If you want the unit to control lights and other complicated home functions. Save your money. Echo is a joke in this area. And after hours and hours of trying to program it, the first time the power blinks you will lose all your setups. I was on the phone for over two hours with tech support and even they could not make the thing work. Echo is a nice dream, but it is not ready for prime time."	1	August 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Amazon is working hard to make Alexa less and less useful. The voice recognition gets worse by the day, and if you set your privacy settings to reduce Amazon's snooping then it becomes nearly useless. Skills randomly quit integrating, it randomly can't recognize voices and words...it's a cute little toy but no longer a viable smart home devices.	2	March 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have several echo (dots) devices at home, they all work great, clear speech and great voice recognition. This device has a terrible software, an annoying messaging system that continuously repeat things I don't want (like joke of the day, things to try, etc), doesn't have a full screen clock. The software/firmware needs a lot of work to get even close to the other devices. The microphone doesn't catch the voice as good as the other ones.Actually, returning it from me is quite hard (I live in Panama), but if I was in the US, absolutely return it.	2	January 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have an Echo Dot, this big touch screen of Echo Show 8 doesn't add much value.Alexa is good, same for both Dot or Show.With the big touch screen, I expected to be able to browser music, shopping and news like a tablet using touch input. But it doesn't. It only supports voice input. All the functions are the same as Echo Dot. The only addition is the advertisements.	2	October 26, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The LED screen is really good. Sound is good--but this Echo Show  is hard up at hearing. Very difficult to relay commands and we always have to make her stop and repeat the command. Amazon Echo is still better.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Frustrating device. I like it and I absolutely hate it.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"On a number of occasions, my Echo Show 8 (purchased 7/2020) will say, ""I'm having trouble connecting.  I'll keep trying"" when everything else on our network is connected and running just fine.  I suspect it's a firmware problem, because I always have to reboot the network and the Echo in order to fix it.  Don't expect Amazon to help you with that once your return window has closed.  Their warranties are not honored one bit.  Now, do I put it on Ebay or FB Marketplace?  That's the question.  I'm kidding.  I'll keep it on a shelf as a reminder not ever buy one again.  Thanks for reading!"	1	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Purchased 2 of these devices and was beyond disappointed that they don't support hardly anything, including Netflix. I mean come on Amazon and it needs a search bar when searching for movies on Amazon. You have to call Alexa and say the name of the movie. Who makes a device without a search feature in their own movie store?!? This could have been a great device but they have obviously pushed this out without features that would really make this device stand out, no quality, just pushed out quantity.	2	April 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"""Try Alexa ..."" is annoying.  And when someone push the Ring door bell, I want Echo Show monitor to show front door camera automatically.  For now you have to ask Echo Show to show the front door camera."	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	After several attempts to configure and a few factory resets, I still couldn’t get the video calling and drop in camera to work.  Not sure If this is common in production but disappointing to say the least.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Dont like the fact that I cant download apps to it	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Phone calls are terrible very bad quality	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The “try Alexa“ that stays at the bottom of the screen 24/7 is pretty ridiculous.  It’s really awesome to just have family photos scrolling bye but with the big try Alexa wording at the bottom really is pretty silly.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have 7 Alexa devices and this one is the only one that on a regular basis, does not hear voice commands. At times, my Device in the bedroom which is twice as far from where I am speaking will respond Before this one.  I don’t know whether it is defective or this particular type of device is just not very good.  I have two of the smaller Shows and they work very well.	2	August 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The inability to use this as a portable really takes away from usability. It is a quality built device, sounds good, but it would be great to unplug it and move around for video calls.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I can’t load my contacts from my iPhone. Tried different methods nothin works. I purchased two for my sons yet I can’t randomly call them.	3	July 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The audio does not work on the device and comes and goes on attached speakers. Works fine when it works	3	August 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is my first echo show, I read reviews that said the 8 had more capabilities than the 5 only to find that the one thing I NEED it to do - tell the time - is TINY. The show 5 has the customizable clock feature and I get that this units intent is different but is it really hard to add clock customization?!Might be returning for the five 😭	2	October 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	liked picture quality and sound, integration of custom voice and cameras difficult to navigate	3	October 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We bought this to be able to connect through video calling with an elderly parent.  We have not yet had success, as it seems you need a higher-end smartphone.  The screen is nice, and it’s helpful for videos and Alexa-related interaction, but so far it is not serving our intended purpose.  I wish it had been more clear about the requirement for a current smartphone.	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Our old echo show is.simpler, more responsive, better voice recognition	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this in Jan 2021 and now it's not working. It's just dead and factory reboot does nothing. Disappointing for a product that just sits on the counter to stop working in just over a year. Why spend money on another? Going to give Google Hub a go.	1	May 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	So far the best part of it is the speaker you can ask it to play any music that you like and it’ll play it sounds really good but as far as my security cameras they were supposed to be compatible with the echo and it’s not plus I have I asked to connect to the fire TV account and just you know I don’t knownot my favorite thing	2	November 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I had an echo dot in my kitchen that was paired to a Bluetooth speaker. I mainly used it for listening to music. I recently bought a few ring cams so I figured I'd replace the echo dot with this echo show 8 and now it won't play a single song with out distorting badly. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product and just want it gone! Returning this garbage product asap! One star!	1	January 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	don't like the constant Alexa noteswould like to customize the default screen more	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Product is ok but horrible delivery time, why prime membership ?	2	December 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Can connect to do video calls.	3	March 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	At first it worked great, but after a few weeks the voice recognition failed.. I reset to factory defaults and it worked for a few hours and quit again	2	September 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	en ocasiones tengo que hablar muy fuerte para que me escuche	3	December 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Picture is only nice looking on horizontal pictures. Standard vertical pictures not attractive presentation	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The HD 8 is not very responsive to voice commands.  if you're any distance away from the mic, even just 5 feet, you have to practically yell at the thing.  Also video calls it's very difficult to hear the person on the other side of the call unless they are very close to the mic and the HD8.  I set this on an end table about 4 feet from my desk and have had people state that they can't hear me until I move within 1 foot of the unit.  Speaker quality is lacking.	2	January 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Alexa is just plain stupid, I own 2 Echo dots (rev 1 &2), 2 Echos Show 8 and Echo auto.  You think I would have learned my lesson.The only good thing I have found is all Echo devices have an audio out port, so you can connect the Echo to a real stereo.  With the whole house music option you can stream the same song to multiple location around the house.  Best thing is it works well most of the time....My two cents is if you don't plan to connect an external stereo you are better off looking at the other devices on the market because again ""Alexa is stupid"" .  And don't get me started on the ""Try this"" messages scrolling on the screen."	1	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sound quality OK. But there is a lot of feed back when you try to make a call or drop in on another room. Have to turn the volume way down then it sounds like a whisper.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Echo Show 8 will not  show Date on home screen, and you cannot enlarge Time or Location as you can on Echo Show 5.  The only way you can get the date is ask for it, and it will tell you in about 10 seconds, but will not display Date.  About the only way you can customize the Home Screen is choose background.	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	When I ordered the Show it was a special that included a free Echo Dot, where is my Dot Amazon??? That was false advertising. The show is great, but I can't give 5 stars until I receive the free Dot.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought 2 of these because I thought (duh)(not tech smart here) I could simply send one to my wife's sisters in Fla we could plug them in hook up to our landline and they could video each other --- lol not so easy it seems you need a smart phone with the alexa app to since with - which we do not use - so now it seems I have to spend even more and buy additional devices to hook up our phone through and then attempt it all over again ---- never again Alexa never again	2	January 26, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn't always know even a phone number .	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I wish it would be compatible with Xfinity apps.	2	January 9, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	want your system is set you shouldn’t have to go in and reset her as many times a day as you have to because you say one word wrong she just connect herself then you have to connect her again that’s that’s too much problems!! I do like the way she guard the house..	2	April 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this device during prime day to work with ring door bell. I have been having issues with this product since day one due to the fact when I call or drop in on family some time they are not able to hear me but they can see me on drop in but no volume until I turn device off an then turn back on then the volume work for 2-3 more calls or drop in and then I have to turn device off and on again. This product is the worst thing that I ever had purchased from Amazon and I will not buy anymore devices from Amazon due to the problems that I had with this product which was replaced 3 time with the same issues.	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	You have to pay/ join Amazon music to get free songs. It only plays radio stations.It does not pick up my voice so easily. I need to respeat myself a few times	3	March 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this device because I wanted to be able to video chat with my kids while I was in Germany so my mom could see them. I ended up using my phone instead because I could never get it to work. Works fine within the US but for some reason not from Germany.	2	April 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Seriously just one day you will wake up and it won't work. It'll work fine for years but [probably] one day an update will get pushed and the entire thing will just get bricked. Oh, too bad, warranty is up.	1	June 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"The biggest problem I have with this device is that it stops playing music.  Like clock work every 15 minutes it stops playing music.  Whenever I ask it to continue playing the music it does but states ""do to no recent activity I paused the music"" something along the line of those words.  Very annoying."	1	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I like it . Just sometimes you have to repeat.  Its located in my living room"	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this Show 8 thinking it would have features that Show 5 has. I like that Show 5 has different clock settings and looks. Show 8 failed in this regard by not having choices and a much smaller clock making it hard to see from just a short distance across the room. Just happy it was on sale. Amazon needs to fix this.	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Same as old show — maybe a little better sound!	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It is what it is... but what it is ultimately is pretty disappointingI’ve giving the echo show nearly 4 1/2 months to grow on me... and it’s superbly failed in every single aspect to do that. The end result of this device is a screen that is little more than a mounted Amazon advertisement.You can’t browse YouTube. You can’t browse Netflix. You can’t use a myriad of apps that work perfectly well on android devices (and other amazon devices like the new kindle) because of Amazon’s insistence on using their own, purposefully limited, OS.There’s little-to-no developer support outside of novelty “skills” that don’t deliver a satisfactory user experience... Not that it would actually matter if there was developer support since the UI is so heavily voice-dependent that the device essentially doesn’t function without knowing the appropriate voice command and makes searching for skills and apps all but impossible.Overall, pretty disappointed	1	May 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Text is not formatted for screen, Alexa does not understand many simple commands, display is low fidelity.  SOunds quality is adequate, on par with the old echo.  Can make calls, does display recipes, has trouble with stock quotes.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Alexa box was open	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition not that great compared to echo dot.  Works okay...	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The speaker music sound was good at the beginning, but it got bad a few weeks later. I returned it, because the sound issue.  I will buy another one when Amazon put it back on sale.	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought it for the purpose of interacting with my Blink security system and it doesn't work. I talked with customer service for hours trying to get it to work, they were supposed to get back with me within 3 days and it's been 2 weeks ago. I'm very disappointed with my purchase. The only thing it's good for is my photos and playing music. It's the second Alexa I've bought and this one has not met my expectations.	2	July 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This item is ok but it could be better. As far as that goes any item could be better.	3	August 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It works sometimes with blink cameras  but not always	2	December 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed in the false advertisement! We use the blink security system for everything in our house. As advertised, we decided to switch to a blink camera and the echo show 8 for use as a baby monitor instead of the traditional monitor we had been using so it could be combined into one app. Come to find out YOU CAN NOT STREAM ON YOUR ECHO SHOW FOR LONGER THAN 5-10 minutes. You have to continuously re load it. There is no consistent screen to keep a child’s room view on. It will shut off. I will say this device is great for all other things BUT NOT MONITORING! I LOVE everything Amazon but this was REALLY bad advertisement.	1	March 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	No comment yet since  still new 😊	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It made a connection that I didn't request	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Plugs are so large that I cannot charge my other devices.  Many of the plugs in my kitchen bathroom and bedroom have plug that also have 2 USB charging ports but I cannot use the charging ports when a Show 8 or Echo Dot is plugged in.  The old Echo Dots did not require a plug.  They were convertable, meaning that you could use USB to power the devces or sick the USB into the standard plug provided with each device in order to provide power.  This applies to most of Amazon's other newer devices unfortunately.	2	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Not as functional as I thought it would be. Needs to have YouTubeTV app and would be perfect. Otherwise it’s decent.	3	August 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	One of the reasons I bought this unit was to see by ADT door bell camera . And this feature does not work	3	June 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Screen suddenly went blank. Followed online instructions for unplugging, waiting 3 minutes, then plugging back in. Nothing happened. Followed instructions for  a hard factory reset. The screen says it is starting a factory reset. Then the Amazon logo comes up, and it gets stuck there.Update: I contacted customer support. There was nothing they can do because my warranty has recently expired. They said the device was defective, and yet they could only offer me a 15% discount on a replacement device.If you buy this device, be prepared to replace every year. They are not built to last. They are only built to last until after the warranty has expired.	1	May 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Wake command is weaker than Echo Dots in the house. Having to speak louder activates other Alexa devices. Really a shame. No voice access to YouTube is a bummer. Display is nice and sound quality is decent though not amazing.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I assumed it would be wireless. That I could take it from room to room, but that is not the case. It turns off when you unplug it. Some what disappointing.	3	April 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not very impressed with the show. I originally bought it for a motion sensor for the kitchen but unlike Google home, it doesn't work like that. Then I thought I could add my recipes but that's a joke. I tried to download the skill all recipes but it won't even search. In the end, all it's turning out to be is a picture slideshow. Still debating if this thing is even worth it.	2	September 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	When I purchased this with my echo dots and echo plus all the extras, wall mount extended batteries etc.. I was able to stream different music from each separate device.  NOW AMAZON has changed things and ALL my devices have to play the same thing.  We were able to use one outside for the adults playing horse shoes and one at the pool for the kids swimming.  We have been gone 3 weeks and now upon our return we discover this.  My return time is out of time, so buyer beware.  THIS IS stupid my 9 year old son does not want to listen to Gospel Music when he's playing with his friends because MOM is meditating, and DON'T touch moms Gospel.  We now have 5 echo/dot/shows that are totally useless..	1	October 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I wouldn't recommend this product if you are looking for a large area device for placement.  We used to have another in our living room but now we have this in our kitchen.  Great for the kitchen but for volume and central location it doesn't work anymore since the volume for some areas needs to be much louder due to placement.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It does everything but the most basic function - display legible and clear clock at night! The designer must have been blind and chose to display grey text on a grey background using tiny corner of the screen. By the way, it can’t be customized at all! Who designed this crap??? Such a basic and fundamental feature is a complete failure.	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Not made for the soft spoken.  I find myself repeating commands over and over which makes it all the more frustrating. My own child listens to me better than this device.	2	September 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This is a fun toy, and can be a helpful thing, but I can't understand most of what Alexa says, and music quality is lousy.  I've played with the audio equalizer settings, with only minimal improvement.	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	There is NO technical support for this and it is not easy to set up, nor is it friendly to seniors or those without a smart phone. If you get it set up be careful it will access ALL of your contacts.Different phones get different prompts. Right now our is a ROCK...it can't video chat with the very people we bought it for.	2	December 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Horrible voice recognition compared to my echo Dot.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	😱 if I want to listen to a class on the website it shuts off in a minute‼️ You  can watch a videos on YouTube but not website talks on the echo show after my fifth call they finally told me that it can’t do web talks/video’s  IT’S GOING BACK! My echo tablet makes this look like a tinker toy.  Although  the sound is great🙌🏼‼️	2	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn’t always understand what your asking even if you’re reading it from the screen	3	October 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am one of those people that NEVER leave a review. But it has been OVER a year and my Echo Show 8 background display has never worked. No matter how many updates, factory resets, and tech solutions, the dang thing will not work. It’s annoying. You pay good money and the whole product should work. No it’s, ands, or buts.  Fix the problem Amazon or do a recall	1	February 5, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Needs to come with more instruction as everything it can do.  I had to watch u tube videos	3	August 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought this with a wyze camera...  Linked the accounts, and when asking alexa to show the camera it will open the wyze loading screen then go straight back to the home screen..  Such a piece of junk	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It had a hard time connecting to the internet, and when it plays music it always breaks up.	3	August 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Great if your going to use it for a Bluetooth speaker. The echo show Hd 8 is useless unless you want to purchase all these Amazon subscriptions. But I must say the speaker sound quality is amazing.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Made my echo sub disappear and has made playing music a real PITA.  The echo show always wants to play music instead of the echo subwoofer sound system and the sound quality is Fair at best	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My echo dot in the other room will often register my voice before an Echo Show will, even when I'm standing right in front of the Show. My biggest criticism of the device is that you really don't have much control over what is displayed. For me, I would like it to display the time/temp along with a slideshow of my photos - a digital photo frame. While it has this option, my photos are not even shown 50% of the time. Instead I see a steady stream of feature advertisements, upcoming Prime movies/shows, helpful hints, etc. I paid money for Amazon to advertise in my home. It's their electronic billboard.	1	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not enuff app options available. Screen isnt bright enuff.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Got this item on sale and it is not worth the price the voice recognition on my 1999 flip phone was better and it 90% of the time still does not do what it is asked.  I will never buy another amazon exclusive product,  this the dot and the show5 I bought all suck and 3 different tech savvy people use them.  We all agree crap.  I have nothing good to say except the speaker sounds good for music on the eco show 5 & 8, otherwise they are crap, very expensive speakers...	2	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I loved it until it just died one day after a little over a year. So now it's a paperweight. Thanks, Mr. Bezos! Not the first time this has happened. Call me crazy, but I think these things should last just a bit longer, no?	1	June 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Don't like the constant ""alexa"" try this messages display at the bottom of the screen. Wish there was a way to turn off those messages.  Amazon needs to fix this issue. Everyone has complained about it."	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Just didn't find it User friendly. All I have are Philips Hue bulb, some smart switches and a blink camara. Its hella difficult to use. It keeps pairing my parents smart home instead of mine. Netflix dosn't work on it. My brother has the Prime Account under his email, So you can't register with Amazon and enjoy your familys prime membership. It has a half decent audio and picture, camara sucks as well as audio calling. Over all really disapointed, Will be going back with google for my stuff.	1	November 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"This replaced an Echo Show 5 that has sat in the same place for over 2 years (and original gen 2 echo for 6 months before that). The microphone on this is, by far, the worst performing out of more than a dozen devices that we have in the house. The Echo Show 5 (and Echo gen 2) worked without any problems, but this device struggles to hear the ""alexa"" wake word. There are times when I am 3 feet away from it, and another device about 25' away picks up instead. Our acoustics of the room have not changed and I never had this problem with my last show (and only had to replace it due to the screen going bad). Amazon charged a $15 advance RMA charge to replace it and the problem persists which makes it clear that the issue is with the Echo Show 8."	1	June 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this primarily to assist me with cooking. However, it only shows recipes from other sources. This device does not offer a way to access my own personal recipe collection.It is also very limited on streaming services. For example, my live TV service is supported by Amazon's Fire TV Stick, but it is not available on Amazon's Echo Show.Having the ads constantly interrupting my home screen wallpaper is extremely annoying. (To those who say that these ""suggested skills"" are not ads, please look up the definition of advertisement.)The Echo Show has a high quality display and sound, but it falls far short of my needs. I cannot recommend this device to anyone looking for a personal smart cookbook or a display that supports most streaming services. And those ads must go!"	1	October 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Me encanta es muy útil	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	We bought this Show 8 to go with a Blink camera purchase.  We wanted to use it as a dedicated monitor showing live video.  However, the delay is so long, and the video times out after less than 2 minutes.  So we continually need to tell Show 8 to open the door video.	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I give it a 6 out of 10	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	On the Echo Show 8, impossible to remove these stupid things to try tutorials.  Turned off discover, turned off all notifications and a non-stop barrage of “Try this, try that” always flashing on my screen distracting me while I’m trying to work.  DND temporarily turns them off, but also prevents the device from receiving notifications or calls... making it a useless paperweight.  For now, I’ve fixed it with a strip of black electrical tape.  Maybe someday Amazon will listen to their customer feedback and take some sort of action to correct... maybe	2	December 25, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition waaS sketchy for me.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I am having problems setting this item up. The directions that came with it are pretty vague.	3	September 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have a Echo second generation before, she is much smarter than show8, a lot of time you ask questions, she don’t know, also seems more advertising then before when we hear Amazon music	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We just love our new and improved Alexa	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	“New Item” was delivered already opened.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought it primarily so we can watch shows while in the kitchen cooking. The Hulu app was problematic in that you couldn't choose what episode you wanted to watch. Also, could never get the Netflix app to load.Sound on the device stopped working all together after a week, and wouldn't restore after master reset so i returned the item.	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Wanted to use with Blink minis as a monitor. Ordered 3 on Prime Day, still haven't received the minis..  I don't like how echo automatically connects to internet and etc.  Seems that these devices know too much personal information.  For some people that's probably a good feature if the are not capable but seems it takes liberties.  I watched a show on Prime, it worked well.  Only used it for about an hour and a half and I disconnected it and put it back in it's box, so sitting unused.  Alexa doesn't answer with info as expected, it is good for simple answers. Alexa listens even when you aren't talking to the device and responds randomly, this happens with the other echo products as well.  Always listening...	1	November 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It have a hard time with voice command	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I did not like the learning curve with the Show 8. My Echo Dot's are much more accurate.	3	August 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Turning on when not in use , not connecting when asked.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	like my new echo show, but 4 months after purchase the screen went black; unable to do anything with the device.Contacted amazon for a replacement, which a refurbished unit was sent to me to replace my brand new less than 4 month old unit.  I didnt return the original junk unit within their return window (am doing so now, a week late), so they charged me $130+ for their used, refurbished unit that came in a generic box.Honestly, this is really unacceptable from a company as large as Amazon.  I am tempted to return both and just get my money back as a matter of principle.  Highly disappointing amazon.	1	April 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is so easy and helpful with shopping lists!	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love the sound quality of this speaker. Not a big fan of ease of use & playing videos like YouTube & asking questions compared to google home hub. This doesn’t work very well with Google Nest either	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Crisp display, compact size, surprisingly good dual speakers, operates mostly like Alexa.Video operating system awkward, nascent.	3	September 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Complicated. Wanted it for an Arlo security camera, can't connect the two. Might be the camera.	3	August 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"A long awaited flop. I bought this to perform one task, that of ""show and tell"" .  As advertised this unit is supposed to be able to identify pantry items by holding them up and asking Alexa ""what am I holding ?"" Well it doesn't. I spent over 45 minutes talking to India and their techs who were very polite yet could not figure it out. My wife is legally blind and was so looking forward to this, as I had been hyping this feature for weeks. The second tech did however offer me a 15% discount on the Echo Show 10 which he assured me the feature would work. I can't send this back fast enough. Besides the fact that this seems like a tabletop billboard for Amazon with a banner of suggestions non stopping across the bottom of the screen. My worst purchase ever on Amazon, with the Fire tablet 10 that I also bought on Black Friday being a close second. Both items are going back."	1	December 8, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Isn’t exactly what I expected. Limited touch features. Limited all around honestly.	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This product is substandard.  It’s not intuitive or interactive with Alexa.  I wanted to stream in my kitchen and it’s still not working well.  It’s like a big rock on my kitchen counter.  I would have been better served by a different device.  I’m ready to return it.	2	April 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I don’t like it ! The display is horrible.  You have to basically access everything through “ALEXA “, I just can’t go to the Home Screen and select what I want to do.  And if u are watching something u can’t go out and come back, it basically restarts from the Home Screen ! The accessibility is something they need to work on !	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It won't connect to my ring doorbell and I called Amazon about it and he had no clue so he called the ring company. Well she and I tried everything and she said i have to call Amazon. At that point I am done. It makes me want to return everything I bought for the alexa. unless someone else knows better than Amazon and the ring person id love for you to comment please	2	August 3, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I’m so disappointed with the new Echo Shows. Living in 2 different cities, we used 2 echo show 1s and everything was great, no issues.. we upgraded 1 place to Echo Show 5, but when it called the echo show 1, had to turn volume all the way up and still couldn’t hear my partner speaking right in front of the 5. That’s now unplugged and collecting dust. Since I’m an Alexa lover we tried the 8. With the 8 calling the 1, it’s erratic. The 1 is turned all the way up, and have moments when I can hear what is being said to the 8, sometimes not at all. Amazon blew it with both the 5 and the 8. I’m returning the 8 and am so frustrated I’m looking at alternative non-amazon devices. I’m an Alexa super-user and it’s taking a lot for me to give up on them. But enough is enough. Somebody at Amazon really needs to test one show calling another. Seems basic to me.	1	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The home content is awful. Even when you turn it all off it keeps popping up. Would be nice to use it as a photo frame or at least customize what type of news stories it suggests. Very frustrating.	2	August 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Mainly listening to music, checking weather and recipes.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It okay	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"It's useless. Been a prime member for 6 years and this has work great. When your a prime member. Now that I'm not since price keeps going up its constantly saying "" sorry I'm having a hard time playing music right now "" every time we ask it to play music. That's what we use it for the majority of the time. Plays a song then stops. It's a good thing I only bought one"	2	July 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I had to give a bad review. I’ve had this unit for about 8 to 9 months the quality just keeps going down. Sometimes it acts like it’s can’t hear. Screen in ambient light goes out. I have to unplug it and plug it in again to get the screen back on. One thing really bothers me is when you ask a question if you don’t ask it fast enough it Cut you off and gives you an answer that has nothing to do with what you’re asking.Sometimes when I ask you to turn on the light it’ll say OK But doesn’t do it.	1	June 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have not received an answer after six months....Camera scares me. I do not see off button.  Limited selections.  I enjoy music and there are some good things but the turn off is an issue. I just unplug it.	2	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Sometimes, regardless of my commands, it does what it wants, specially if operated through the App.  Amazon also should allow for somehow allow your Amazon-Music App to work through Alexa	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love this product, cheap and useful, and very helpful	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s nice, but doesn’t always work properly	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I do not like much money we spend and outcome not good	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	For whatever reason I need to reset the show occasionally because the sound becomes muffled and sound like it is in a trash can. Not sure what is wrong.	3	March 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I actually really like this device. The low stars are for the lack of Ring integration and often doesn't understand what I say. It will show you the Ring videos, but if the Ring Doorbell is rung there is no way to set it up to show it automatically. Needs some work, but maybe the 10 is better.	2	February 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The device loses the sound during a drop-in after a day or so. I have reset the device several times.	3	July 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Would be nice if it could connect to apps itself.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Have to keep repeating myself	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Could/should do more.  For example make it easier to use for video calls.  And the Alexia is the worst.  Very disappointed.  Actually prefer the Echo Dot to the Show.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	In the middle if the night it would go off talking and at anytime od the day too. I scared my dog half to death	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The echo 5 can do more than the echo 8	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa intergration was great the sound quality is another thing. Sounds horrible like you are covering it with a pillow or its under the bed...a temporary fix is you unplug the power and restart it and then it will sound good again for that day...then back to sounding like its at the bottom of a fish tank	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	displays ads when all I want is a large time and temp. All it seems to display other tan ads is a small time and temp not utilizing the whole screen	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I have 2 main issues with the Echo Show 8:1. There doesn't appear to be any way to turn off the annoying feature that displays the constantly changing phrases that begin with ""Try, Alexa ...""2. I primarily bought this device to use with my Arlo cameras. Unfortunately, the Arlo skill is terrible. Most of the time, the cameras simply time out and will not display on the screen. This is more of an Arlo issue than an Echo Show issue; however, it directly impacts my ability to use the product."	2	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	The size is great but sometimes when listening to music it stops and starts for no reason. There are times when it just make noise on it own	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not as nice as my original show. The audio isn’t as good. Smaller then my original.	3	August 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Device is very limited in terms of integration. It cannot play video from other very common sources such as Netflix, Disney Plus, HBO, etc. It basically an Amazon proprietary device.	3	March 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can't make Google the default search engine.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	The camera equality is on good and could be a lot better to where technology is now	3	July 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	While I can connect to Amazon Prime, I can not watch shows from my tv dvr or other streaming channels.It only communicates with another Echo, my daughter-in-law returned her because it was too limited,	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Great til it quit working. I had this my kitchen and used it almost daily to listen to music. It now skips songs every 30 seconds. I thought it might be the wifi but I moved my echo show 5” into its place and it works perfectly so it is the unit. I would expect these to last more than a year. I’ve owned several alexa devices now and they also quit working after about a year. To date I’ve already gone through an Alexa Show 8”, a Dot and the old school tower speaker. I’m down to one dot and the echo 5” which I expect will die shortly. After those die I’ll be switching to google devices.	1	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Picks up my voice much less reliably than a 2nd gen Echo Dot. Have had intermittent audio quality issues while playing audio over Bluetooth. Find the screen less useful than I thought it would be.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Pauses constantly, the voice works but the video does not!!	1	October 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Everything was great till last night it would not listen to me . Had to pull the plug for it to stop. Would not stop when requested. Hopefully it works out because it’s what I was looking for	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I like the sound quality.  I don't like that it doesn't work like a fire tv - there is no reason why this can't be integrated into this which would make it much more useful.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Bought it to have a screen in the kitchen, was excited about being able to play youtube etc while cooking. Only video service that works is Amazon Prime. Youtube can be accessed through a browser and the quality is appalling, all pixelated.I hope amazon fixes this in a software patch, if so I might try the device again. As for now, it's going back to amazon	2	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	doesn’t respond as well as echo 2nd generation	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Bought the echo show for my sons girlfriend it was supposed to come with a small Alexa.it never came with it? I thought it was going to come later but it never came? Very disappointed	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Often times it does what it wants, not what you want.	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I guess I could say it would be a nice unit if I didn't have to reboot it all the time. If it would obey commands and not do its own thing.  Give the wrong weather, locks up, will give wrong answers to questions.  Will sometime play the right show.  This thing has been a problem since day one.  From the reviews others are having good luck with this thing, as for us the idea of it is great but its a stinking boat anchor and can stress you out for all the times it has a mind of its own and just does not work.  Customer service was not help.	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Can not link to my other Alex	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I was looking into these for a while i thought it would be super handy in the kitchen this is the biggest waste of money it constantly freezes and has to be reset. You ask alexa to so something it only works about a quarter of the time asking it show you episodes of shows is nearly impossible without a back door way of command. Ill keep using my phone and throw this in the garbage a complete waste of time and money	1	December 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Yo tengo el Echo Show 8 y el Google Home, y este ultimo tiene mucho mas información y prestaciones que el Echo Show 8, la única ventaja del Echo Show 8 es la pantalla.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	fails to follow commands; does not recognize my voice.	2	January 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Software wise not refined at all. Wayyyy over complicated. Reading recipes and playing Amazon Music is all it can really do well.On top of that Amazon won’t price match unless it is completely returned. Why do I pay a prime membership again? Maybe I need to reconsider.It’s heading back to you Amazon!	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It is OK for what I use it	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Have to keep repeating command	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Purchased to video call with grandparents who live in Canada but didn’t work!! Super frustrating	3	August 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It used to be nice to have the Echo Show as a voice assistant and a digital photo frame. With a recent update, it isn't very great as a photo frame due to constantly showing odd suggestions instead of photos. It can't be disabled and the suggestions are really worthless.  It provides suggestions on phrases that I can use with the voice assistant but they are commands I already use regularly so not sure why it is reminding me that they exist.If you want to go with an Echo device, I would go with an audio-only one in the future.  The screen is more annoying that helpful.	1	April 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It's excellent for leaning your iPad against for when you want to watch Netflix or YouTube vidsDon't worry about the low resolution camera its good enough to see your wrinkley old grandma.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Nice for recipes or other visuals. The video calling is a tedious, tortuous process requiring the person to be called has the Alexa app. FaceTime has nothing to worry about if this is the best the echo 8 can do. Alexa still needs lots of work on word recognition. Alexa’ responses are hilarious if not accurate or helpful.	2	January 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	To view blink camera and blink doorbell	2	January 10, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This model listens and hears even worse than the original show.  I do not recommend.  Additionally it doesn't matter what volume you have it set to, it replies 60% of the time very loudly!	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This Alexa seems slow compared to my echo dot, and not as interactive.	3	September 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Doesn't sink with my google calendar	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I love Alexa devices.  They run my house.  However, this device keeps rotating recipes.  I don't cook that much and really would prefer news, weather, anything but recipes.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can't believe that the show 8 does NOT allow adjustment of the Clock face (size / type etc.)This was a well received feature of the show 5  -  This is like a step backwards in functionality that Iwill miss and am deeply disappointed with.  Considering a return of the two I purchased...What's up Amazon ????	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Video call is great. Doesn't always get the questions correct. Trying to get it to work with with other devices I'm still working on. Can't get prime tv to work yet. Not easy	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The downside of this is The timing on a clock is super small. I brought this to replace my alarm clock and can't see it although the screen is big.	3	February 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Would also like better touch-screen controls for smart home devices.	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I wish it had a full-screen clock option like the show 5 has. It would seem that it would be an easy update.	3	May 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Its isn't very useful to me because I'm not going to start using all of Amazon's apps, etc that coordinate with the Echo. I prefer to connect it to the apps I currently have, and not purchase MORE apps and wireless equipment.  I also prefer that the Echo screen were a touch screen, instead of only voice activated.	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I dislike that when I’m video calling my family in and out of town half the time we have to read lips. There is no sound. It goes on and out. 😢I’m very disappointed.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The product wouldn't connect to my wifi, so I live-chatted with Amazon to see what was up.  It took approximately 75 minutes for the agent to tell me to do everything I told him I had already done.  In the end, it was decided that the product was defective and I should exchange it for a new one.The new one came to the wrong address (home, where nobody is during the day, vs. work, which I'd requested), and was Refurbished, in a plain black box instead of the one the Echo Show should come in, with even the Refurbished sticker sliced open, and missing the power cord.When I called to complain and request a THIRD item, I was told that I'm only allowed to exchange an item once.  They would instead reimburse me for the second item, and I could go back in and order another item if I wanted to.This is a gigantic pain in the ass.	1	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa can’t hear me half the time, I have no issues with this on my echo and dots. I bought this to replace the non-smart device I had for weather, date, time... however this one won’t even display the date, I have to ask Alexa what the date is instead, I can’t believe Amazon left out such a basic and expected feature.	2	November 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Has gas lo que hagas lo cuides como una joya internamente el equipo es de muy mala calidad piensen bien no lo compren tan pronto se le expira la garantía sale estas líneas internas de pantalla ( repuesta de Amazon comprar otro y bota ese )	1	May 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Huge design flaw in both this 8 inch and the smaller units in that Alexa decides what you will see on your home screen.  Clunky as heck to get it to act as a slide show (one would think this is as easy as falling out of bed).  Once you get a picture you like, too bad because Alexa is hell-bent on constantly showing you Covid-19 tips.  There is no way to make it stop.  Walk by it and say ""Alexa, show my home screen"" and you will be happy for a few minutes.  Then it's back to the old  rant about Covid.  WHY?  Might as well just get one of the little hockey pucks since there is nothing to see on the ""show."""	1	October 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is by far less usable on this device than any other I have. Alexa regularly performs the wrong activity when given a command. Alexa does not understand the stop command on this device. The device frequently takes on a mind of its own which requires unplugging the device to make it stop. The sound quality is at best sub par. Voices when playing something as simple as the news are bad at any kind of elevated volume. The screen is fine but the much less expensive Dot is a better device.	2	December 29, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Still learning how to use this	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Excellent sound quality and video. Alexa interactivity needs lots of work, is often frustrating. Not recommended for vegan/vegetarian due to constant offerings of meat cooking vids. Needs more movie and TV viewing choices.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s ok but I was upset as I thought the ring doorbell camera would automatically appear on the echo hub when someone arrives in front of camera but it does not do that.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	ECHO devices now create their own little insecure network for a feature called Sidewalk.  Yes, Sidewalk steals part of your broadband data.  Yes, you can turn off Sidewalk.  But beware!  If you turn off sidewalk, All of your echo devices within earshot will respond to your commands.  I contacted help and they told me I could use different wake words for each of my devices to fix the problem.  Great, I have four devices on my first floor and they want me to remember which wake word goes with which device?This is unacceptable!  I just got comfortable enough with Amazon to get annual subscriptions to Prime and Music Unlimited.  Those will be cancelled and my Echo devices thrown in the trash.	1	October 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I returned the item it was more complex than I needed- Thankyou	3	October 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The device is fine, good size screen.I noticed this device has more trouble responding fast that the rest of my devices.It is annoying that if you are watching something and you ask Alexa a question it takes her forever to automatically resume whatever it is you were watching.But the most annoying thing is that there is no Netflix integration. I have Prime Video but I also have Netflix and it kind of sucks I cannot watch Netflix on this device.... same thing with Youtube.	2	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Amazon Prime Video stopped working just ""conveniently"" after the return period. This was one of the major reasons we bought this. Have even reset back to factory defaults as well as ensured had the latest update and tried various things again and again to no avail.  Nothing works. One would think that an Amazon manufactured product could certainly play its own Amazon Prime videos as was initially advertised.  I do not recommend this echo show or the echo show 5 if you mainly want to play Amazon Prime videos.  They are both complete failures in that regard.  I did not call Amazon to troubleshoot as I doubt there is a solution other than Amazon pushing out an update.  Furthermore, I feel I should not have to call Amazon as their own videos should work on their own product. Not happy! Smh"	1	June 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Hate that its limited information you can ask	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought the blink mini together with the alexa echo show, hoping to use them as a baby monitor..... the camera set up was fairly easy, but a major problem is tha it doesnt have continous live view. Every couple o minutes the camera stops the live view, so its not very helpful to monitor my baby all night.It should be something easy to fix, hopes blink gets it right	2	July 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Music for my husband, only would play for about an hour then would go silent and turn black! I purchased it for his birthday and had it for about three weeks before I presented to him! Had to ship it back for repair or possibly a new one.	2	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This is a device that I want to spike onto a sidewalk. You have to talk 2 or 3 times to it to get it to do anything. I hate that I wasted over 100 bucks on a piece of junk. Good sound and whatnot, skills work good when it listens to you.	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I received the Show as a gift after already owning an Echo 2nd Gen.  I moved the 2nd Gen into the bedroom and put the Show in the kitchen.  The Show starts playing my ""Good Morning"" routine, but stops when it gets to the news feed.  It also won't respond to ""tell me a joke"" and some other simple commands like that.  The 2nd Gen still works fine (plays the full routines, etc.).  I contacted the Echo hotline at Amazon and they were unable to help.  Said everything looks okay from their end?????  There must be some type of conflict between the Show and the 2nd Gen, but nobody at Amazon seems to know what it is.  Frustrating, because otherwise, the Show is great for recipes, etc."	1	September 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this device for one reason - to serve as a digital photo frame for my mother that her distant children and grandchildren could upload photos to via a cloud app.I read the reviews about the ""Things to Try"" display, and how to stop them.They don't entirely work.Also, there is no way to remove the time from the display, so the time blocks faces and other features in photos. Further, even after asking Amazon staff, there is no way to control the speed of the photonrotation. There is supposed to be an option to change the speed, bit it does not work.I'm so disappointed with the lack of customization on this device and will be returning."	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Return the Echo Show 8 and stayed with the Echo Show 5. Was disappointed we couldn't have the clock larger size and in the middle of the screen like Echo Show 5	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Add some different voice options.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Would be really nice to have different clock faces. Is in work out room. No way to count seconds. When i asked why. answers are. It has stopwatch. Or set a timer. Well then i have to yell  at this thing every 30/60sec. Or 2-5 min for for an hour. That bull dung.	2	March 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This was pretty much as I expected, except for the clock. I expected to be able to customize the clock like on the show 5, but that is not the case.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My Echo Show 8 arrived about a month ago and has not been able to display recipes since day one. You touch on the recipe and the screen goes blank. This also happens for news and other articles that popup on the screen. tough one them and the screen goes blank. I called Amazon support and they told me this will be resolved in a future software update but could not say when. My show 8 had the latest update already. My wife and I are very dissatisfied.	2	January 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It’s a fun gadget to have around the kitchen. The video streaming option is cool, but excluding Netflix from your offerings while including random services like NBC is lame.	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	it was working fine then it updated and its never been the same. I used to have the weather displayed and my amazon picture in the background but now since the update all i get is the default blue screen and can't get my photos or additional weather data to show up. Its suppose to be one of the best smart speakers but all it is for me now is an expensive amazon dot.  AMAZON needs to fix their update ASAP.	1	December 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s good if you ONLY like watch prime and YouTube.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Man this is a great speaker, but honestly the fact that you CANNOT disable the ""Try Alexa, play the podcast, or show me a recipe"" on these devices makes me LOVE my Google Home screen so much better. It doesnt tell you to try alexa on top of every picture. I believe this is subliminal messaging that Amazon is using to try to get people to USE Alexa more, by forcing them to literally always think about it whenever they look at the display, which is ALL THE TIME...Please Amazon, I know you have so much money you could probably give these away just so people will be a part of your ecosystem, BUT for those of us that paid money for these please allow us to disable this TRY ALEXA nonsense that really clutters the screen, which is the main reason people by this over a standard ECHO etc.Thank you SO MUCH for listening Jeff!!!!We couldn't do this without ya!"	1	January 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I'm not sure why but when listening to music on this device it sounds good, then minutes later degrades into a low quality sound. I have to power down the unit and restart it to bring it back to normal?  Defective or fundamentally flawed?	2	June 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The speaker is pretty terrible so Alexa does not work great and the ability to hear (over kitchen noise) is problematic. We’ve had great experiences with our other echo products - this one has a pretty big gap to fill.	2	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I am very disappointed in the Echo 8.  I bought this for myself as a birthday present, plugged it in ASAP and tried to begin... then the Echo 8 shut off.  So I restarted it, and it did it AGAIN!  This continued for 3 more times and then i got it.  I started listening to my 80's tunes and the stupid thing SHUT ITSELF OFF AGAIN!!!  I know its not our internet since all of our electronics work just fine.  So I downloaded a book on my kindle (Echo 8 for dummies) and this had no information.  I am returning and just getting my money back.  So disappointed	1	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Clock and display is not like the show 5. I like the show 5 but want bigger screen like the show 8. Wish you could of combined the two it would have been perfect.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We are trying to use the video chart feature & it just will not work! Our son cannot see us at all on his end& we are getting lots of squealing noise! Very disappointing!	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition wasn't as good as our Echo plus we used to have in the kitchen.  It constrantly misunderstands what we've said.  The sound isn't as good either.  6 months in and it's starting to act funny like it is dying.	2	June 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I didn’t like, most of my songs are not listed unless I upgrade and pay $3.99	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is really good!!	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Updated from 2 to 1 stars after using 2 weeks 12/13/19:Seems like it's getting slower.  We have to repeat commands several times to get it to work.  The device will recognize what we say but not actually follow through. Will be returning and going with a competitor.Original review:Traded the original Echo first gen to this model and so far have been very unimpressed. I will give it a few weeks to see if the software improves, but so far it takes 2-4x longer for simple commands to register compared to the original model.  Still prefer using Google Home as it beats the Amazon AI in almost every way, but I prefer the Amazon integration so I want to leave out hope.  On the plus side and screen quality and sounds quality are great.Pictured: Asking Alexa to ""play semisonic -secret smile on Spotify"" keeps playing some TV show I've never heard of."	1	December 6, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo Dot has better sound than this! Very disappointed. I expected it to be awesome with how well my Dot sounds. This sounds like someone has held a phone up to a tv speaker to record a song. The picture quality is excellent. Alexa sounds perfect. Fix the music playing on it and it would get a 5-star rating.	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I love this but it keeps needing to be reset. If I say play pandora it will say playing pandora no music comes out and I have to reset it. Other than that its awesome	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	This is a second Show 8 and this one get me headaches to connect to my wifi, the previous one is working fine. This change the way the clock is displayed and after several calls from the tech support I discovered it was because a new software upgrade on the device and they promised to call me in 72 hrs to continue the support but that never happened. I think a good product can have issues but the supplier must have a technical support to a high standard level. The behavior from Amazon tech support is not even a basic level support, they don't prove they know they products and they don't stick to they word up to the resolution of a call.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Too much bass.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	When making a video call the angle of the camera is tilted up. So need to stand up and close to it. Unless you prop device in the back to make it level.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	lo voy a regresar por que es difícil hacer que Alexa entienda en español tengo que gritar a pesar de que tengo el dispositivo en una mesa de noche justo al lado de mi cama, los skill no siempre funcionan bien se frisan no están sincronizados especialmente las cámaras de vigilancia que esa fue la principal razón de comprarlo tampoco pude enlazarlo con mi tv TCL Roku Alexa nunca pudo hacer la conexión a pesar de que la skill estaba funcionando correctamente es pésima la tienda de skill a pesar de que los artículos digan que son compatibles con Alexa muchos no están en la tienda de skill hay que buscarlos directamente en Amazon.com para mi no fue algo útil termine comprando una tablet porque la realidad es que cuesta un poco de trabajo agregar dispositivos nuevos y hacer que funcionen correctamente	1	June 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Besides it spying on you to find out what you need to shop for, it just kind of sits there taking up space and being creepy. It was a gift or I would have never bought it. It's not like my iPad can't do a thousand things more than it can without the creepiness. Nice speakers, though.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I am unable to connect to Vivint, my doorbell camera.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It is okay, it was a gift.I watch some programs on it, a movie once in awhile.Sound quality is great.Don't know about integration, probably won't connect to everything else.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Speakers already blown after just a few months ...the echo 5 did the same and I exchanged and purchased this one for the extra 45.	3	April 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No problem with Elexa 10. Got an Elexa 8 unit but had to return it because drop-in party complained constantly losing sound.  New Elexa 8 has similar problem but not as bad.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	This Aleca needs to go back to school.  Not very smart like her sister on the echo 5!!!!!	3	June 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Still learning and trying different things.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	would not sync with wifi without password	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The user experience was ruined with the latest update. The small clock in the upper left corner has changed to a very large clock that takes up nearly a quarter of the screen. I use my show as a photo frame when not interacting with it. I've attached a picture of a family photo with the new clock. My other major complaint is that my photos are now interrupted by a new frequent and very intrusive ""alexa for your day"" screen (picture attached - notice the small clock because they want you to see their spam). It shows up every 3 to 5 photos. I've come to hate the echo show!"	1	March 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	When the 8 can do the same things the 5 can, I will buy one.  I love my 5, so I said self, an 8 would be even better.  But I was wrong.  I like the size of it, and the heft of it, I can't push it across my night stand, but the clock font is way too small and even more dumb it can't be adjusted.  It's awkwardly positioned in the upper left hand corner, making it difficult to see, and there is no date on the home screen any more.  The 5 is but better suited to me.  Had to return unfortunately.  Please give us the option to use and customize the whole screen , not a just a tiny percentage.  I would give this a xeyedjohn do not recommend if you want to use this to tell time and wake up with.	1	December 6, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Wish there had been better instructions/support	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Wish the clock that displays at night is bigger. I had an Echo Show 5 and was expecting that the clock would display larger with the Show 8. This is very disappointing.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Having trouble making calls.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"We bought this for monitoring cameras around the house and music- our son loves to play DJ and ask Alexa to play songs. It has the words printed and is wonderful- except it only plays the songs about half the time. The other half it just sits there showing the song is finished. We have to unplug it and restart- then it works again. The same happens with out cameras. They connect and work then they just stop and we have to disconnect and relink them. When using our cameras they are constantly ""buffering"" and then it goes back to the home screen after 5-10 minutes. This is a pain and frankly not what I want out of a device over $100. Fix the bugs."	1	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Probably a good device after you learn it’s capabilities. I have a lot of trouble integrating to it and it does know near as much as google it seems to me.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"We replaced an Echo Plus with the Echo Show 8"" in the kitchen and it doesn't hear as well. We need to be closer to talk to it."	3	February 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The Echo devices used to be the gold standard, today though, they are a sad excuse for a ""smart"" device. They are terrible for anyone with accessibility issues as they are constantly adding ""features"" that make navigation and requested prompts be bogged down with ""by the way"" follow-ups to try and sell you junk. Integrating shopping prompts, ads, and spam are constantly plaguing and disrupting the user experience."	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Me desagrada que cuando escucho musica, esta se escucha pesimamente, el aparato no ha sufrido ningun golpe o maltrato como para que las bocinas funcionen tan mal.	2	September 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I dislike that I can’t really specify what I want but get a facsimile instead. I will use it for phone contact. I use it for music and a timer now	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Package delivery times are ridiculous.  First alexa was right on.  Present outside temperatures aresometimes hours behind.I do like her for most things.	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s OK. A little underwhelmed but it works fine.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Amazon and Google annoying battle of the idiots makes this device all most useless. I want it to display my pictures from my phone I have a Google account with 2TB of storage I already pay for. To get this to work with my phone I'd also have to buy 2TB of storage from Amazon to display my photos. There is no valid reason this device shouldn't work with Google photos other than these two idiots fighting over who can have what and in the end the users suffer as usual. Don't expect this to work with any Google services and be away if it does it could go away at any moment.	1	February 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Micrófonos Muy Pobres, hay casi que gritar para que Alexa se active, mientras que mi echo spot y echo show 5 se les habla bajo y responden.	3	March 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The sound is amazing. I love having this in my kitchen to listen to podcasts, make my grocery lists, and look at recipes. It is a must have in my kitchen.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My advice to anyone considering an Alexa device would be to look elsewhere. Every few weeks there are new advertisement features that have to be manually disabled. There are continual recommendations at the bottom of the screen. And most annoying of all, now with virtually any voice interaction with Alexa there are additional recommendations outside the scope of the question. If Alexa was simply a digital assistant/digital picture frame/stereo/etc, this would be an incredible product, but Amazon just can't help themselves to take over and keep going further, and further, and further.	1	October 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Was supposed to get the white one, by the time I realized the error I could no longer get the sale price.At times Alexa does not understand simple requests.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Nice product features	3	February 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	the application is hard to use.No interface on the device to let you know what apps you have installed.Ring app missing video reviewA do not disturb mode after hours	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Had the old tower hub (No screen) and it was awesome, upgraded to the Show...It doesn't seem to undestand me as well, misses commands often...It's OK..But not as good as the other one.	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is not good.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Unable to connect it didn’t come with instructions I downloaded the app it wouldn’t connect to the echo	1	September 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I wish I could return this, it starts playing at random times on its own even when we aren’t talking. Typically when I’m standing in front of it, even when the camera is closed.	2	August 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	When placed outside, Couldn't connect Blink cameras to Alexa, even with a strong wifi signal. Works fine on all other devices.Touch Screen U.I. is not intuitive to me.	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	USE FOR EVERYTHING,SAVES ME A LOT OF TIME ALL I DO IS ASK AND I GET A ANSWER RIGHT AWAY! REAL TIME SAVER NO MATTER WHAT YOU NEED ALEXA FOR.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I gave Alexa specific information on recipes I wanted to find and  save in my cookbook and she couldn't find any of them. The Echo 8 was returned.	1	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I’ll have it playing music as part of a group with other echo devices and certain songs sound really distorted even with volume low.  I know it isn’t the sing because it sounds fine coming out if the other devices are the same time.  I’d love to get rid of this thing and just get another echo device without the screen.  I don’t use it as much as I thought would.	2	June 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Too hard to set up. Need visuals or written instructions.	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I’m not sure what I was expecting, but it wasn’t this.  I’ve used echo dots until talking  myself into this echo show 8.  Its annoying to have a device that can’t really be controlled.  You have to talk to it to even turn off the screen and then it will be back on when it decides it’s time.	2	October 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Seems like every couple of days I have to unplug and reconnect to reboot because it just stops working and does not connect when given a command	3	February 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Camera quality is not very clear.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Still getting used to it	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Worthless device.I bought this for video calling with family during the holidays. You can only call one person at a time. I chatted with Amazon support and they confirmed only two people can be on a call at a time. I wanted to group call - something you can do on Portal or Hub with 8 or more people. Expected Amazon to be able to handle 3 people on a call but guess not.If you're wanting this to call people, look for another device. If you're looking for something with Alexa and video calling, Portal does this better. I'll be returning the 3 Echo Shows I got as gifts since they can't do the bare minimum.	1	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It's not as good as I expected. It's very hard to watch any TV on it and stream player is a joke.  It needs a lot of work.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can't get it to work with ring	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Operating system and apps are too primitive.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I bought the Echo Show 8 to complement my Echo Show 5 expecting to duplicate the settings to match the Echo Show 5. Important to me was displaying the large clock face to match the Echo Show 5, i.e., ""Botanical"". It was not available for the Echo Show 8 and the clock digit size is even smaller than my Echo Show 5. (See enclosed photos.)  Even updating the firmware on the Echo Show 8 did not change anything.  I tried the ""Screen Magnifier"", but even when turned on it did not enlarge at all. Very disappointing!"	1	June 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Does not integrate with fire tv cube in same room well. Not the best at recognizing wake word. Have to use different command than cube. Ask for lyrics to a song, but only gives the first verse. Asked for song release date. Stated a  much later. The camera is angle so that if sitting at a table you have to place something under it to tilt camera down. Probably designed so you have to buy a expensive stand. Most of Alexa appearscto be getting dumber.	2	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Same as the other Alexa’s	2	January 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"OK for playing Prime Videos or viewing Ring/Wyze cams, but if you say ""Play a [topic] video"", then you have to start using touch screen to play one of them.  Most of the time it says it's showing a video, nothing happens.  Wish I'd just stayed with my regular Echo."	2	February 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I hate this thing.  I’m replacing it with an Echo Dot Clock.  I bought it for my kitchen because I wanted it to display the timers when cooking.  It minimizes the timer to the upper right corner shortly after it starts and doesn’t make it big again until the last 10 seconds.  It constantly says... you should try saying XYZ ... which is super annoying.  It also appears to be running an operating system that needs frequent updates as it uses way more data than any of my echo dots.  I’ve had it for a year and I’m done with squinting to read my timers.., this thing is getting replaced for Christmas.	1	December 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Great product but limited capabilities compared to Google Home.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	She cannot hear me in the same room. She won’t stream tune in station continuously. Keeps stop playing. So other than having to yell and not playing a Tune In	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	El tamano es perfecto, la calidad de imagen y sonido es buena. Solo que cuando das una orden alexa no escucha y debes repetir al menos tres veces, la ultima casi que gritando. La captura de sonido parece ser que no es muy buena. Esto comparado con otro dispositivo que tengo de otra marca.	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	alexa needs to listen better.  google on my android smart phone is a lot more comprehensive	3	June 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	wanted to use for staying connected to grandchildren, doesnt always connect.  picture is so-so	3	July 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Don’t buy.I purchase 2 sets of 2 show 8’s. I wanted to connect them as a stereo group with a sub. WELL I find out that this show 8 is the only show that you can’t pair together As a stereo group. The studio and the 5 can pair with each other for stereo. This 8 was supposed to be the latest and greatest. I called the Customer service and they tell me the techs are aware of the problem via other customers calling about this and other problems. Said it should take a software upgrade to fix this and other problems. They are not sure about it. They did not say what the other complaints were.Waiting for a software upgrade is useless. Been there, done that. still waiting on other devices.  Again don’t buy. As usual put for sale before it was ready.	1	April 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I've already exchanged my first one and plan on returning this second one.  Absolutely love it when it works, however, lately the sound has been muffled and 'Alexa' has been having trouble recognizing commands. No tech support answers except them wanting to send me a new one...which is most likely going to be muffled as well	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Not Bad	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Alexia doesn’t have a very good or large data bank to search for answers it can’t hold a cancel to google. The voice sounds like It has a stuffed nasal passage with no options to change it to more of an up beat voice like google.Also my Alexa application was just HACKED 05/16/2021	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa just doesn't listen. Half the te she doesn't respond, the other half she doesn't do what is asked. 4 times out of 10 will I actually successfully use her. And it's not just me. The wife and kids are having problems too. We were so excited to automate our home and now we are so disappointed	2	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I’m contemplating returning it, the “Try Alexa” feature sucks and cannot be turned off.Update.Within an hour of posting this 1 star review I received a call from Amazon support wanting to help me. Sadly there is no way to turn off Try Alexa, but they told me that they were sending recommendations to their product engineering team. Because of the call I decided to keep the device as I figured that with so many bad reviews this would be a priority for Amazon to fix. Almost 2 months later it is still there and annoying. How arrogant must a company be to continue to push what should be an optional feature on its customers. Our echo show is in a corner hardly ever used. I highly recommend that you stay clear of this product until the feature is fixed.	1	December 8, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I wish she was more personal and interactive like the sec. gen	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Commercial advertising  on shows	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I went into set-up and disabled practically everything, but I still get the 'say Alexa...blah blah blah.'  If there is a way to disable this it is not intuitive, so  I don't really care if I could follow 1 dozen steps to do this.  Just an ad for Alexa with some nice pictures in the background.  All the useful things it does can be done with the original unit.	2	May 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Do not like the misdirection Alexa takes when commanded to perform. I primarily use Pandora so, unsure whether this same glitch occurs with another app. I'll direct Alexa to play Pandora, and sporadically one of my six other echoes will start playing. Very annoying. Typically fixed by using the smartphone Alexa app.Used to enhance the family entertainment room.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this for the Show and Tell feature as I am visually impaired only to find out that feature isn't available on this device. Amazon continues to disappoint me.	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	You need to turn up the volume almost 3/4 of the way to get loud enough sound and music sounds lousy ..unbalanced and muddy .. wish I had NOT bought it	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Sickening, nauseating, constant, never-ending Amazon self-promotion. I've had it installed less than two hours and have spent most of that time defeating visual notifications to no avail.  Finally had to put in DND mode. I don't buy products to be advertised to,	2	May 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was in love with my echo show until I learned Restrict Access was a joke.  There is NO way to restrict access to YouTube and the internet.  It’s either make the echo unfunctional for an adult by installing Free Time, so I cannot access my Ring or Smart Home devices.  Or access these features but have the Echo unsafe for my children.  What is the point of Restrict Access if it doesn’t actually restrict access?!?!  I guess until this is fixed my Echo Shows are useless to me.  Very disappointing!	1	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I spent days trying to set up calendar and to see my photos just gave up  the sound has so much bass voices aren’t clear even after changing eq  it is good as a timer though	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Received as a gift, self supporting base promotes poor video transmission at a 40 deg. angle, need adjustable base for better video viewing for both parties when chatting .	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Alexa cannot be relied on to complete simple commands such as turn on light, turn off light, call -----. Almost every day I encounter a problem with her completing my simple commands because she says ""not responding"".  Also, she is programmed with a left-wing perspective which I do not appreciate."	2	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Please add a “screen time out” in the next update to make this a five star product. I do not want to scream to always be on	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No sirve como dispositivo música no está actualizado en música,	1	October 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Music and information	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Some things need to be worked out to have better fluidity. Need to be able to allow for more apps to stream videos on	3	March 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Help instructions too light	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have to shout at her to hear me. When her volume is at 4... There are times where I even say Alexa and there is no response.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	You should be able to resume movies and shows you were watching, but it doesn't work. It just plays the show or movie from the beginning. Very disappointing as this was a gift to bad I can't return it.	2	July 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is nowhere close to the dot instant wake word pick up the show 8 makes me yell the wake word to get a response	3	February 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was very excited when I first saw this. We bought this for in the kitchen, looking up recipes, the weather, listening to music. It is absolutely horrible! It does not listen most of the time, very limited to videos you can watch and it says it can not open prime music! It will play music from prime, but will not open the app, and then it will just stop for no reason. It says it will play Hulu, but it will only play the main account holders videos. The potential is great, but I feel it has been a huge fail. We have been trying to work with it for 4 months but it is just an ok weather station at this point. Now it won't stop when we tell it too. I do not recommend it and wish we would have returned it.	1	April 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Here's why I'm giving it 1 star. The Echo 5 has a clock face you can change, make analog or digital, have different colors, etc; it's the cool feature you see on all the commercials. The Echo 8 (this device) does not have that functionality, it only has a small 1/2"" clock that appears on the top left of the screen. This device also has this ""Try this on Alexa"" recommendation on the bottom of the screen that changes every 10 seconds or so; you cannot get rid of this, there is NOT currently a setting to remove it. Also the skill to control Amazon music is seriously lacking, all you can do is pause music or forward/reverse to the next song. I was hoping for more functionality like you get from the tablet or phone app.I was going to return this but decided to put it next to my kid's computer, they'll enjoy the picture slideshow functionality."	1	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I just bought it to see my cameras. Sadly I can split multisignal. Just 1 at time and can't control other function:like rotate. Also, delay is tooooooooooooooooo excessive. Then she turn off the signal after 10min minutes with no instructions. Skills are very poor and limited with another's device supported. Is like I bought a baby first device gift. Buy the cheap one.	2	September 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The visual is not  as crisp and clear as the echo5. Voice recognition is poor. Have to call it many times for it to respond.	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show is okay.  I thought it was going to be more like a tablet/iPad.Seems costly for a recipe or Amazon shopping device.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The unit is very good, except for the video call quality- any motion or overlapping audio traffic will cut the audio signal and/or pixelate the image.	3	February 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	the screen gets hot easily and doesn’t work at the first touch nor comand.is ok	3	June 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show is a good enough smart speaker with a nice video screen to enhance the experience but don't be fooled by the advertising that show how great it is for help in the kitchen. There is no way to get your own personal recipes to show up on the Echo Show. The Allrecipes skill is good for random recipes but you can't link to your account. This was the main reason I got a Show. Even else I use this for can be handled with with my Echo dot or Google mini. Extremely disappointed in this and it doesn't seem like Amazon or Allrecipes care to fix this. When/ if they do I will modify my review.	1	December 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I placed this in the kitchen, and I love it as a cooking helper.	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The show will often stop playing my playlist after 1 song.  It's difficult to rely on so I don't like to use it.	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Need operation manual. Don’t know it’s capability.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	works good,	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I returned it. Not a big fan of Alexa and foundMyself very frustrated and yelling at an inanimate object. That’s normally the first indication you have too many electronic devices or are going crazy. The sound was mediocre at best. I’m happy to pickMy own music,news, weather reports. Not a fun of this Smart technology either	2	November 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Spent a day using it and it's not worth the price. Screen only turns off when you ask Alexa and the screen temp were my biggest issue. The speaker is good but the premium you pay for the screen and stripped down tablet with little functionality isn't worth it. The better value alternative would be to just get the Dot and buy a Fire tablet or similar.	2	July 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The sound is good for about 7 minutes. Then it sounds like it's in a trash can. I'm on my second one, so I'm sure it's not a fluke.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this to use in the kitchen to see my doorbell feed and unlock the door. I had to set up a cumbersome routine just to be able to see the doorbell feed once someone pressed the button. It also wouldn't allow me to easily unlock the door either. Even with Alexa ready hardware the integration of this thing is light years below what Google has. I decided to return it and change to Google eco system which is way more practical.	1	November 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have the News Alerts turned off and yet I'm still continually getting news alerts and they are mostly political and are obviously hand picked biased and probably paid for. Who wants to keep seeing that stuff  appearing on one's device.	2	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	fue un regalo	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Not sure if my device is defective or Echo Show's in general do not have strong mic's, but this unit is a disappointment.  It is located in my kitchen and I use it a lot to add to my shopping list, well try to use it.... I have to yell from 5 feet away sometimes for it to hear me.  My whole house has echo dots scattered through it and usually one in the next room or even the upstairs bedroom hears me before this echo show.	1	September 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Our other Ehco devices mostly work fine but THIS show device is just awful!  Very dissapointed  So far most things I have tried utterly failed like for example video calling....it just hangs and does nothing and does not even release the screen ...And yes the devices (I phones) I tried contacting both DO HAVE Alexa App...Another thing that REALLY muffs me is using Sirius XM ....It works same as Ehco devices BUT it does NOT display ANY song information which ANY other screened devices like car systems and satellite services DO provide....my guess is Amazon hates providing anything they are not profiting from??  Which if that is true is just pathetic IMHO	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Wanted this so I could use the monocole app to view my front door cam. It's an IP cam that supports RTSP.Amazon wants to make it not ply well with other. Ok I'll buy others. Looks like a bit more $ but I'll go with a raspberry PI.ALSO, seriously, you can not set a routine to take you to a book marked web page?Wouldnt work as nicely as monocle but I could navigate to the IP address of my web cam and use it on the browser but I wanted this to quickly say ”Alexa, show me the front door”  if I wanted a tedious process of typing in an IP address with port designation I’d stick with the phone I have already purchased.Other than video calls to other people with this, what's the point?	1	May 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have to say “Alexa” more times than not for the echo to activate. The screen is nice and once playing music it sounds great.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Pues es muy lindo tener la pantalla, y yo quería uno, pero no hace mucho más que el Echo Dot, no vale tanto la pena.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Everything worked like it’s supposed to, but it would be nice if the clock numbers were bigger. I’m not disappointed in it, but not super excited about it either.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"My Echo and Echo dot will reply with some sort of ""I don't understand"" if they can't answer the question. This one just goes silent, no reply. It has asked me to try it's ""science news"" feature, so I say ""Alexa show me science news"" and it asks me for my zip code so she can read me regular news. WTF!?"	2	September 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have a bunch of Echo devices. This review is for the Echo Show 8 I purchased Feb 21, 2021. It decided to die Mar 10, 2022, 17 days after the warranty expired. A hard reset doesn't work, it just gets the amazon logo and the word FASTBOOT in the lower left corner.	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"If you are debating buying this DON'T!!! Not even close to being as good as Google. Very frustrating. Doesn't seem like a ""Smart"" device. You have to be exact. Even things it tells me to ask it, still doesn't work sometimes. Wish I never bought it."	2	April 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	These devices should not be sold together connection is absolutely terrible between the 2 constant buffering and it does let you record on the echo device you have to pay for online storage also the echo devices needs to be more user friendly. It is an absolute headache to go backwards when your doing something on a specific app you have to start over completely. There's not enough settings or a proper app store on this. It didn't not meet my expectations, this device needs a software makeover.	1	September 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We bought the Echo Show 8 to link up with our Ring doorbell. After hours and hours with Amazon customer service, it still doesn’t notify us when someone is at the front door. Amazon customer service said they’d follow up but never did. Everything else works fine except for the one feature we specifically bought this product for.	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased the echo show in October and it worked great until the latest software update last month. Now the screen will go black for no reason. My photos don’t show, i can’t see the time or the weather— it’s just a black screen. I’ve wasted so many hours on the phone with multiple customer service agents and tried every trouble shooting suggestion. I was allowed to exchange the device, but I set up the new one yesterday and within a couple hours, the same thing happened. So frustrating! There are many threads on the Amazon forum with the same issue.	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this to have in the kitchen to view recipes while cooking. You can't do that so I'm back to using a tablet or phone. There is no way to use the browser without it returning to the front screen in a couple minutes. You cannot set it to remain on the browser screen for a set amount of minutes like you can on a phone or tablet. Then you need to find your way back to your browser screen using your now wet or sticky hand every couple minutes or many times per recipe. What could be convenient is totally useless. A lot of money for a glorified timer with a screen advertising Amazon. 😁	1	December 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is horrible sometimes, it freezes during conversations. Alexa does not always respond after multiple commands. The video is quality is bad.	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Still learning how to use it.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"One hopes that a device like this will provide some convenience and save time.  It's quite the opposite.  Alexa's comprehension skills are far below the others like Siri.  Even with a single device connected (a lamp) Alexa often denies that anything is connected or sometimes asks ""which lamp?  Don't try to involve yourself in any verbal clarification.  It goes nowhere.Today Alexa started playing an ad - with sound.  It took several tries to get her to stop and there's no way she will understand that you never want her to play ads again.I once had NPR playing and when I got a phone call, Alexa refused to stop, no matter what command I gave.  I had to unplug the unit."	1	August 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I would like to tell you about sound quality, responsivness to voice commands, picture quality, build quality etc. BUT I CAN""T BECAUSE THERE IS NO WAY TO TURN OFF THE ANNOYING AND DISTRACTING ""TRY"" FEATURE COVERING UP MY PHOTOS!!! You would think Amazon would listen to the thousands of users searching desperately in every corner of that Interweb magical space thingy for a way to turn it off but I guess Amazon knows more about what we want more than we do. Total fail."	2	December 30, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this product for the show and tell feature as I am vision challenged.  I have not been able to get it to work!  I will keep the device instead of returning it as I have grown accustomed to getting other information from Alexa but I am disappointed that the show and tell feature is not working.	2	October 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	After a couple weeks with this device I don't recommend purchasing. Almost all of the settings have no effect on the device itself. You have almost no control in what this device does. The only thing that works is the smart home controls and multi room audio. If you want a very expensive beside clock that does almost nothing, this device is for you. The really sad part is that it's all issues from the software, out of the box everything worked great. After installing latest update almost everything is now broken. So you decide for yourself if you want just another expensive and useless device. I hope this gives people some insight into what to expect from this device.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Product very good overall but the camera quality is very poor. It is my understanding that it is only 1 MP. Software improvements is making product better.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It will not pair with my phone, so I cannot load my phone numbers to make calls. I get an error each time I try it, and called customer service and waited a very long time and they told me to go to verizon to get my phone to pair with alexa. WRONG ANSWER !!!! That is what customer service is supposed to do.	1	January 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Not the greatest at giving out information asked.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have one other echo device. This one doesn't understand me as well. Also when I get video calls I have to tilt the screen up	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	it does a nice job of displaying my cloud pictures as background. great to find recipes. won't display my documents available on other fire devices.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Sometimes I have to repeat the commands three or four times since it goes to the wrong thing or does not recognizes it.	3	February 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Initially thought this was great but 30 days in and glitches start to occur. Purchased to monitor stick up cameras but 1/2 the time it fails to connect even with a WiFi booster. In hindsight should not have wasted my money	2	May 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This is going to be better for my grandmother than it will be for me. I was hoping it would connect to my echo dots but it didn't.This doesn't play Netflix at all. YouTube is shoddy and I cannot cast to it. That is all I really wanted.Not so good. Would rather have a echo speaker alone.	2	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa does misunderstands directions constantly.  The alarm does not work because it keeps snoozing and not cancelling.  When you try to cancel repeating alarms it will cancel the alarm as a whole but would not let a single occasion tweaks.  The video call was very hard for aging parents to set up.  It hasn’t synced up to my devices when I’m trying to play music and it hasn’t synced up to the ring apps.  I am pretty tech savvy but am frustrated with this device.  Bezos needs to improve his products and customer services.  Shame on the richest man in the world.	1	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It is very badly developed for photo display. On a given day it picks few photos from the album and keeps repeating the same. Most of the photos never get displayed. It is very poor design. It should simply pick pictures in random and display, make sure in a single cycle it does not repeat the same photo. also phot display should have advanved features like - select specific photos from album for display. The other issue is the phot shuffle says 2 seconds, it is more than 6 to 10 seconds. Overall it is very poorly developed for photo random display.	1	April 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	video calling is good.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not bad	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	"Not good a linking with ""Ring"""	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Too much advertising and pushing of things which are of no interest for me.The music selection is good and the sound is just OK.It is good to know which group or musicians are playing.It can not connect via Bluetooth to my Premium Speaker (my old echo was capable of doing)	1	March 5, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Our Alexa officially went psycho. It talks for no reason- she literally just tells us the weather report all day even if no one is in the room. Had to unplug it to get her to shut up. The sound quality is good though. You can hear the weather report loud and clear downstairs.	2	December 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This product does not do what I had bought it for and what it clams that it would do and that is being able to make video calls to home and family, for witch it won't let me do and that is the reason why I bought it to begin with, so unless I can figure out how to get it to work, I will remain very unhappy with it. the funny thing is, my son bought one and he can call me on it and we can see and talk to each other, but I can't call him back on it or anyone else  :((((((((  Maybe someone can tell me what I have done wrong????	1	November 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I thought I can use this for video calling but it’s not working???	3	June 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We are having a rain storm but Echo show 8 is telling me there's no rain today,  like really 😐 plus I'm unable to open Amazon prime videos. I'm not impressed, this will be returned.	2	June 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	She is very stupid, probably if it was a do over I would have gotten a Google.  But I do like the video phone calls..	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Unable to video call using whatsappUnable to understand songs of other langaugesSometimes it keeps on repeating same stuff.Not satisfied.Too much of buzz sound..	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I LIKED IT BUT It would just Freeze up...and trouble with VOICE....I have a GOOGLE and no troubles.	3	April 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Device did not integrate well with other Alexas in home	3	September 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The 8 is the typical Alexa product. Unbeknownst to me i bought this 8 for my wife who works from home to be able to see the Blink Camera System i have installed outside the house. Numbering 4 cameras.  What is not specified is the the 8 will not receive the motion notifications from the blink system. ????????? C'mon Amazon!!!! You own both!! Integrate the two already.  SO,that is why only two stars.  Very disappointed...	2	March 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Very small clock face, hard to see!!	3	November 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Useless without the additional purchase of a $30 plastic stand.  Sound quality is poor compared to the echo show it replaced.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Like the product. Some things could get tweaked and made a little better. I use it to see my ring doorbell. For that it works great.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It didn't not come with a proper stand. I thought it would be more flexible as the tablet.  I am working with it.j	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	When someone tries to drop-in on me; it says the remote video is off; but I just finished talking using it so i know it works.  Sent in to have them fix it and they resent the same echo with the same problem.  i like the bigger screen but it's not worth the hassle.  i'm sticking with my Echo 5.	1	January 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Not any real use. Like a tablet glued to the table that doesn't do 80% of what a tablet can do.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I switched to Echo devices due to the superior sound quality only to be let dow with a constant “try Alexa....” at the bottom of every screen. Now for the past 5 months Amazon has decided to take it upon themselves to remotely activate featureS I had previously disabled. I don’t care what show to watch, I don’t care about popular recipes and I truly could not care less about the repetitious “helpful hints during covid 19” that anyone with a brain cell would know by now. All I wanted was a great speaker that would show me my photos and tell me the weather. It has become so much of a headache that the benefits of this speaker are greatly outweighed by the cons.	1	September 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Does not work well with Ring doorbell / floodlight camerasMAJOR FAIL - - - When porch pirates crossed into the property - - -THE OPTION TO TURN ON THE SIREN WAS NOT AN OPTION FROM THIS DEVICE AS THERE WAS NO SIREN BUTTON MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SCREENUSELESS USELESS USELESS	1	February 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I like I can see my ring cameras, but the sound for music is horrible.	2	October 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My echo show 8 was supposed to come with an Alexa smart plug, but there was none in the package. Otherwise I love my echo show 8.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The quality on the audio seems to decline randomly when trying to play music. When I restart it the sound goes back to normal but it gets annoying having to restart it every day. I've found that others have this problem but there doesn't seem to be a fix for it	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I think the marketing of this item to the rest of the world should be a bit more honest. It's not supported outside North America and some European countries.You shouldn't charge $100 and none of the features are available outside AmericaThe item was received less than 2 weeks ago and it's no longer coming on. The screen is plastic.Last time I'll ever purchase any Amazon proprietary stuff. Kindle didn't let me buy certain books as I'm located in Africa, Amazon prime won't let me watch certain programs on Amazon, but they are happy to charge me the same price for prime as someone in America that has full access to all of Prime Video.No I've bought an Echo that isn't supported in Lagos...Updated 15 Feb 2020Found a way to make this work in Lagos. Works perfectly now.	1	January 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I think the concept is great but it was difficult for me to set it all up.  I still can't figure out the video calling.  I also can't get it to recognize all my plugs for using voice commands.  It's been very frustrating.  I still may return it.	2	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s ok	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	It would be nice to have a real live person that we can talk to regarding issues and to request guidance in solving the issue...	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Can not use outside in AZ as it overheats even in the shade.	3	July 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have had to unplug multiple times due to not responding to my voice, random alarms going off when they shouldn’t, and the alarm not going off when it should. Lately the screen stays black and nothing happens.	2	May 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Me llego el producto, la cámara no funciona y  llame para que me ayuden a solucionar el problema pero al final nada, todo lo demás funciona al 100	1	August 4, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"This product worked for a year and 5 months for us and now it just stopped connecting to the Amazon app anymore! I've tried Unplugging and a factory reset it will no longer connect. Error message ""Echo can not connect to amazon"""	2	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I had the echo 5 and I can't stand the ""try Alexa"" phrases at the bottom. From all the reviews I read on the 5 I wasn't the only one. I hope Amazon realized that people didn't like this. I will be returning this. At least make it a option."	1	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	After the novelty of it quickly wore off, it's become an expensive digital clock sitting on the shelf under my tv.	3	February 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	no manual configuration from amazon they have to recognise camera as well as cloud app recognition . many cameras will not work because of this.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We have had about 15 Alexa devices in our home and this one is the worst. It fails to hear my voice when I am two feet away, standing right in front of it. Sometimes I have to yell at it.In order to get any kind of good sound quality, I have to unplug it and restart it. Then later in the day when I go to play music, there is no bass, and I have to restart it again. Pretty major flaw.Unfortunately I have no desire to reach out to Amazon support. I had an issue with another device recently and the three people I spoke to were completely worthless. That issue never got resolved.	1	October 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa won’t respond on it anymore! Yes I restarted the device and saying “Alexa” does nothing now.  It worked great for a while, but now it’s an expensive paper weight. Amazon’s website says it’s past the replacement date, but come on….it’s their device. I used to be able to order directly from it, but now I can’t. Seems like Amazon would want their own device to work so it could keep taking my orders! I would highly advise against buying an Echo Show.	1	October 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s not working as well as the smaller ones	3	August 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa doesn't recognize commands that good	3	November 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No clock settings?  I want a large clock with day and date. There are no setting for choosing this like on the Show 5.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Fails at times and some times gives unrelated results. Most contents this wants you to buy some thing or other from amazon. Annoying.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Works good. Voice recognition could be better; setting up contacts for device to device calling could be easier.	3	March 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	You can’t turn off the try Alexa on this! I at least was able to make it very occasional on the show 5, but it’s constant on the 8 no matter what you do. You can’t make the time display larger unless you put on do not disturb, and then you can’t use it! If you want to use this as an alarm clock or a clock at all, even though the echo show 5 is smaller it works much much better	2	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I would have gave it a five star rating except for the constant try Alexa this and try Alexa that scrolling across the bottom with no way to stop it. It is very annoying. I did not get this for a five year old child to play with	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Screen resolution is better than I expected, sound is excellent.I haven't had a chance to fully explore the functionality but I'm impressed so far.	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Poor voice recognition and app integration lacking.	3	October 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Get rid of the things to try. Enough people have requested it. Do the software update and have the option to remove it.	3	February 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's great but you can't add any other video apps using music is meh sound quality is great though I guess I expected more	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Great product.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Do not know whether mine are defect. But sometime it does not respond to voice command, unlike 2nd or 3rd generation echo dot.	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I wish I could manually add pdfs with my recipes. It would make the perfect kitchen companion	3	April 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I'm not a big fan. Amazon doesn't do a great job with software integration. The Echo Show has adequate hardware. Sound is good.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this to set up in kitchen to be able to video chat with family as well as see who is at my door with the ring installed.  You can only video chat with other Echo show's as long as the people you chat with have their device connected to a smart phone.  You can connect to the Ring but not sure how to set it to come on automatically if someone rings the doorbell.	2	February 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like it.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I have researched this and I see other folks have this issue--The screenonly stays on for a limited amount of time, then it switches to a home screen---so if it is showing you something, it only does briefly.  Is very annoying and makes a very good product, sub-par.	2	December 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	So disappointed and frustrated. I got two of these, one for my parents and one for my son. The plan was to give them as Christmas gifts but due to Covid we are spending our first thanksgiving apart. So I gave them to them early. Everyone was so excited! We were going to have dinner “together”. But now I am so sad. They will not pair together and I have chatted with Amazon for about 2 hours after trying to do it myself for a couple hours.  Not even the tech support could figure it out. I’m so bummed... now I have to tell my mom!!she was so excited.	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	NA	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Product doesn't work smoothly. Lags and needs rebooting often.	2	December 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Purchased specifically to interface with the XT2 five camera kit. When I launch 'discover new devices' Alexa can't find any. I'm instructed to launch the Alexa Show App ""That video service is not yet available in the Echo Show App"". I've tried a couple of other things but still no success. Oh joy. Not a happy camper."	2	September 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Great product but ads make it unusable. I got this device so I could upload photos and have them rotate on screen. I see more ads than pictures. Yes, I know there’s setting to turn them off but it doesn’t work!!! The ads still show up. I don’t like sleazy stuff like this. Make it easier to turn them off. Why are there ads at all? Never buying another one of these again. Just sell to your advertisers since you seem to love them so much. It’s better to get an echo speaker to control your smart devices and you won’t get ads. Amazon keeps losing my trust everyday. You can’t treat your workers or your customers right.	1	September 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The echo Show is basically one add after another! I can't seem to get rid of them even though I have made changes in the settings. If I don't figure it out pretty quick, it's going back! I don't need to be subjected to someone else's sports, news and politics!	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	She doesn't understand what I am asking for. I had a hard time getting her to get me the right news.	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Guess I expected a better integration of video available on the web.  What one gets is an big Echo Dot with a screen.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Processes are slow. Sound quality is good. Screen is good. Would be nice if you could use more applications from Android	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Ok if o. SLe	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The screen always turns on and always show some mindless pap news media I don't care about. Until screen off is a permanent command that is only undone by ""screen on"" I deem this pos annoying!!"	2	May 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have not been able to figure out how to set it up for use.  It wasn’t a good buy for me.  I have even reset to factory settings to try to start over but it still doesn’t do anything other than give me weather.	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed in the echo show. Reading tech articles about it, it doesnt do what I read or expected. It's just ok. They need to integrate a feature where I can tell alexa to display the echo show on a paired fire tv. Unfortunately I was told today by tech support, that's not supported.	2	November 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	At first Alexa was great but all of a sudden the screen turns black and all I see is the echo word in the middle of the screen, it freezes constantly at least once a day and I have to unplug it and plug it back in. It has updated yesterday as I saw it updating and it still froze and the time was all wrong, I need help with this. It was and is great when it works properly I love it ambit there is a lot of constant problems with it lately.	1	May 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I got this for my papa so it can identify objects. He is blind and alexa helps out a lot with him but the echo show i got isn't working right with the show and tell. It acts like it's going to work and there is no response from alexa.	2	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is struggling. She doesn't always answer and she gets it wrong more than right. I have other echos and don't have this problem.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Pretty good all things considered	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I already know what Alexa can do, the product has been around for a decade. Now that's all the device will show. I can't see the weather, news, sports scores, its ""Alexa for your day"" all day every day. I even use to have beautiful pictures showing, but after the software update, no more of that anymore except for a few seconds, then back to ""Alexa for your day"". I hate this product now. What a waist of money. I can't wait until Apple comes out with something."	1	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It will not connect correctly with my Dish receiver.  It hard to rate a product when not able to use to the way intended.	2	August 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Its a big downside for me that I’m unable to play my own music from my phone :(	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	unable to conference more than one, seems like old technology, behind the times	3	June 17, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Wen music is started it comes out garbled.  If the volume on the Echo Show itself is adjusted, the problem goes away, but it requires an extra step.  This device is part of a home sound system based on Alexa devices and is the only device with this problem.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Needs improvement On sound quality  And Internet	3	September 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I was happy with the device until it stopped working a year later.  I ordered the device on 10/14/20 (year ago today).  I talked to a representative who left me on hold and never returned to tell me if it was under warranty.  Now, I try to go through the return process again, but it now states the warranty expired yesterday.  This experience has been very frustrating and leaves me little desire to purchase another echo device.	1	October 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We’ve had our Alexa device’s for two years and out of nowhere they just stopped working no longer connect to any of our other devices. Don’t recognize our voices. I’ve tried resetting each of our devices and still nothing.	1	June 2, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It’s basically a tablet glued to a speaker. Works pretty well to show me my cameras. Sound quality for music is terrible though.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not very useful for the price.  Yes it can control my smart home but my homepods does it better. Im an IOS guys hmjust trying alexa since I always hear the hypes about skills. The tablet, actually the machine doesnt really able to do much. Even plain watching youtube is a pain to try to get to.  Oh, and i found it very strange that it cant even be use to shop on amazon easily. Everything is pretty much boice only. Lucky i bought it while onsale.  I cant understand why anyone would spend over 100 bucks for an echo with a so call screen	1	December 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I do love it but Alexa is not as smart as google.  I wish I would have done more research	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Y put a screen on it if you can't do anything well. OK so there is prime Netflix and Hulu but those apps  are seriously lacking. Can't search Hulu, not any part of it. If you are at the wrong episode in a show you'll never get to the right . Can't update things like what to watch via the device as well. The voice recognition picks up when it wants. When you pay for a music service but don't pay for the family plan you are only able 2 listen to it obb1 device. No problem but every device is set to automatically use that service as the main. Would b nice to be able to change that. How about allowing some decent apps on the device."	1	June 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Nope!  I can’t get it to make a phone call to another Alexia Show.  I’ve done everything I can.  And I have 2 Alexa Shows.  So not a happy camper.  Sorry.	2	May 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	GARBAGE. This is a brilliant piece of hardware but the UI/UX is mailed in. I thought amazon had some of the best software engineers?I bought this to use in the kitchen to view recipes and listen to Spotify. Well you can do each, but not at the same time.Play Spotify. Great. Try to open a browser to ore recipes? No music for you. And if you are playing to multiple units and open a browser on the show? You lose ALL music.I’ve had my gripes with other hardware/software disparities with amazon before. But this is crap. I now have 3 dots, a fire tv, an echo, a show 8, and 3 cloud cams...And I’m now researching which ecosystem (Apple or google) i am switching all my devices over to.Goodbye Alexa.	1	April 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have no need for thyat items	1	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Still learning how to use it..🙄 was very upset that it went on sale $40 off after I received it!😕	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Disappointed in the lack of streaming capabilities.  We have the 10.5” Show and expected it to have the same features.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s a photo viewer.  All portrait photos come up in the center of the viewer screen small, 2 inches x 2 inches.  The remainder around the photo sides is blurred out.  The landscape photos spread the whole screen.  I contacted Amazon and was told for portrait photos I would need to add the photos to the Amazon Photos, and then change the resolution.  That would take too much time for the amount of photos I have.  Most of my photos taken on my iPhone are in portrait mode.  This should be an easy fix for them.  They should not sell this until completed.	1	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Unfortunately I feel my google home hub is much better when it comes to integration of all my smart devices and lights. It seem like Amazon is trying but they keep missing the mark, yes the screen is larger and the camera is a nice feature but when compared to the google home hub its clunky and a bit of an eyesore. The whole ""try alexa"" prompts at the bottom of the screen are driving me insane! They need to give us a choice if we want that feature. The sound is great but the whole device is over priced and honestly not worth my counter space.."	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	does not rotate thru my pictures . keeps having a black  screen. wont show the weather only the time and black screen.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I’m only 43.  I’ve worked with computers and electronics most of my life.  I do not understand have to get this thing to do the most basic of tasks.  Forget any useful app (skills…whatever) you may want to use.  It won’t understand.  And if by chance it does.  It will tell you it is already installed.  But that’s it.  It won’t actually let you open or use it.  Im about to punt this thing through the wall.	1	August 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I received my Echo Show 8, unboxed and set it up in about 5 minutes. I watched an episode of a tv program and found the whole experience great. I was pretty thrilled. Unfortunately, within about an hour the screen went blank and the unit stopped responding. I performed restarts and resets let instructions but no love. Then the screen began to flash colored lines. At this point I was pretty disappointed so I contacted customer service. I spent 10 or 15 minutes and they said they'd send a replacement. Nope, out of stock. Would I take a refund and buy another one later in a retail store? Uh, no. I bought it under a deal day offer. Very frustrated. I've read reports of failed screens in other reviews. I think there is a lack of quality control somewhere in the chain. Haven't decided what to do yet. They are supposed to call me back if the get stock next week. If not I guess I'll just take a refund."	1	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Really sort of a waste. Takes more time setting up than it should. So you can show some of ur iPhone pictures...big deal!	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t know how to use these features and instructions are vague.	3	June 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	.meh	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	Would be a lot better if you could run Apps on it.	3	June 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Voice/word recognition is really bad.  I had a shoe prior and never had problems.  Maybe mine is broken and needs repair.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Had to send first one back bc speaker blew after a week.Alexa is annoying she repeats the same good news. Hope you’re into Fox News because that’s all she seems to know how to report.She is decent for recipes and music- really the only reason we decided to keep it.Kinda scary how since we got it everything we talk about ends up as an advertisement someway shape or form.Nowhere near as smart as Google.Alexa tends to randomly speak too, not quite sure why but out of nowhere she’ll answer a question no one in the house asked.	1	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Purchased this to video call my mother.They said when purchasing, you could video call. However due to the sales pitch, I found this was false advertising. my mother don't have a smart phone and this product can't video call anyone because it don't have a video calling app in it. What they didn't tell you is you needed a smart phone for video calling otherwise you call just on a regular phone. I can't believe the ignorance of not adding there own calling app to the product! My purchased turned out to be an expensive telephone with Alexa built in it. I would not recommend this to anyone!	1	November 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa still kinda sucks let’s not lie and this thing isn’t near as good as the google sorry amazon	3	February 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I wanted to use the Echo mainly to view recipes and listen to music. I'm finding that I have to be extremely specific to get within even the ballpark of what I want. It's not very intuitive. I'm more frustrated with it than anything.	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Every single update, Amazon adds new ""features"" to spam your homescreen with. I want to see my home screen, not reminders of songs I recently listened to, shopping suggestions, to-do list suggestions, etc.I swear to god, every update, a new random thing is enabled by default and taking my homescreen over. We won't even get into the potential privacy implications if this randomly showcases things you play on the Spotify app (since you can play audiobooks, etc. on there).I'm not huge on google's ecosystem, but it's become a no brainer at this point to leave the echo behind. A truly bizarre misstep on amazon's behalf... actually, a continual series of them."	1	October 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Decent value. Would be nice to have default volume. Maybe it can do that. Always adjusting volume. Stands are too expensive.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Got a couple good weeks out of this and then non stop problems. Music keeps shutting off, alarm never works, doesn't play what I ask for. DO NOT BY A ECHO SHOW, stick to the non show Echos. 0 for 2 on these.	1	May 15, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed, it doesn't connect to ring service through the skill, so I can't watch the ring cameras that I have around the house. That was one of the main reasons why I bought it. I have contacted Amazon about the problem and I have talked with a service tech that acknowledge the problems but was not able to solve them. I was told that they would keep in touch with me but after the second unsuccessful phone call I haven't heard back....Maybe Amazon is just trying to avoid a returnAs far as other functions,  voice recognition is quite good. Sound is good for a device of that size.The screen looks good but the response to any touch action is very slow. It needs a faster processor, I would rather pay more for a device that works smoothly and without bugs.	1	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"We had seven Echos in our house, and then we received a new Echo Show 8 for Christmas.Pro:  Pretty good sound.  ""Show me the front door"" works with our Ring camera.Con: There's no way to disable the frigging ""Try Alexa"" rolling advertisement on the home screen.  It sucks.  It REALLY sucks.  And Amazon doesn't have an option to pay more to remove the advertisement.  Imagine if your toaster was continuously (24 hours a day, 7 days a week) trying to persuade you to make new and different kinds of toast.  And you had PAID your own MONEY for that toaster.My next home automation speaker is going to be from Google.  I'm tired of the continuous up-sell from these bozos.Thanks a lot, Amazon."	1	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Not sure why but all of our Alexa’s are all of the sudden incessantly “talking back”.Please I beg of you, add an option for the user to turn off “by the way” suggestions. No one wants to hear a 2 minute talk back after asking the time. It’s annoying and makes me want to return every Alexa we own and switch to OK google.	1	December 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	So it doesn't do what anyone in the house asks it to do. I would typically be annoyed by this but at least my wife now knows what's it like to be ignored, so I have that going for me. But seriously, it's terrible. I consider going Office Space on it every time I use it. It has a touch screen but it doesn't have enough functionality to be useful. Everything needs to be activated by voice and it takes 3-8 attempts to get it to do what you want it to do.	1	May 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	horrible having to disconnect to take it to another place in the house, it takes forever to reconnect to the internet, low image quality, not compatible with apps, is heavy	2	July 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have many amazon devices, including the Echo Show 5.  Unlike that device, you CAN NOT display a large clock  on the Echo Show 8.  Nowhere is this listed on the web page!  As a software engineer myself, I do not understand why this isn't offered on this device despite the cries of 1000's on the internet asking for it to be on all of the Echo Show devices.  Please stop ignoring everybody.  Returning this.	2	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Manage voice smart devices poorly	2	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Says it’s connected to my phone, but nothing works with my phone. Can’t get Pandora to load and it’s not recognized in my Alexa device list.	2	July 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Better apps with youtube apps tv and regularWay to automatically turn off screen after defined period on inactivitysmaller plug	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa doesn't understand me 60% of the time. I speak clearly and use basic vocabulary. It's a mystery to me.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Once past date of return...constant issues.  Doesn't want to connect to play radio, stalls or delay.  Shame 8n Amazon for not having CLEAN versions of music in free music choices	2	July 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This product has great speakers and display, but very limited apps that can actually be played thus limiting what can be viewed.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	It’s sad you have to download apps but some apps are unavailable a lot of apps are unavailable this thing is limited	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Videos on YouTube pausing with circular symbol to show content, very annoying.	3	June 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	There is no option to setup the date and time to show full-screen.  You have to turn on the magnifier and magnify the date and time.  It doesn't stay magnified though and is a bit buggy.	2	April 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Ordered this to replace current show that was glitching all of the time and having serious technical issues. Hope to the newer version would be better. It's not. We have a brand new device and it glitches all the time and rarely works for functions correctly. Would not buy again.	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Has more issues than our echo dot and original Alexa device.  Maybe another two years and it’ll be better	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Muchas de las funcionalidades que se supone ella tiene no funcionan y si lo hace es cuando quiere no cuando uno lo desea	1	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Product needs better customization of the home screen. Need an option to turn off the Alexa suggestions at the bottom of the screen.	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"My FireTV Cube workflow:""Open Settings.""  Works.  ""Go down.""  Works.  ""Scroll right""x3.  Works.  ""Select.""  Work.  ""Go down"" (to Developer Options).  Works.  ""Select"" (to enable ADB debugging).  Works.  I can now control the Cube from my computer.My Echo Show 8 experience:""Open Settings.""  Works.  ""Go down.""  Fails.  ""Scroll down.""  Fails.  ""Select"".  Fails.With a caregiver's help, I get to Developer Options.  No ""ADB Debugging"" option exists.If Amazon fixes these issues, I will happily give this product 5 stars.  Until then, I can't.  This device currently fails to offer the independence needed by someone like me."	1	June 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I almost lost this product which was delivered to a different home.	3	June 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Na	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Show 8	I spent hours trying to set it up and then hours with customer service.  They couldn't get her to work either.  She couldn't recognize apps, find music or news stations on a regular basis.  She had good days and bad days and the bad days kept getting worse.  After 10 days all she could do wsa tell me the weather and the question of the day. Apparently a memory problem.	2	February 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Poor sound quality, Alexa doesn’t understand too questions	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this for my 88 year old father - I was hoping the home screen would show the time, month, & date when he viewed it each day. Found out the month & date cannot be displayed on the home page - really - why can this not be added as an option.  Until the home page is give this option this will continue to be a disappointing purchase	2	March 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The Google hub was much easier to navigate bit I'm now getting around on Alexa better 2 weeks in	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	First thing Amazon is a pain after I received this unit. A constant non wanted wave of text messages to my phone.I have disconnected the unit, it quickly overloads my WiFi  system and shuts it down. It puts me over my data limit. It was a gift so I will keep other wise it would be in the trash. I have ordered a better router which should handle the increased traffic, but I don't think its value is worth the cost of an unlimited data plan.It may be OK if Amazon would just leave me alone.	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	No me agrada que hay que hablarle fuerte y demaciado serca. La interaccion muy limitada. La uso para consultas.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No funciona con Wyze, le doy la orden y solamente escucha y no aparece la imagen de la cámara wyze.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We bought 3 so we can talk to our daughter and son at the same time. It does not do 3-way. Highly disappointed	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa won't help for my questions, example, on the screen it shows the temp. as 28, in realty its 8 deg., why can'tI reset this? why can't Alexa know the answer? I would really like an simple way to correct problems.,	2	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Purchased for my elderly father so we can video chat with him during COVID.During setup it was found out that in order to setup and continue to use a smartphone must install the Alexa App and stay signed in for the device to function.  Unfortunately he only has a flip phone and unable to use a smartphone due to issues with his hands.Since the device is using WiFi why can the device not simply allow setting up an account on my Dad's computer so he can keep his flip phone?  I now have a useless Alexa Show.	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	WOW! Way to screw up the basic function, listening! Why are there a handful of mics pointed to the rear of the device? Why does a show device never hear me or understand me? Cheap design, lasy engineering. Standard Amazon joke of a device. They should hire engineers to design something that isn't so blatantly half-assed.	2	September 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Pros:Excellent Build QualityEasy to Navigate Settings and All FeaturesBright High-Resolution ScreenChoice of ColorsQuality Speakers Given the Price PointCon:ConstantQuality speaker and screen with one glaring exception --- The constant advertisements running on the screen ruins the experience of the whole purpose of the product. I would not recommend this product to a friend for that reason.adverti	2	April 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Did not think I would get much use out of this, but I was wrong.  I use it all the time.Quit working after 6 months.  Now what do I do?  Throw in garbage?  Its too late to return.	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s fun and all, just wish it could use apps. If it does, then I need help finding them	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	it  sometimes works when I want to find things.	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"This echo show is not worth it. the only upgrade over my older echo dot is the screen. but the screen comes with its own disadvantages. hate the ""try skills"", more advertising than real use. cant switch off the feature. the sound quality is about the same.update: i got the echo show during black Friday. following Tuesday amazon started advertising the echo show ships with a free echo dot for the same price, i called back to see if i get that and they said i need to cancel send it back and reorder. my card will be charged and then refunded...i feel amazon polices are going downhill every passing day.update: i regret trading echo spot. echo spot could control my firetv. echo can not do that."	1	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I wanted this so I could connect with my ring doorbell but I can't get it to work.	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	So basically it worked great for about a year but now it will not connect with the WiFi. I have tried: separating the bands and trying to connect to the 2.4ghz and 5ghz separately, changing WiFi name, changing password to exclude special characters, setting up guest network with different name and simple password and no password, I have factory reset it 3 times, I have erased saved passwords on Amazon, I have reset the router and nothing works. No support is optional through Amazon because it is past the 1 year limited warranty. So it is trash. Can’t say I’m impressed.	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It works well. I would prefer if I were able to put a full clock face on the display.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I like the larger screen, but the sound sucks.  Even worse is the microphones, It will hardly respond to its name and only recognizes about one out of four or five requests.  I ask it to turn on a light and it plays music or runs a video, absolutely stupid responses to requests.  It is so bad that my wife and I say words just to see what it will do next?  Total junk, and I love all of my older devices.  They have reduced the number of microphones and I think it just can't hear and understand.  I can't recommend this newer equipment to anyone.  I don't know what I will do for the next piece of equipment I buy.  It certainly won't be this worthless model.Don't waste your money!	1	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I’ve had to get tech support for the same issue that the menu doesn’t come up when I swipe down and it’s impossible to maneuver without the main menu.Sometimes Alexa recognizes commands but most of the time doesn’t. I’m considering sending it back for a refund	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Wish it can be little more customizable and able to get rid of the try Alexa line at bottom of screen.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Works good,has a good picture and good sound .But as it has been said in many other reviews the the things to try constantly going across the screen gets very old,and I've only had it a few days.I guess I'll keep it but I'd just as soon have my echo dot as this at least you dont  get the things to try with it.If you could turn that off it be alot better .	2	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Well it wasn’t too bad but I ordered another one for my uncle and they’re saying it’s not coming until March 11 I ordered it two weeks ago that’ll be almost 2 months I got a wait on it I don’t like that	2	February 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Unlike my other Echo devices, Alexa has trouble hearing when playing something.  Probably will be fixed in a future software update.	3	November 29, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"Worse than the deer oven mitts I received 20 years ago.  For example, Alexa cannot handle this command...""Alexa play the first episode of Flack on Prime Video.""  Responses have been trying to play a song called Flag, telling me it cannot connect to Roku (?), tons of ridiculous responses.  I don't have a speech impediment or any reason for the machine to not understand Flack vs. Flag.  Plus. Flack is a stupid Amazon show that shows up in my feed every 5 seconds, so I would assume Alexa/Amazon would be thrilled I'd even ask for it.  GARBAGE!"	1	January 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not very happy with this. It’s very glitchy and doesn’t recognize our voices very well......even while in the same room. Disappointed	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Good for answering questions; but couldn't use it to phone or receive phone calls....that part was a bit disappointing.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I got this as a gift, which was great because I secretly wanted one to answer tge Ring doorbell with.  Except once I got it to recognize the doorbell, it has never said anything except ""ring doorbell not responding.""  It looks to be a problem others are having.  Both are Amazon products, way isnt it a breeze to get them to work together?  If I get that working I'll change my review."	2	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It suits are purposes for now.	2	December 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Fine product but unhappy echo would charge additional fees $8-9 month for having additional units to upgrade music.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's a great product when Alexa can understand you, Amazon has some bugs to work out on it. ☹	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I don’t know how to use it. I have another eco and sometimes there is confusion as to which one responds. It was a gift. I’m sure there are many possibilities but I am elderly and not bery computer savvy	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My main reason for getting this device was the photos slideshow. Turns out the Echo Show 8 doesn't have the basic setting to change the speed of the slideshow. So let's say to have an album of 200 photos there, every photo would stay up there for an entire minute. And the weirdest thing - this option is available in Echo Show 5! The Amazon support representative as amazed to understand this as I was... Somebody just decided to remove that option and I would love to know why... anyway, this was supposed to be our primary use, now it's kind of useless. You can't have people stare at it for an hour just to see 60 photos.	1	August 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I don’t like the fact that when I ask Alexa a question she can’t answer 99.5% of the stuff! When I ask for news she repeats the same one news topic over and over. I feel that this is such a huge waste of money. The only reason I have not returned it is because I bought 3 just to video chat family members since I do not like social media in my family dynamic at all!	2	December 18, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Currently at Amazon repair facility. Have not heard anything from Amazon on estimated repair date yet	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa can't understand specific pandora stations when google will pull them right up. She also cant change the color of my lightbulbs? 😢Otherwise it fit the spot perfectly, and volume is GREAT.	2	May 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The device is a challenge. I expected a touchscreen that could access different apps and that was not the case. Alexa doesn’t understand you half the time—actually more than half the time. The devices favorite phrase is “sorry something went wrong.”	2	February 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I wish Echo 8 showed the date like my Echo 5. I do like the larger screen.	3	February 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It limits you to only being able to use their (Amazon) apps instead of being open to all. And you have to pay for all the good music/video/kids content because of course the little amount of content they do have sucks and is basically for advertising the rest of their programs. Waste if $$$!!!	1	January 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	This is fine if your looking for something to play music or ask a question.  Do NOT buy this for video calling people.  It’s impossible to call anyone that isn’t on your account.  Read others reviews.My phone does a better job than this waste of money	1	March 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	If you're someone who isn't afraid to push the buttons and experiment to see what happens, don't bother with this book.  I got one tip from this book.  If you're afraid of technology, this is a good starting point.	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Just received yesterday and was extremely disappointed in the fact that it will not play Disney+, Paramount+, HBO Max, Peacock, and a boatload of other apps… All it has is Netflix And a web browser YouTube…	2	March 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I've had this product for less than a year.  I can ask it to play a video and it says ""here's your story"", then the screen goes black and nothing plays.  I called Amazon Customer Service FIVE times and no on knew how to help me.  They sent me a REFURBISHED replacement that does exactly the same thing as the one I had before.HORRIBLE, RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!! YOU'LL BE HAPPY WITH IT FOR A FEW MONTHS THEN IT QUITS AND AMAZON WASHES IT'S HANDS OF YOU!"	1	April 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Disappointed there is no remote control.Should have been designed so Echo's Tower remote could be used with it.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Really wished for a full screen clock view like the 5 and it came up very short .... very disappointed almost to the point of full return. This could be fixed in a release and I hope it is. Other wise this is a huge huge miss.	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I think the video is only ok and I could not get it to interface with my blink camera.  I end up using 2 apps. When I was out of town I was not always able to drop in.	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I liked my other echo better.  Was told I could watch Netflix on this but found out I could not. Also specific music choices r unavailable .  My previous echo was just fine.	2	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It works fine . Except can't get back round to stay on .	2	September 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought the echo show to replace our echo dot hoping it was an upgrade, but I was wrong. The volume is low and not as good as the dot. The voice recognition is not as good as the dot and we have to constantly restart it because it freezes. We eventually switched the dot and disconnected the show.	2	July 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"My LCD clock in the family room is getting old and I was think about using this one as a nice replacement for it. I already have a couple of Echo Show 5"" in the kitchen and bedroom. What could go wrong with a bigger screen Echo Show ?! Well it turned out that I couldn't be more wrong that I'm now considering myself intelligently challenged compared to the super-smart Amazon people. Echo Show 5"" and 8"" are *totally* different !! With this big screen it does *NOT* allow you to choose the Clock Face. You only have a tiny clock showing on the 8"" screen. From the couch reading the time is like doing a vision exam at the eye doctor's office.So, I'm sorry, back you go. And good job, Amazon !"	1	December 18, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	It lights up on but will not answer requests	1	September 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I dislike that I can't Echo to respond to Ring doorbell without Alexa responding as well.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	A step down from the Show 5. Biggest flaw in the Show 8 is the clock interface. You cannot customize it like you can on the the show 5. Also the Echo Show 8 is very bulky and beefy. Sound quality is the only upside on the 8. 2 stars.	2	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like watching movies on it.	3	August 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought two Echo Show 8s and neither of them work with the Arlo skill. The two Echo Show 8s I bought from Amazon do not display live video feed from my front door camera. Instead, it only displays a screen shot of the last time it connected properly and says “Waiting for Arlo” for hours. I spoke with Amazon technical support for two hours and followed all their troubleshooting tips from resetting devices to upgrading software which included climbing up and down a ladder twice to resync my Arlo front door camera. The only compensation an Amazon supervisor could offer me for their false advertising, poor customer service, and inconvenience to me is a return and refund. I deeply regret purchasing two of these items. I won’t be recommending Amazon products to family and friends.	1	December 7, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	THE  best  I can  tell its a screen  That shows my pictures n HAS NO MORE Additional  Features than my Echo Dot ??	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Don’t waste your money. I used it for a little over a year and now it doesn’t even turn on. It glitched a lot in the meantime. I tried to replace it and the warranty expired after a year. You’d think it’s an Amazon product, it should have a longer warranty.	1	February 7, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The screen constantly shows things to try on the bottom of the home screen. This can't be turned off. I know everything it can do since my I have had an echo for years and years. I don't need this message spit in my face every time I look at the screen. I would NOT recommend this product and may just send it back for this reason. Buy the google one you'll be much happier	2	December 22, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Too many adds!! Very annoying	3	September 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Worked for 5 minutes brand new out of the box. Screen went black and wouldn’t come back on except for a red triangle and exclamation mark. After multiple attempts (unplugging, factory reset on unit, from phone, etc.) I had to call customer support. The only good thing about this product was that customer service team was very nice, and is sending a replacement (after the holidays, though). Maybe I’ll update my review if the new one works. Not impressed with spending this kind of money, and waiting almost 3 weeks, only to have a brand new unit fail out of the box.	1	December 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It works when it wants to,, but shuts off on many occasions and stops connecting.I have to clear it and reset it with wifi all over again before it works again.  And this was a reorder.	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The group video calls did not work.  This was why I bought it for… but didn’t work.  I am disappointed	2	August 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This thing is not very smart at all. Does crazy stuff at random and now it won't even work. I have only had it for a couple of months and I am disappointed in the service and support or should I say lack of support. My ECHO Show 8 will only display amazon and will not connect to anything or respond to anything. I never have problems with my home. I wish apple had something like the show 8. I don't think I would buy another amazon based electronic.Can anyone tell me how to return this? No one will answer the phone and there is no option to return it even though it is still under warranty.Someone tell me how to get a replacement. Please	1	April 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like the big screen and that you can video call, but I hate that you can't make the clock full screen. Also, I often have to repeat myself several times before it actually responds or does what I ask. Most of the time, my echo dot in the next room over will pick me up even when the show 8 does not, and I'm sitting right next to it. Very disappointing to say the least.	2	December 11, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	It works for video calling but still lacks decent skills functionality.  Like it can integrate with Apple notes but after alexa has recited what is on the notes, the screen closes immediately.The angel of the screen is too slanted (a bit more horizontal) when put on top of a high kitchen counter.	2	August 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sir knows more than Alexa.	3	September 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Speakers are CONSTANTLY sounding like its in a tube. I looked online and they say to unplug and replug in. It keeps happening. Very disappointing! I don't want to keep unplugging it and replugging it in. From google searches, it sounds like this is a common and recurring issue with these. I have other Echos that aren't the Echo Show and they are fine. Bummed.	2	April 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I used to love these devices - I have 2 Echo 5s and 1 echo 8.  I used to love the screens to show pictures, as a digital slideshow.But recently Amazon forced a new 'feature' to the devices that constantly appears on the homescreen, advertising amazon services; 'Alexa for your day'.  This intrusive experience cannot be turned off (I've spent 2+ hours with amazon reps that told me otherwise, until the 3rd one set me straight - thanks amazon)These devices are now useless to me.	1	May 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Very, very deceptive, Amazon.  Too bad, as I just got off the chat with an Amazon rep.  You CANNOT pair Amazon’s own Echo Buds with this device!  The rep told me I needed to buy a Non-Amazon set of Bluetooth earbuds in order to pair with the Show 8.  Even though in the Alexa app, it states that the Buds are a wireless option.  AND, the Alexa app designates the Echo Buds as a “gadget” to work with the Echo Show.  But they WILL NOT PAIR.  And the Amazon rep confirmed that.  Literally told me to buy a non-Alexa requiring set of Bluetooth earbuds not made by Amazon.  Not cool, and a horrible design flaw in the Show 8.  Bad move, Amazon.  Buyer beware.	1	February 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Well, I tried to set this up for my mom so she could video chat with her grandchildren. She’s stuck at home quarantining. I worked for four hours to little effect. She does not have a smart phone. I tried linking it with her account then with ours.  I was able to get video calling only by extreme effort. She would have been clueless. Boxed this puppy up and sent it back. I purchased another product called Facebook Portal.  If amazon deletes the name of the product I just mentioned, it rhymes with baselook mortal.  Set that puppy up in 10 minutes and she was talking with grandchildren on Mother’s Day. Thanks for nothing Amazon. I dare you to delete this.	1	May 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have used a computer for many years (work & home), an iPhone, and an iPad, but I cannot load my device to have it running properly.  I have given up and it sits on the table turned off.	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have to scream my head off to get this thing to even hear me. It's ridiculous because most of the time i'm wearing headphones and it's dead silent in my house. Resetting a timer or turning off an alarm by voice is virtually impossible. This makes setting a timer a hassle. It is constantly giving me reminders for things i don't care about like musicians that are added to amazons music service that i don't use or things i should probably buy because i'm likely over due for that purchase.	1	April 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It is good BUT lack additional apps like YouTube, Facebook, and other apps. It keeps crashing some website	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought the Alexa advertised at 99.00 it came with a smart plug I did not need.  In the advertising it did not say that I was paying 21.00 extra for the smart plug.  Only after receiving it was I made aware that the smart plug was separate.  In other words I paid 21.00 for something I did not need nor choose to purchase.  Now I have to drop it off at a store, during covid I am required to take a health risk at the age of 65 for returning something I never wanted, needed nor chose.  Bad business amazon to put people's health at risk needlessly.	1	July 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Item stopped working 6 hours after it was plugged in and went to a black screen with just the word echo displayed.  I suppose it would make a great paperweight but I think I could get a cheaper paperweight somewhere else.  Contacted customer support, after an hour of fruitless troubleshooting, they said they would replace the item and I would receive information to return the item so they could send the replacement in 24 hours, it has now been over 24 hours but I have not received any return shipping labels so now I have to waste more time contacting Amazon again.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Do not buy Amazon Alexa products! My Echo shows worked just fine when purchased then Amazon pushes updates that disable your photos so I’m displaying a blank black screen more that 50% of the time! No fix it’s been like this for months! Alexa is very annoying, every time you ask her anything she has to add some long winded bs about trying additional skills or advertising for Amazon services or some other garbage, might as well use a door to door salesman for a personal assistant! Amazon sucks!	1	May 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Does not work like the smaller one!!Does not get utube or radio stations as my other echo!!Sucks	1	August 28, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Great addition to the smart family.Update: This unit just sat on my desk. After very little use the screen went black out of nowhere. I called support and was told that my warranty had ended less than two months ago, and there’s nothing they could do. She offered to sell me another one at a discounted rate, which I declined and was shocked to see that the “discounted rate” she would sell it to me for was the current price that was available to everyone. Way to stand by your products Amazon.	1	March 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It seriously needs to have a customizable clock face. And if nothing else, at least the same amount of mics as the Dot, or even the Auto.It's honestly less useful than the Dot. Just a background with advertisements on what kind of stuff to ask Alexa. With so few mics, it hardly ever understands what I'm saying, which makes navigating what you do manage to get on the screen impossible. It often just gave up and opened the browser and searched YouTube for the words it thought I said. And for the single most useful feature I bought it for, it is impossible to video call any other Alexa device except for the Alexa app on my phone. Unfortunately, I don't have a need to video chat with myself from inside the house.	1	February 3, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Echo 8 comes with no stand/mount and sound quality is poor when there is no stand.Needed to purchase ""Echo Show 8 Stand""; Would recommend a stand to allow you to position the Show 8 at an optimum viewing angle and sound."	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	priceIt Has issues not downloading apps and many features don't work updates didn't help and I never got a reminder on time or a song as requested. I prefer exchange if retuned . I've spoke customer service to reset device and don't feel it's fair to offer half  trade in after it link to my echo dot all those settings wiped out no set reminders or task was ever could to work	1	November 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	My show 5 in the same location never had any buffering issues. My new show 8  buffers constantly .	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"How can every other Amazon device be compatible with the Alexa app on my iPhone, but not this one? I spent an hour googling the connection and 30 minutes on the phone w/customer support only to find out the device doesn't work with the Alexa app?!?!?!?  Shouldn't customer service have known this and not kept me on the phone for 30 minutes trying to debug it?!I also just tried to play Spotify using verbal commands and Alexa is telling me to connect to Spotify as a ""skill"". I've done this and can play Spotify on my other Alexa devices, but Echo show won't recognize Spotify as a skill. This is terrible!!"	1	August 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Just wonder why the sound is better on the echo five then it is on the eight?	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Received in November, 2020 and it has ceased to work in June 2021.no sounds come out --just a flashing screen than does not interact. NO good.	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Voice recognition is good. Sound quality is excellent. I am EXTREMELY irritated by the ""Try"" statements that cannot be removed from the bottom of the display. I bought this thing for the added display functionality but I am constantly telling Alexa to turn off the display so I am not forced to look at those messages. I won't recommend buying any show device until they allow that unwanted garbage to be turned off."	2	January 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	After 3 months the music quality became terrible and static-like. I called amazon saying I wanted to return or exchange and they told me to just unplug the device and that would fix it. It only temporarily worked and then it was too long that I had the device to return or exchange it so amazon really screwed me over. Now almost a year later the voice recognition only works if you scream at it 3 feet away and even then it only understands or hears you half the time. The music and sound quality was never great to begin with but now its even worse.	1	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This is the second Echo Show device that we purchased. First the Echo 5 and now the Echo 8. In each case I was told that the ""show and tell"" feature for the blind was enabled. (""Alexa,What am I holding"") Not So. Be careful to verify the generation for the product that has this feature and unfortunately the Service team at Amazon is not familiar with the feature and prone to faulty and incorrect advice."	2	December 23, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"Amazon has had thousands of complaints regarding the ""Try this..."" banners, and they have ignored all of them.  These banners are truly annoying and cannot be turned off.  I had to contact Amazon (not easy to do!) to get help setting mine up.  The online chat resolved my problem , but setup was a nightmare. I got locked into a loop where The Echo would not recognize my account.  I have been a Prime customer since 2011.  Will not connect to my Fire TV at all and I have given up trying to make it work.  Integration is very poor. Update: Amazon has added verbal suggestions to the banners.  Mine is going in the trash as too annoying."	1	February 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	this is a common issue with these.  the sound will work fine for a few months and eventually any music you play will be gargled.  Interestingly enough Alex speaks perfectly clear.  After connecting to a external speaker it still does the same thing which has let most of us know its a software issue.  The problem is they refuse to acknowledge it and will send you a new unit over and over again with the same crappy software that causes the issue.	1	June 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa has a hard time recognizing and following instructions without having to repeat over and over	3	February 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Comparing with my first generation echo show, this one seems to bo less sensitive to voice.  I have to speak loud and be very close to it.  Otherwise, other Alexa devices will pick up my instruction and respond.  Disappointed for the performance.	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	1.Not allowed all music apps.2.open YouTube and play one particular song means . It is just searching song but playing .3. Looking for our custom names not only echo or Alexa. We want our our own custom names	2	February 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Great	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We still can’t get it to do video calls. I’m not technically advanced but it is NOT easy to set up! We haven’t given up yet but with not being able to go inside nursing homes this is a frustrating gift!	2	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Really not found much that I can do with Alexa. Expected be able to do more.	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Before purchasing, I checked to see if the echo show 8 was compatible with Netflix, but so far it says it doesn't support that app. It also has the wrong time (but the right city) and it won't allow me to change it to the correct time. So I'm a little disappointed. We basically only use it for weather and music.	1	December 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Amazon released an update and now forces ads onto the show devices. I want a clock, and nothing else, but now I get to see an Amazon ""Solos"" ad 300 times every day.They want you to pay them to look at their ads. I haven't been able to find a setting to turn these ads off. I hate commercials and ads and I pay to not have them and I personally find it offensive to sell a product that's ad free, and then force them on with an update.It's basically the evil aspirations of the villain in Ready Player One.The Echo Show device is now just not working. I'm surprised everyday at how my Alexa's get worse somehow."	1	July 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Super stoked that I just purchased my first echo show 8 thinking I could disable the “try” annoyance at the bottom of the screen. I did what all the comments and forums suggested and changed settings. Its not going away. I will return this product asap if this is not a setting I can change. I wont be bullied into advertisements on a private device. I certainly don't need “ALEXA” showing me pictures of recipes I dont want or weather in another continent that i will never visit. Can it be turned off or not? If not its going back purely out of principle.	1	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I cannot connect my contacts or stream	3	July 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Beware!! Purchased this and it started malfunctioning after 1 month. Troubleshot with Amazon and they said I needed a replacement. But, when the replacement arrived it was a refurbished unit.I did not pay for a refurbished unit, I paid full price for a NEW unit, but Amazon basically said unless it’s replaced in 30 days you get a refurbished unit.Moral of the story don’t buy a new echo show, they malfunction. Buy a refurbished unit, it’s cheaper and when it breaks you get another one from Amazon	1	April 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	No netflix	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Disappointed that on the ring skill they screen does not automatically show who is at the door.	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	We loved this product, but it didn't work for long at all. Now we are supposed to purchase another one?	2	August 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Intercom in my home	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This product should not be available for sale it is so not ready to be used I can't tell you how many times this thing has screwed up how is Google so smart? Why is this thing so dumb? You guys have my 80 or $90 and I have a piece of plastic that can sound like a robot and play music. Never again.	2	April 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought the Echo Show specifically for its integration capabilities with the Kami Baby Camera  - Yi Technology.  However the integration does not work.  The Echo Show cannot even find the device. I'm very disappointed in this product.	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Extremely annoying when Echo said, ""now connected to"" or ""now playing from"" when echo is connected by Bluetooth. Alexa team should be fired. It has been years, and they haven't fixed this pain of ass"	1	June 4, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Piece of junk built for smart phone addicts - worthless - nice paper weight... Only useful thing it does is a timer to wake me from a nap (and I have a cook timer that does a better job and for only $4). DO NOT WASTE YOU TIME - MONEY - LIFE on these vice-ridden devices. Anyone interested in them NEEDS TO GET A LIFE (and get over yourself). Alexa(ndrea) is designed to lure you into a stupor and let you wither away and run astray. Seek the RIGHT PATH: chastity, charity, diligence, patience, temperance, kindness, and humility = the seven virtues (their opposites are the seven deadly sins) that open the seven gates to heaven... this thing is designed to divert you from the things which bring you closer to the divine.	1	February 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Still haven’t really set it up to take advantage of it’s full potential. So far so good though.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It would be best if it was portable	3	July 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Is ok . Not worth the price	3	July 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This would get 5 stars if I could watch Netflix on this device...short sighted on Amazon's part.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Not easy to set up, especially for calling because it calls all Alexa devices.  Music not played like our original Tower Alexa.  On Echo 8, there are commercials and won't play just one artist but a ""radio station""."	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Guess I just don’t understand what the big hype is.  I have yet to find it useful	2	August 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Did like because I can’t get it to take password and no way no contact help with Amazon to get it right.Have had it for 5months still not working.	1	July 17, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Like the look and overall features, but been having issues with exiting app for no reason	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"Bought this, as suggested, to Skype with my mother who is shut-in in assisted living.As with so many Alexa so-called ""skills,"" the Skype integration is really lackluster. You can't share your screen or photographs. It's just a two-way ""video-phone.""  Setting Skype up was really a difficult and arcane process, requiring two calls to Amazon support.Pretty disappointing."	2	April 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Since the screen sleeps (goes to the home page, not that it turns off) after 5 minutes regardless of what you're doing and there's NO way to turn that off or even adjust it, good luck doing anything on this device.  I bought it to have recipes up but end up having to jostle the device every time I want to glance at the recipe because it goes to sleep.How could they release a device with such a glaringly huge (and easy to resolve) flaw?  It's basically a paperweight in my kitchen at this point.	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Is the best Alexa device I own so far but still need a lot of work	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased this for my 83 year old dad so we can video chat.  Even I had problems setting it up for him and it would have been to complicated for him to use.  The Amazon, YouTube and other tutorials were non existent or not very helpful. It is a great device but not practical for older people.	2	May 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The response is very sluggish . Extremely limited for video use . Lacks youtube app .	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I've turned off discovery suggestions, they remain on the screen.  I've turned off rotate content, it still rotates.  The clock remains smaller than 2 inches.I'm just frustrated that suggestions are taking up more screen than THE ACTUAL CLOCK.I can't recommend this over the show 5, or a simple dot at the moment.  Maybe an update will fix this dumbest of smart devices in the future.	2	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"Absolutely infuriating.  Doesn't matter what you do in settings, you cannot remove the ""TRY SOME ACTIVITY YOU DON'T WANT TO DO""  I want to look at the slide show images and the time, I don't want to be F#@#$ advertised to on the device I bought.  Google/Nest devices do not do this.  I got this device instead of the google home as we had dots around the house and I very much regret it now.Also, while we rarely had a problem with the Dots, doing Drop In to this often doesn't work and even if it does connect you will often only get a few words out before it gives some error message."	1	May 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	No reconoce my voz y no encuentra nunca lo que le pido y no tiene pantalla de bloqueo donde solo yo tenga acceso a los servicios	2	June 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The Echo device is great; the ""Promotion"" and Amazon's Client Service are not. The Echo promotion advertised that one could get 25% off of a new Echo, plus be eligible for $30 rebate by trading in the old one.  I placed the order and filled out the trade-in info at the same time.  The 25% discount was not applied, and when I phoned, was told that it would be applied as a gift card after the trade-in was received.  The trade-in was accepted, but the 25% discount was not applied.  After 90 most frustrating minutes with the online chat ""assistance"", the fifth ""assistant"" told me the discount would not apply because I ordered the Echo before sending in the trade-in, despite the way the promotion was described."	1	January 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We were given this as a gift so we could have video calls with our daughter.  Each time I try to initiate a call to her it says it can't find her Alexa number and defaults to calling her cell phone.  The information at Amazon's website states I should add her in my contacts.  I checked that and made sure she was in my contacts.  I'm still not able to make the video call.I also have privacy concerns as to what kind of information Amazon might be collecting from the device.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Don’t like the home screen stuff. Just want to see my wallpaper. Other than that works great.	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed! Cannot upload photos to the display screen-this is crazy, this is a basic function!  This is an available feature on earlier versions. Do not buy the Alexa Show 8 if this is important to you.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Received with a semi broken seal"	2	March 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Can not get it to work with my RokuWhich works with my YouTube tv	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Not intuitive, voice commands need to be too specific. Frustrated trying to use this device!	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Video function doesn’t always work and we have to reset the device.  Video quality is not as clear as other devices and on screen functionality during calls isn’t great. Can’t move pictures around or expand and minimize.	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I use this with a pro Ring doorbell. I was told that he does not need a subscription To use the functions on the door bell. I just found out I would have to subscribe To be able to Utilize All of the functions On my doorbell. If I knew this before Purchasing the Installing The doorbell I definitely would've purchased A different system Without having to Pay for a subscription. He echo show eight Works good Just disappointed That the companyDid not make it Very clear you are locked into a subscription After 30 days.	1	January 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Plays commercials!! I pay for a service with Amazon and all that you guys play now is commercials! Why am I paying monthly to hear commercials?!?!?Also, this thing never gets answers right when asked questions. Google is WAY better	2	December 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Love everything about this device, except for the fact that it does not allow you to customize clock faces or enter a clock mode. I feel this was a big miss on Amazon's part. Will update my review when or if this changes.	2	November 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I can't find a use for this. What I would want is for it to play Netflix in my kitchen. But that's probably never going to happen. But that's not why I gave it two stars. I gave it two stars because, try as I might, I couldn't find any use for this thing.	2	June 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Any video functions on this thing show that it has a pretty weak processor.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Got the Echo Show 8 as a Christmas gift. Plugged it in and set it up around 1 pm. A little after 2 I saw it restarting out of the corner of my eye and assumed it was a software update or something. Except it kept rebooting, never getting past the amazon logo. After searching online and trying everything I could find, then chatting with Amazon for over 45 minutes, apparently I have a defective unit and can’t get it replaced for 2 weeks. This was a gift I wasn’t originally thrilled with as I didn’t see enough value in it compared to my echo dot, and now I’m down right annoyed and wish I wasn’t given it (not being ungrateful, just becoming more of a hassle than it’s worth)	1	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Not working.	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No way to make clock bigger ... bought it for use as an alarm clock in the bedroom.  No option to make the lock full screen.... horrible drawback on that item.Very good sound and integration but major drawback on clock size .	2	October 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa gets my requests WAY off... even simple ones and I did the voice training and everything.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Doesn't do multi room audio. I brought it for that purpose. I thought I got the Gen 2. By the time I got all my other Echo's and tried to do multi room audio and I realized I ordered the wrong Gen my return window passed. Can't exchange it and all I'm offered is 25% off on another. Disappointed.	1	December 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It hardly understands what I’m saying to it. But when it does it’s pretty cool🤨	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	set up was not easy and at the end it did not add much to speaker alexas	3	December 22, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I’ve got the show 8 and show 5. The microphones in them are both junk. They work very poorly unlike the regular echo units which whorl great. Very frustrating to have to basically yell and repeat yourself. 🙄	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It's not bad doesn't tell you the date and doesn't have all the music info	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This lasted here one day then the screen went black and nothing would get it back.  Looked online for help, tried all the suggestions from many people that had also had the problem.  Got my money back.	1	May 1, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	That endlessly rotating screen is obnoxious. How is this not a setting we can control?? Do you REALLY think people need these hints? And see them every few rotations?? They are hints even a 10yr old already knows.​ But I'm an adult. I paid for the device. Why ruin the experience like this with a forced uncontrollable screen? No one wants these as this is a pervasive complaint across all models - read the forums. Because of this, I won't buy another or recommend.	1	May 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The speaker quality is decent at best. They need to work on better displays for the clock.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am so disappointed in my Echo Show 8. Setup went really well. I have extremely fast internet. In the middle of her introduction to the features of The Echo Show 8, Alexa starting speaking in a loop and couldn’t answer any questions or execute any commands. After over an hour with Tech Support, Alexa is still unresponsive. Boo! Hiss!  Not a good introduction to the Echo Show 8.UPDATE: if your Echo Show 8 has the problem I described above, unplug it and let it sit for a few hours. I tried this and when I plugged it back in, Alexa was able to work as she is supposed to. Frustrating at first but turned out okay.	1	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Clock and temp is small and hard to see. No way to make it bigger ;(	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	clock to small to see at night	2	November 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	What is the point of Alexa integration and the fact that I can see all my cameras on it, when Amazon is sending all my video to TWO CLOUDS (I am told) before it sends it back to my Echo Show, and introduces a minimum of 12 seconds delay?  So by the time I see the person at my front door, they are all gone.Which to me makes this product useless.There should be an option to disable sending my video to the Amazon cloud, there is absolutely no need for it.	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have 2 sons and their families. I wanted to connect us at the same time.  So far only one family at a time can connect.  Echo dot sound is better. Sometimes I think she talks to herself.	2	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Wont work with Google products like nest and visa versa because of turf war.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The clock options are gone. I have the Show 5 and liked the large customizable LARGE clock. I bought the 8 because I wanted a LARGER clock face. The triple tap workaround is wonky. I think it does a zoom randomly to show the “Try this” hints and the clock only shows the hours and a colon. Like 10: what good is that? Please update the software, this cannot be that difficult.	2	December 17, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Everything about this device is great except for the sound quality.  Most of the time it's ok, but every other day or so the sound just goes, the bass seems to drop off and it sounds like it's inside a tin can.  The only fix I'm told is to unplug it, wait 30 seconds, then plug it back in.  I contacted amazon numerous times and they finally agreed to send out a replacement.  The replacement was a refurbished item which had the same exact issue within one week.At this point, this product is definitely not worth the money - the sound is THAT bad and unplugging it so frequently is too much of a pain.	1	April 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought this item because I was looking to as an Alexa-Enabled Device to control my kitchen-Group.  Unfortunately I had to return this item because i learned that the screen display does NOT allow for easy control of SONOS system music selection, speaker selection, of volume control.  This device is not a Kindle Fire equivalent and relies primarily on ""Alex Skills"" to interface (no apps).  Regretfully, I had too many instances where i was frustrated not being able to quickly manage the whole-house music.  Hopefully this feature is further developed...otherwise the KINDLE FIRE 10 offers the best of all worlds except Amazon doers not allow the kindle 10 to be considered an ""alexa-enabled"" device for controlling a group/room."	1	January 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	you can't adjust camera angle unless you prop something under it, you have to stand up  just to see your face, the adjustable mount is another$30, horrible price for a piece of plastic that should be included!  device is excellent, just a rip off to make you buy and adjustable stand! will return for this reason and buy google home device! Amazon ruined this great device!	2	January 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Maybe I’m doing something wrong, but there are very few apps. I also seem to have an issue when I pause or stop, it automatically continues... I only have access to one news channel, which is annoying and loaded with commercials.	2	November 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The microphone does not work. I bought this for my mother for Christmas. She does not use technology and had to wait for me to help her set it up over the phone. I got her an echo dot also. She did not understand that the View was supposed to respond to voice commands, just like the dot. I was able to go to her house this week and tried out the View, which does not respond to voice commands. I looked for help online, restarted it, reset it to factory commands. It just does not work! When I got home, I looked up my order and saw that the return was only good until January 31st. That was a crappy Christmas gift.	1	March 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Very complicated to set up and connect to Ring Doorbell. We need help.	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I've followed the instructions and watched YouTube, but have been unable to add a contact through my cellphone app. That was a major reason for getting this Echo Show 8, so I'm very disappointed.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It would be nice to have a feature to have your own recipes on the show without having to download any third party abilities.  Voice recognition is also off.  Cool to have but definitely could use some upgrading.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I was not happy after they send me a replacement echo after the first one broke. I received a used echo and it came with no plug-in. but the first the service was but the quality of these echos are amazing.	2	November 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"We finally had to unplug it. I can't find a way to disable Covid Helpful Hints.  It has literally been over a year and this thing keeps posting hints on ""how to wash your hands"".  It's like having a liberal robot in my kitchen that I can't shut up.Then there's constant NBA highlights - even the day after the Super Bowl. WTH.... I use it only as a kitchen timer and even then I have to tell it to stop multiple times.  Junk!"	1	April 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like some parts of this Echo. I like the way it goes to Netflix. You can choose what you want to watch using the same Netflix menus. However the menu choices for prime looks like it was designed by a child. It is extremely limited and very frustrating. I have quit using this The Echo I bought because of this issue. I really don’t understand why the regular prime menus are not used. This is a bit ridiculous. So, my overall rating is a 1 and don’t bother buying unless they fix this issue!	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Was excited to receive the Echo Show 8 because of the music and screen capabilities. The first one I received was Deaf.  No matter where I was standing or what I asked she never responded.  Finally requested a replacement And don’t you know, the next one was deaf as well. I have to scream (several times) in order to get her to stop playing music!  Ask her to cancel the second timer and she cancels the first timer.  I have enjoyed the other Amazon products but I would not recommend the echo eight to anyone without a megaphone!	1	September 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Me gusto mucho la calidad en general, pero no me gusto lo poco adaptado a mi país que esta la aplicación,  soy de Argentina y tiene poca información,  le falta adaptarse a YouTube, no tiene indicaciones de trafico de Argentina	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Doesn't recognize 80% of words used. Randomly announces and interrupts with ""did you know"". When first released, they recognized voice commands well. Now they don't.  I think it's a scheme to make you buy more crap that won't work."	1	April 10, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have no problem about the product it’s customer service., I was so happy about the purchase but turned upside down when the color of the item was different from what I expected. it’s just I made a mistake in purchasing the color of the item, amazon can’t replace the item with a different color. The situation is, the price for the deal was buy one get one free, in order to have Replace the item. You would have to purchase the item at it’s current deal not the price when you bought. It’s either return the item and wait for the same deal which may or may not come, or get stuck with the item and deal with it....	1	February 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	If all you want to do is have a screen to talk to and look at a camera its fine. Drasticly over priced. If it was not on prime day I would never buy one. the 10 in is even worse	2	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sound on Eco dot is betterOver video calls voice is not the best	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Disappointed with the poor integration for recipes.  The Google home was much better	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have contacted Amazon more than once regarding a verification code. I am not able to use my echo show 8 because the verification code is not coming to my phone. PLEASE HELP!!!	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I thought the unit was cool at first.The more I have used the more frustrating it is though. Hulu playback is horrible and does not work about 75% of the time.There are a number of streaming services that are on firestick but do not work on the show.Voice commands for video playback are hit and miss, especially Hulu.	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Yes she gives step by step directions to recipes.  Other than that and video chat, which someone else has to have a Show to use, the screen is useless.  Some people might want to watch a show, say a (Amazon Prime) show.  Not possible.  Not that it is the biggest screen, but it would be great to watch a show while cooking.  Very expensive for what you can actually do with it.  Use your cell phone. You will accomplish the same thing, and you can watch tv it you would like.	1	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Product is bigger than expected but not a bad thing. But this product never stops advertising and there's no way to turn off the consistent ""try saying alexa..."" I wish I stayed with Google home... But I wanted a smart hub that would allow me to see my ring door bell. Would return instantly if Google would do this and stop being defiently with only working with their nest system... Really annoying I don't buy tech to be advertised too about whats on prime video or constantly about what I can say to it. Just allow consumers to enjoy the product spot forcing your ads on us or informational..."	1	August 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I worked fine for 2 months and now wont respond to commands.  I have done what the say to reset but it still not working correctly.	2	April 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Because of confusion between what I could and could not do with the 5"" vs. the 8"", I returned this. I wanted to be able to have a nice background, but that was only available on the 5"". You can turn off the screen (that sort of defeats the purpose) or deal with the bright, blue light. I was not able to dim the screen."	2	January 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Microphone is weak on this model. Unit in other rooms will answer before show 8 will	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	"Recognition of using the word Alexa is poor compared to my generation 3 echo Dot.Even worse, when idle, the screen cycles through my pictures but interrupts it to give me advertising called ""Alexa for your day."" This last time around it suggested I ask A**** how to say goodnight in German and to play rock music. This ad cannot be disabled and is not tailored to the user. I spent over 30 minutes with customer service for them to finally admit it cannot be stopped."	1	April 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Not useful for my lifestyle	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"LOVED this product until the geniuses at Amazon put in the ""Alexa For Your Day"" feature, which is a NON-OPTIONAL screen that comes up every ten seconds offering suggestions on how to use the device.  It's horrible, it ruins the experience, and now I hate the Echo Show.  I would return the devices if I could and I will NOT be buying any more until this feature is made optional!!  What a STUPID move, Amazon!!!"	1	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The video quality is subpar compared to my Apple devices even though they are dated. Alexa only recognizes what I am saying about half the time. It doesn’t integrate well with other apps. I don’t understand why it can’t use standard language...skills means something different in standard English than is used in this device. It is so difficult just to get to a website. And I would like to read my kindle books not always have them read to me. I haven’t used the drop in feature yet but perhaps this might be the one feature that will be useful.	1	October 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This was a gift to see and speak with my family, however the extremely poor camera angle which points to the ceiling, makes the ability to see each other impossible unless you place the unit at an extreme angle.Very disappointing.Using the unit for its other functions has been fine.But unless you put the unit on the floor to look into it I wouldn’t recommend it for FaceTime with your family.	1	September 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa NEVER gets a command correct. it is by far so annoying. It is useless and was a wastes of money	1	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	When I saw the reviews for this device and saw there was an argument about if you could turn off the “things to try” and the “most helpful” review by far was saying that “things to try” COULD be turned off I figured that it could be turned off and i should still buy the product. (I bought 3)  After spending 1 hour I can confirm the “most helpful” review here is completely false and “things to try” cannot be turned off in any way.  The most helpful review here should be removed as it is incorrect.  Also “things to try” is much more annoying than I thought it would be.	1	December 8, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased this BRAND NEW echo show 8 a week before christmas and it came in time. I needed this for my gender reveal to show pictures on a slideshow and play music. It worked perfectly for one day then  alexa just stopped responding. I called amazon customer service on was on the phone for hours with troubleshooting options and went through all of them. They decided it was not functioning right and sent me a RECONDITIONED one when i payed for a BRAND NEW one. Thank you amazon for ruining my christmas and gender reveal........ In the picture above the right box is the new one i purchased and the left one was a RECONDITIONED one they sent..	1	January 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Sound quality was good. The unit was hard to set up. My kids have food recipes built in. Ours doesn’t.  We bought external programs that were supposed to be compatible. They weren’t.	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Buen producto pero muy limitado porque las funciones están restringidas. No permite conectar con Spotify ni ninguna de muchas aplicaciones de uso común. Ojalá Amazon lo arregle.	2	March 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Have to be right on top unit for Voice Recognition to work	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	No Netflix!!!	3	September 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Communication	3	October 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	For the most part very handy and I like the sounds quality.  It had a period of time when it would lose streaming and have to be restarted, it hasn’t been an issue lately though.	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Makes a barely adequate night clock -lacks usable adjustments.Intercom function, same.Slide show only works for a few photo directories.Music is obsessed with Apple.	2	April 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I will call on Alexa and never respond back or took like 10min to respond. We use it for 30 days and started acting up around 18 days of use.	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It’s an echo with a screen. There’s nothing else to it. I can’t get it to play YouTube videos, Facebook video, or anything. You can only call between devices. It’s not worth it.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It does everything I expected	3	July 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Sometimes there is a jam in connection. And voice recognition is really poor.	3	February 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa can't answer simple questions.  Gives answers of I don't know or something not pertaining to question.  Ex.  How much does it cost to fly to Hawaii? Ans. 6 hours.  Have to ask exactly for automation  turns other things on. For automation so many can't provide a reply  so can't really automate much.  Although all lights of does work. Or all lights on.  More trouble than it was worth.  Does do music and radio pretty well.	1	April 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Picked up the new Show 8 to replace my original gen 1 Echo in the kitchen.  I have 5 dots and even a Show 5 and all do fairly well with voice recognition from around the room.  The Show 5 is not as good as the Echo or dots but still far better than the new Show 8.  It is so bad now and getting worse it seams by the day that I would return it if i could.  I had to take it our the kitchen and put back my original gen 1 Echo tower.  Show 8 is not ready for prime time yet.  Wait for gen 2 on the Show 8.	1	March 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Screen is looking horrible after a year and a half.	1	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I am not wild about it. I don't do a lot of web content. I had hoped to be able to somehow view my own personal recipes on the kitchen counter. Otherwise it's just a glorified Alexa speaker	2	November 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Device wont stay connected to WIFI Network.  Replaced Echo Dot with this device.  The Dot's Network connection was always stable.  Never had any problems with it.  Wish I could say the same for this device.	2	November 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Upgraded to Show 8 from Show 5. Can't believe they left out the feature of changing how the clock shows on the screen, when idle and other times. Frustrating, will decide whether to return.	2	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is not as smart or as knowledgeable as Google is. I ask it questions it can't answer I go right and ask my Google home device and it gives me the answer.	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was honestly disappointed in this one. I upgraded from the echo dot, and to be honest I’d rather have that one. It only plays certain programs, it won’t play Netflix, I have tons of problems trying to play YouTube. It doesn’t want to recognize my voice ever, I have to scream for it to understand me. Just all in all I wouldn’t recommend.	2	January 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is excellent. Its difficult to navigate the apps and features. I can not see myself suggesting this purchase to anyone.	2	June 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	When I would make a call, the other person could not hear me.  I have several echo devices and it happened on all of them.  Sometimes, they can hear and sometimes they cannot.  I would restart the echo and then they can hear.  Then the sound would got out again.  I had to send one of them back.  It is not my internet connection because one of them is not even 3 feet away from the router.  Will not buy another one!!!!!	1	February 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Speaker quality is AWFUL. If you plan to listen to music or hear anything with any sort of quality this product is not you.	2	May 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Show and tell does not read the mail. If you have an order that's going to be delivered and you ask where is my stuff, it will tell you where and when it will be delivered but it does not identify what your stuff is like the regular echo does.	2	July 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I just wish is would work with other platforms, FB Portal Ect.	3	February 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Will not connect to blink which is owned by Amazon, customer service by both Blink and Amazon is no help, been going back and forth with them for over a week with numerous issues without any help!	2	November 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Still learningThere is not enough info on its abilitiesIt needs more work	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have now had some time to work with this. Not impressed. Tho there is an app to run my security camera it dont work. I have also tried to use hulu on it and it wont load or play video. It just keeps telling me there is a problem. It tells me that on just about every skill I have tried. Not happy with this at all.	2	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	nice unit	3	August 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s much smaller than I thought it would be. And the speakers are cloth! Why? Can’t wipe them if they get dusty or dirty in the kitchen. Not worth the money.	2	February 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I'm a google guy through and through but though this would be a good way to keep in touch with family members but if those family members don't have a cell phone, they are all linked to your account and there is no independence at all, so if someone calls one unit, they all ring, what A PAIN in the you know what. Completely ridiculous that they can't be configured independently. Take the photos for example, if I upload files to display, all the units get the same photos. talk about useless. Will be returning.	1	November 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Dislike that the home screen time is tiny and it does not how the date. More home screen customization would be ideal. Would also be great if it showed date time and current weather.	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	When I speak, most of the time, the Echo Show 8 cannot hear me.  When it does hear me, it gives me info totally unrelated to what I asked for.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Very limited in video apps,no Netflix,no vudu.Too many hoops and barrels to get these	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have bought 6 echo devises — 3 echo shows.  Loved them until some Amazon idiot decided to take control of my screen with the “Alexa for your day” displays.  You can’t turn it off but it has sure turned me off to Amazon!  Big tech just won’t stop with their propaganda, forced marketing, and general interference.  If this isn’t resolved soon my echo products hit the trash bin.  Don’t buy until it’s corrected... you won’t be happy.	1	April 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased the Echo Show 8 for the sole purpose of making video call, and being able to see the incoming video on my big screen smart TV.  But it seems that this is not possible, therefore I am very disappointed with it.  Hopefully Amazon will update the software to allow this in the future.	2	April 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Do not buy! Takes pictures randomly at 3 am. Plays without voice commands. Add items to shopping list on its own. Sets random alarms and talks at random times. Has been unplugged for the better part of the entire year.	1	March 31, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I like the sound of it but YouTube is via browser which is not good and then Netflix I cant. On app add option. It's very Amazon service dependent. Language support is also limited compair to echo dot. For the size and weight lts very limited in what it can do. If you have to then get smaller one which same things. This one definitely need more features	2	December 11, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"If I'm lucky it will tell me the weather. 99% of the time it says ""I'm sorry, I'm having trouble connecting.""All Amazon products have taken a significant dive for the worse. Adding ""features"" people hate that are designed to get you to buy more stuff. I doubt I'll ever get another echo. They took a cool technology and ruined it with ""Yea, but how can we make even more money?"""	1	August 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	For what I wanted to use it for, it did not work very well.  We don't get good radio reception at my work place so I was hoping this could replace the radio.  When it did recognize my voice, the Wifi would cut out in the middle of shows.  I went back to terrestrial radio.	2	March 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It’s like a tablet with about four apps. It’s not quite what I expected	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I had the Echo dot for about a year and a half and decided to upgrade to the Echo Show 8. I received my Echo Show 8 on the 17th of October and within 1 week the speaker went out. I now only have a very expensive picture frame. Called Amazon and went through the process of checking to make sure it wasn’t a glitch and unfortunately it was not. I was then made aware that I cannot get a new one until November 20th... I’m so disappointed with this product and would not recommend it.	1	October 26, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa needs to listen better	3	July 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have never been more frustrated with a device.  At times I have been tempted to repeatedly hit it with a hammer.  I I ask it a question and get an answer from left field.  I'm so tired of asking for information over and over and finally finding my phone to get the information needed.  I'm an empty nester and my patients has been tested more than when I had teenagers in my home.  I'm getting rid of it after several months and going to google.	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Lots of little problems, easy to set up, has trouble getting answers sometimes. Does not always respond accordingly. Music continues to play when we get a video call. Could not get music to stop until I shut down the unit. Stupid answers to good clear question. Always trying to get you to add services, that will cost you more. Not for everyone.	2	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I wish Amazon would include the same clock faces as the echo show 5	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Alexa is not smart at all we can ask Siri the same questions we ask her and get answers. As far as calling a loved one and seeing them on the screen and talking to them that works ok... All in all not impressed with product.....	2	August 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo show would be fine if I was able to make and recieve video calls on it. I spent over 2 hours chatting with a rep that clearly did'nt know what he was doing and never helped me	2	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"For some reason this doesn't support the ""show and tell"" feature that the Echo developers created in September that works on the 2nd gen of Echo Shows?? Why wouldn't a new gen product support features that work on 1st and 2nd gen products? Especially after they announced the new feature 3 months ago?The  ""show and tell"" feature was developed to help visually impaired users."	2	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I bought to use with blink xt2 camera.  Does not work.  Wasted over two hours time trying to get it set up,  then I saw it would not work after reading other reviews.  Wasted $100.  Would send back of I had not waited so long after I bought the show before trying to set up blink.	2	January 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	needs a decent larger clock face with temp and date like the 5.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Less face options than the 5. Clock gets reduced to a small portion of the screen which I can barely see. I bought this to serve as a clock. Just warning y'all.	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I don’t like that you can’t customize the clock and the home screen	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Does not recognize my voice will not take me to where I want to go ask to play Pandora radio will not work have two Amazon fires and one Amazon small Amazon echo very disappointed in this product	2	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We were upgrading our Alexa from the original version to the Show, and our sound quality went from bose-quality to the inside of a fish bowl. With water in it. We'll likely be returning.	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	doesn't always listen, hard to get it to do what you want.  Other amazon products respond first even when I am sitting right next to it.  I thought it would be better, newer then the dot but really disappointed  Doesn't skype with older apple phones  In addition doesn't play radio stations.  Ask my dot to play wfla, no problem ask this THING and it plays fgor a second or two, goes silent picks up again, then goes out again what a wast of money	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Used to love my echo devices (we own 5 of them) but since this last update we can not stand looking at them. It is constantly throwing up the ""Alexa for your day"" screen. This is extremely aggravating and not something I want pushed upon me. There needs to be an option to disable this feature like the ""Things to try"" feature. Once they offer this option to disable then I will be able to look at my devices again without disdain."	1	May 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	an  n Amazon Disability representative recommended this for the product recognition feature. I, as an independent blind person, could not set this device up  by myself. Unfortunately, I had to return it. I’m very sad about that because I really looked forward to having it available for product recognition and other features in my kitchen. when, and if, Amazon makes it possible  to set up I’d be happy to re-purchase it. Other technology companies have this ability. Let’s go Amazon!	1	April 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I use the Echo Show to monitor a WZYE camera. Two problems: (1) a lot of buffering, less than 1 minute between buffering sometimes, and (2) showing the clock instead of the WYZE camera view after 10 or so minutes. May need to return it.	2	August 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Si	3	September 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Have enjoyed my first Echo show, but it started telling me 'I can't do that,' while the radio was on, when I would give it other commands.  It tells me to exit, and still, it won't do that.  I have to turn it off to do my other command, which is often just a simple command to set a timer.  Now my new Echo Show is doing the same thing.  Is this some kind of virus?  I have done a factory reset four times, and it still malfunctions.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Don't like the angle on the view. Wish I could shut off Alexa suggestions.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Because of covid my family and I couldn’t visit my dad in a nursing home. I needed a tablet that had the capability of video chatting. I figured buying this would be a cheaper rather than purchasing a iPhone or iPad. However, this device is highly inconvenient and hard to navigate through. I thought if I had trouble then my dad (who knows nothing about technology) would have even more trouble using it. I ended up returning it and purchased a iPad instead.	1	March 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have to practically shout at it for it to work	3	February 22, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This was a gift intended for video calls. Oddly, the device can't do this unless you have the Alexa app loaded to your mobile phone. It can't be downloaded to the device itself, nor can this feature be enabled by the PC version of the Alexa app. So, essentially I am forced to either download an app that I don't want to my mobile phone, or this device remains 100% useless for it's intended purpose.I smell a return in the air.	1	April 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Had to replace three times.  So far the 4th one works.	3	February 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	my first review was conditioned by the fact the device did not run Netflix; that was fix, so I am happy with it; and would probably get another one	2	February 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I don’t understand why it’s so slow to do anything. I had a tablet with the dock so it can be used with Alexa that was a lot faster than this thing. I thought this would be closer to the speed of my dots or Echos.	2	July 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The clock function on this is terrible. It only shows up in a tiny font on the upper left corner of the screen and the temperature is even smaller.  It is constantly changing so it's beyond distracting.  I purchased this thinking that it would be a larger version of the Show 5.  It definitely is not.  I'm very unhappy with this.	2	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed in Alexis sound quality, her voice and accent are very difficult for me to hear. The echo show needs options like Google Assistant has. I have no problem with the male voice option for assistant.	2	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It is slow in responding and hasa difficult time understanding directions.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s alright. But expensive for what it does. Which is not really much. The cpu is very slow when I switch from devices to devices. Could be better if it had apps	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Was kinda disappointed. Got it specifically for video chatting but it only works with Skype or other Echo shows... No regular video calls. No Zoom. No FaceTime. Really just inconvenient trying to get everyone to download Skype now when they should have multiple video apps for this VIDEO CHATTING DEVICE built in.	2	May 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"would be decent except for that stupid ""Try this"" that stays on at bottom of screen and Amazon will not supply a way to turn this annoyance off. fortunately I have been able to convince over two dozen of my friends NOT to buy any of the show devices for this reason alone! and they didn't. stupid"	2	February 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Your stuff dose not work well together it a big mess one won’t play Pandora others won’t work your plugs it will run this one but not that one there’s no good reason why they should not all work all the devices bottom line it seams your more interested in selling more crap then making your crap work and the fricking advertising I already bought the crap quit trying to sell more crap and make it work	1	May 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The 8 will not communicate with the echo in my bed room or connect to the smart plug devices I have.  Now it could be user error, I will find out.	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	As others have said, there is no option for clock settings or a large clock. With such a large display, why isn't there an option for a full screen clock display just like the Show 5?	2	November 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I cannot see more than one camera at the time	3	March 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I have little to add to the many reviews that mention how annoying the 'things to try' messages are and that they cannot be turned off. What really annoys me is that the complaints about this feature go back two years and are in the most 'liked' reviews, but Amazon has not got the message that their consumers hate this and done something about it. That is foolish and cavalier and shows a great deal of disrespect for their customers.  Come on Amazon, you can do better!	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	You can’t have multiple devices going at the same time. So not a good product to buy more than one	2	June 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Purchased 2 one for my family and one for my elderly mother. Extremely disappointed when we found out the echo show 8 needs a cell phone to connect to. For a military family always moving and never around family we thought this would be the best way to see mom and her see our family on a regular basis. She does not own Or need a cell phone, don't know who else this wliild be targeted for then our elderly..... anyone else have cell phones and can Skype, video chat or facetime. Total disappointed.	1	October 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I really enjoy listening to my music on my echo show however, after having it for about a month it stop responding to my voice for a while. Its not receiving voice or video calls.	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It's a great product EXCEPT for horrible sound quality of music. My old cylinder  Alexa seems to have better speakers.	2	May 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have had a couple dots around my house and loved them. Adding the show was a no brainer, but it doesn’t work as well. I’ll stand next to it and talk to it, but it will not pick up the message and at the same time I’ll hear the dot in the next room pick up what I’m saying, but it can’t do the stuff I’m asking for. I’m not sure why the newer technology has a mic with lower capabilities. Very disappointing!	1	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa still needs improvement. It's unable to find simple information that's available on the Internet.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I loved Alexa show, however, for some reason it stopped all sound. I have tried all trouble shooting tips to know avail. So I now have a “View” with no sound	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Bought to replace Google Nest Hub with bigger screen. Google Nest hub works flawless watching Nest IQ outdoor camera and Blink camera. Echo show 8 is going back. Constantly buffering no matter what. Called for support 2 times disconnected me twice. They had no clue anyhow. Not a camera or internet problem. Google Nest Hub works flawlessly!!! Search internet and you will see the people complaining about buffering. I would suggest if you want a screen to monitor your cameras to definitely look elsewhere!!!	1	March 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I bought the show 8 as opposed to a standard Echo product for the video calling option.There is little noise canceling, and it has to be turned down to the point of not always being able to hear someone with the exact same model device. The same issue exists a little when calling someone with a Show 5.	2	January 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Same placement as our last echo but this one just does not hear us that we’ll. We tend to repeat each command two times. A little frustrating but not worth returning.	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I purchased the Echo Show 8 for my mother to use as a video calling device. My mother does not  have a cellphone which seems to be required for setup and to make video calls, this is not stated in the device requirements. Setting this device up remotely from another state is impossible. The Echo Show 8 is not suitable to send to seniors to use as video calling devices during these Covid-19 times for these reasons. Do not buy until a better method of setting up and administering has been created and tested by Amazon.	1	September 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This was super great at first.  I loved it! Good sound quality, could stream shows while I was cooking in the kitchen. Could check on naughty dogs while at work. Could talk and see family members. It was great! Then one day it just died, woke up one morning and it had an all white screen. Unplugged it for a while, plugged it back in etc. Even looked up some troubleshooting tips. It doesnt do anything, just a black screen. No noise no anything. Very disappointing 😕	1	January 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Worked great for a little more than a year. Then I noticed it would stop showing up on drop in. Would turn on and off and a few days ago it smelt like burning plastic I unplugged it , the outlet was hot.	1	March 3, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Glad this thing was on sale when I bought it,  it arrived but the camera that was supposed to come with it won't arrive till November 7th , its not worth the original asking price .	2	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This is semi adequate if you know you’re buying 2014 tech. I wouldn’t spend $30 on it let alone any more.	2	June 8, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	What the **$*&&$ why is there not a full screen clock !!!	3	December 3, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Have been using Google Home but thought I'd give Alexa a try. Alexa is AWFUL. She gets confused with the most basic requests, she displays incorrect info and she doesn't have half the features google does.	2	October 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The voice commands do not work as well as my echo spot.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It dont work right alexa never can understand what i say or what anyone says when I try to do anything the screen just wants to pop up adds or not go to what I'm wanting i got this to be able to watch videos and make meals at the same time step by step im not sure if this is just a messed up one but I was really hoping this thing would be good I wanted it bad for my whole family to learn together.	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have had my Alexa for a while, started out fun to play with, then when you wanted it to do something, I'm not familiar with that, I can't find, I can't do. It is worthless as an expensive clock with a voice. AND AMAZON DOESN'T GIVE YOU ANY LINK OR INSTRUCTIONS ON ALL THE FUNCTIONS IT IS SUPPOSE TO DO......So to me, it is GARBAGE! I'm going to try GOOGLE HOME!	1	July 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Sometimes the audio isn’t clear	3	June 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Doesn't work with Ring. No video. Works with my Nest and Shark ION.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My grandson cannot call us for some reason. We can call him	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It constantly shows me things that I should ask it, advertising things to me. Amazon, your company sucks, I'll use your devices for what I want to use them for, nothing else. I'm smart enough to figure it out on my own. I do not want to be advertised to IN MY OWN HOME. I have turned off all notifications and you cannot turn this one off it seems, I even called customer support. Go to Google if you want to be treated like a customer instead of a cow in the field to be milked. I'm going to have to put white tape over the bottom on the page to cover this.	1	February 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Speakers don't seem as good as the 3rd generation Dots. Voice recognition to activate is not as sensitive as the Dots. Doesn't easily connect to Bluetooth. Connects but says non_supported device. Doesn't have Day/Date on home screen. Time size is not positional or changeable. Excellent display, crisp and clear. Good price if it can be figured out to work better.	2	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"Not very responsive to queries. Voice recognition poor. 8"" screen difficult to see clearly. Better products are available to serve the same function."	2	April 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Stop pushing Obama JUNK On ME through this device!  I didn't ask for it NOR do I want it.  Continue to do this and I will cancel all memberships and content streams.	1	April 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I didn't like how difficult it was to communicate with Alexa. My grammatical skills are questionable, however trying to go back to where I was with her.... was hard, and frustrating!	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	LOVE THE SCREEN, THE COLORS, AND FEATURES.	1	September 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Plays no audio when I ask Alexa to play jazz for me.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I hate to say I am extremely disappointed that this wont get Youtube. I purchased this and the 10""THAT gets Youtube. I specifically asked prior to purchase and was told yes. I asked it to connect and it said ""this generation echo show does not support YouTube. I've had it set up for 2 days using it. Not cool Amazon"	2	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	We upgraded to this from a non-show Echo - we put it in the same spot the other one was in and everything - and I was very surprised at how much worse the microphone was, both in hearing my wake up command and interpreting my speech. I'm not sure if it's becuase where the mic's are on the Show or if the mic's on the Show are inferior, but it definitely DECREASES the usefulness of the Echo. The sound is still good, but it seemed better on my old Echo. Again, I wonder if it's b/c where the speakers are placed.	1	July 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I was very disappointed. The sound quality on the Show 8 inch didn't even come close to my first generation Echo. Sound and video repeatedly freeze. Alexa still wasn't getting results for what I was asking. The only improvement I noticed was her voice recognition. I had high hopes. The price was great but the product didn't deliver.	2	February 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Hi, for me it doesn't stay connected on my outdoor security camera, this was the reason for getting the Echo Show 8.... would like to have this fix but don't know how ( Not Happy)  hope this help with your question Dwayne Martin.	2	July 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"How to does a trillion dollar company provide more customizable features on its smaller and cheaper echo show 5, compared to its so called big brother the echo show 8. This really confuses the heck out of me, but whatever, I am returning this.P.S. YOU CAN""T CUSTOMIZED THE CLOCK FACE ON THE ECHO SHOW 8."	1	November 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	As with every Echo Show device I own, this latest version has horrible sound sensitivity - sitting a few feet from the device and saying the wake word will not wake this device up - however I will get a response from the Echo Dot device in the other room.  Haven't found a setting to change to allow for adjusting its microphone sensitivity.Also, as with ALL Alexa products, the voice recognition/understanding is HORRIBLE - IF YOU WANT QUALITY VOICE RECOGNITION, GET A GOOGLE DEVICE!	1	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I can only hope this item will get better in time. Works great at what it can do. Yet in reality, it doesn't do much.	2	February 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa is not anything you think it is. Amazon has this item and and answer is hmmm I don't know that or a completely different subject. This is good for music, alarms, face to face calls, reminders etc. Go to it for questions and it is the worst. Ask her how to make her smarter, she answers and when you go there she does not know. I am 100% dissatisfied with this. She knows less than 15% of Google. Forget a second Echo, give me a refund. This is only a Amazon play game, it has zero intelligent answers even if you try to teach her. Google destroys this item.	1	April 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It's a pretty bulky and useless device compared to a regular echo. Unless you need to do video calls, I would recommend staying away.	2	March 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I assumed that when I was buying an Echo show product that they would be similar in how they operated.  I use my Echo Show 5 as a night stand clock.  I am able to customize the background, colors and fonts of the clock.  On the Echo Show 8 I am not able to customize anything.  The clock is stuck in the corner and is very small.  Another annoying feature on the Show 8 is the Alexa suggestions at the bottom of the screen.  I don't need those suggestions rotating all the time.  Please give the users some choices in customization like in the Echo Show 5.	1	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Apps are not all that great.  Really not worth spending the money.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Absolutely pointless. Half the time it doesn't recognize my voice. The timers never turn off the first time, it takes 2 or 3 times of me yelling at it. Can't play YouTube vids on it. When I ask it to look something up, the answers have nothing to do with the question. I really wish that I could return it because all it's doing is taking up space.	1	August 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The sound is muffled, like its coming from under a blanket or something.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I have an echo dot that works amazing. It listens well and responds quickly but for some reason this product did not respond as good as the dot. It did not perform my requests and it would do something completely different. Whenever I would tell my dot to do the same tasks it would do it right and the first time I asked it. I have returned this and purchased a Google Hub. I have witnessed that product work..... I am super bummed.	1	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Loved this for the first few months, so much I even bought a show 5 for our room. Now the Show 8 is terrible lagging (we have great internet so it's not that) it doesn't respond as quickly as it used to and it's almost impossible to get it to even play music now. Very dissapointed ☹️	2	February 4, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	STOP STOP STOP!!! The visual ads are just the worst.  It never stops.  If the ads were not there all the time the Alexa Show 8 would be great.	2	November 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Have to reboot regularly because Alexa slowly becomes deafThe fire TV 40' away starts to respond instead of the Show 4' away	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have had mine a week and I upgraded from the dot. Some of the skills don’t work and I’m ready to go back to my dot!!	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Got this device after been using echo dots for a while, but is far from being as good as dot’s are. Voice recog really sucks, you need to literally shout just in front of it to make it recognize a command (it’s placed on a table with recomended clearance so it’s not an installation issue). If you’re lucky and it gets your command, will probably get it wrong and you’ll have to repeat it several times which is even more frustrating. Overall is just a nice smart picture frame do not expect too much other than displaying photos.	1	August 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Do not buy it starts listening when not qued . Starts stuff with out asking not all the time but it’s happened enough I don’t want any more.	1	June 16, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It stops playing music on it own because it had no activity I turn it on and work I’m my garage while listening to music it just stops you tell it to continue and it do restart  I can stream pandora on my computer all day leave and come home it will still be playing this sucks to the max I have unplugged and put in box for good will I thank I can’t all dealings with Amazon	1	April 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Setup is not easy. Picture and music quality are good. Alexa integration is troubling at times.	2	July 20, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I love Echo show but after 1 year and 4 months it stopped working. Amazon can no longer troubleshoot the item. For trade in it only cost $10 and the agent just gave me 15% discount for new echo show and he said thats only $16. This is so frustrating. I paid $120 for an item that didn't last. I even bought lots of echo show 8 2019 for my family.	1	June 21, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Bought in December. Device seems worse than Alexa in understanding commands, very frustrating, big negative there. Can not make phone calls as the phone directory for some weird reason has DIFFERENT phone numbers than Alexa, so calls failed. Simply put, I have to be an expert computer programmer with multiple calls to Amazon Support to fix every ""feature"". Amazon should pay me to work on their ""Beta"" product.Currently, I have it boxed up on FB Marketplace for sale."	1	February 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	no reason for it to show ads, alexa doesn't carry out many tasks when called upon. still looking for a reason to like it, right now just seems unnecessary	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Speaker really lacks and is very poor quality. I have 6 units in my home and the 8 falls short of my expectations.	2	April 1, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have all kinds of problems with it not understanding me. I have retrained the voice multiple times not to mention I have to just unplug it and plug it back in and let it reset all the time. I still like it It just doesn't work nearly as well as I thought it would.	2	February 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Needs some software updates:Does not show date on clock face;times out of security camera feed after 10 minutes; defaults with annoying ads, took time to figure out how to turn them off	2	October 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Feel her skills are somewhat limited, wish she could download apps	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am still waiting for the pre paid postage so l can send the Alexa back.Whenever I ask Alexa to do something she says I don't understand that, so therefore I would like to send her back & have my money refunded.	2	June 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Delivered on Sunday and my boyfriend looked for it both Sunday and Monday to no avail. He decided to check the dumpster at his apartment complex and found the box with his correct name and address and another box with the new neighbors first name and address to include apartment number. Neighbors lights are conveniently out tonihht for the first time ever. How can I contact seller when there is no information or link for that... ridiculous	1	March 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappointed with the sound quality. More often then not it sounds like the speakers gave up and have no power behind them. Not worth it if you like to listen to music. It’s also not very customizable because even if you select photos to have on there it will still go to other things it suggests you try. It works really well with ring cameras but not my blink cameras, no matter how many times I do what it says “add the skill” - it doesn’t work	1	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Qwhy	3	August 16, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This is a pretty neat device, I guess.  at this time there is not an app for youtube tv or sling tv. Hulu and amazon prime are about the only options.  This is not very good if you wish to watch live tv. Makes the functionality pretty limited for a device with a nice screen.	2	January 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This little device seems to have so much possibility, but then you find out that you cannot customize your news sources and weather sources.  Major bummer.	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I am only using this as a bed side alarm and the time display features are extremely immature.  The clock type face is too small depite using the magnifier and the icon on shut off the alarm after is comes on is too small and requires swipping up is too complicated when you are barely awake	2	January 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Would be nice for Prime Video/Hulu, etc. to have an on screen search function to search for movies.  The voice controls are clunky at searching for the desired results.	2	November 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Love my echo only thing is I wish it was cordless	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Bought 2 of them and one arrived broken.	3	March 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I have the Show 5, multiple other echos. This one has problems.""skip"" doesnt work. Playing music, or NPR it seems to say ""I dont know how to do that"". All other echos work fine. When you say something else after asking to skip it says ""i am sorry"" for every subsequent verbal request until you exit... Anyone else see this bug?When you exit and ""resume"" what ever you were on starts over from the beginning.As of September its now showing ads#$#$@"	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	UPDATE:  Now it's only showing the clock. I want the background it supposed to show according to my settings. I'm this close to going to Google but I have all this stuff on Amazon. I honestly hate the thing now.Loved my echo shows (have 5) but now every 15 minutes I get a blank black screen. It's SO annoying I'm thinking about returning the two unopened ones. What happened?	1	May 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The camera is good and works fine with Amcrest cloud and Amcrest Pro. But if you want to see the camera live feed, it does not work. Go for some other brand like Ring. They work well easily with Alexa.in Alexa, it finds the cameras, amcrest cloud is good with live flow. But Alexa says, Camera is not responding.Amcrest tech group also does not know much about why this happen. When you call, they send you the basic installation procedure which I know.So I got Ring camera to replace to work with Alexa  and leave amcrest for recording etc.	1	June 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Other then playing music it's not worth buying to me.	1	September 2, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Wish it had more apps like Disney plus n more stuff	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	good work	3	July 18, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I purchased an Echo Show 8 for myself and three Echo Show 5 for my family to engage in a socially distance Thanksgiving. This was so we could enjoy one another’s company and remain safe. The problem is the Echo Show’s Did Not Work. With for devices we could only connect to one other device. How did that help us? It did not we abandoned the Echo Show in favor of zoom. So why should we keep the Echo Show? Amazon can you fix this before Christmas?	1	November 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	So you don’t get Netflix or YouTube with this. I though this would be great in the kitchen so I could follow along some YouTube recipes or maybe catch up on some series while I washed dishes. It really is just a glorified music streamer/Alexa. Debating returning in and just mounting an iPad under the cabinets.	2	January 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It’s a really sad rendition of FaceTime and no matter what size I tried well I guess unless I’ve got maybe a 12 inch or bigger which I don’t even know if they make I couldn’t see when I will try to video chat and trying to figure out the configurations and how to pair with the others was ridiculous	1	October 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I had this Alexa plugged in for about a day when it started glitching. It just starts talking out of nowhere like it’s been asked to look something up then it starts flashing on and off and repeating “I’m sorry”Not sure if it’s a technical problem or if I need to reach out to the church.At any rate it’s unplugged and therefore useless.	1	July 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	DO NOT BUY! I had an echo show 5 that I love. Thought to get bigger screen. The best things do not work well. Most important is the clock. They took away any variety and the clock seems smaller than the echo show 5. A lot of people complain about the same. Night mode also does not seem to work as well. For both they really need to allow you to shut off alarm with a physical button on top. Advice - get the Echo show 5 and avoid the Show 8!	1	October 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I have been several issues with this kind of Alexa. I have 3 Alexa at house but this one have been a trouble. Cannot connect with blink devices and cannot open youtube. I don't recommend it. I am very disappointed"	1	May 22, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I loved the first few days I had this product. It's perfect for my setup. I just wanted a nice scrolling background of images I picked and the clock showing constantly. Now I have this annoying alexa for your day thing, that stays on the page too long and without an option to turn it off. Whoever is reading this, add an option to disable it or I will be forced to return this product.	1	April 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The dimming feature does not work will not go into night mode like my other echo shows so this one gets a 2 star review.	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Would be great if accessing the browser was simpler	3	February 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love the alexa, other than it doesn't work with my blink camera system. Purchased it with the system as a set and had it replaced. Still no connection.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It was great the first year, the screen started having ghost touches after the first year. The plug also has some sort or short or its either the plug input on the device	1	April 26, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	this product sucks. last amazon product i will purchase. never sleeps screen is always on. connects to bluetooth when u don’t want to... if your into someone spying this is the perfect product for u. i’ve never rated a product before but i am now cause it was that bad. i am turning it off forever and i do not care that i wasted money... makes me respect apple product after seeing this one. 0 out of 5	1	March 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	At first I was in love until today when the sound stopped working. Reading the Amazon support forum found this is a common and know issue which requires a reboot. After spending $100 dollars or whatever for the device, this should NOT be happening OR ACCEPTABLE when I haven’t even owned for a month.	2	February 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	.It is slow and alexa kept on triggering the routine set for the whole day  . Too dissatisfied	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show 8 is like a Fire table but fatter.  I'm not impressed by anything so far.  My Echo Dot picks up my voice better than the Echo Show 8.  I think the audio and microphone issues is due to the fact that there is no stand (but this is just my guess).	2	December 30, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	No power base, and it takes an 18 Volt power supply, very poor planning. Try to fid an 18V power pack for it - yuk.	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I didn't know that my 80 year old parents in Michigan needed to have a smart phone to set this up. They have flip phones which a lot of elder still have. I live in Kansas. Due to COVID, it took some time to get someone over to connect it. I wish I knew they needed a smart phone. I would not have wasted money on it. I cannot afford a smart phone for them nor would they want to figure one out at their age.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It wine stay connected to mutt WiFi.  So it's pretty useless.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It seems to have a bug. Twice while it was telling me the weather for the next 7 days it stopped after pronouncing half of a word and the voice could not speak again for hours.  During this mute period it would make a beep sound id I told it to adjust the volume up or down.	2	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I had the original show.much nicer. This seems cheap. The stand is bull. Not happy.  It seems Amazon  decided to go down in quality.	2	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This is the best worst item I ever bought.  I love everything about it, but they ruined it with software updates that turn the screen off after certain period of time.  If I use this as a clock and to see my photos, why the hell do I have to keep ""waking"" you up?  Once I can find  a competitor with similar product, you are gone."	1	June 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Great concept but google home is way more functional.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It's ok see recognizing commands, but not great	3	February 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Works ok but was hoping it would have a web browser	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	Everything about this product is good in concept but it’s actually a limited android tablet, WITH ADS!	1	August 4, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Great for cLls... but it only does 1/2 the things my dot can do, maybe mine is defective. It tells me other devices are in use or just goes to the wrong thing.	2	September 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Unit would not boot up.  Stuck on the Amazon logo screen.Poor testing of the unit before it was shipped out the door.I read online that many people are having the same problem.	1	April 14, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I have owned 3 of these, starting with the original. This is BY FAR the worst.  It doesnt respond to its wakeup word.  It does things I dont instruct it to do, constantly not understanding basic directions. Very unhappy, and probably done with this now that my Ring system makes it not needed.  Stay away from this.  If you already have Alexa and are happy with it, skip this versiom and wait for the 9 version, or the 10 version.  But the 8 version is terrible.  Just terrible.	1	August 25, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It was smaller than my phone if want one I suggest the larger one I got it and it is much better	2	March 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Worked great at first but then it would turn on randomly or would not listen when I would ask to do something like it was slow	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Fine - nothing special or evolutionary that I can see.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"I can't believe that Echo 5 is better than Echo 8. I have both, defiantly  Echo 5 is better since you can have full-screen clock, customized clock where you get different options, but in Echo 8, you cant have full screen clock or any customization. I only use Amazon echo for Clock and Weather, I dont care about others.Also, I have seen hundreds of people asking Amazon to remove ""Try Alexa""  at the bottom of the screen, it is very annoying. I wish I could return my Echo 8 but I live overseas and that's why I said customizing clock is very important"	1	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Get device, Having a problem with my flash briefing News.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The main reason why I bought the Alexa show was to pair it with my Ring Door bell 3 and that feature has not worked. The Show will not give the alerts when the Doorbell rings. I have called Amazon about this issue twice. The last time I called the rep mentioned that it was a know issue and that she would personally call me back (on a specific date we agreed on) to give me an update and I never received a call from anyone.	1	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The device is perfect EXCEPT there's no way to turn off the ""Try..."" new skills prompt at the bottom of the screen. I've done every method I've found on YouTube, on Amazon support forums, and through Google searches. I cannot banish it. It's the only GLARING issue the unit has. The sad thing is that our old sound only Echo is perfect because it doesn't have bollocks like this.I'll keep the unit as it mostly meets expectations. I won't buy another until this idiotic problem is permanently fixed."	1	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I don’t like that I bought this to support my Ring cameras, which is a brand Amazon bought, and this device recognized and added each of my cameras but won’t display them. I’m afraid Amazon can see my cameras and does not present the footage for my benefit, but probably their own. Wake up America. This technology is a scam and not a benefit. I’m going to destroy this device after filming a video of the scam, post it on YouTube and get a ton of views.	1	November 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Apps or skills are too confusing to use	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	This thing is littered with problems. You don’t notice them at first but after a month or two you see that music cuts out, or stops readily. It also starts sounding like a blown speaker when it turns off its screen (which can’t be controlled). Not to mention that the integration with anything non-Amazon feels like driving a truck with the motor from a lawn motor. Oddly Amazon seems to prefer that and Alexa likes to suggest bad integrations. Save your time, money, and sanity. Don’t buy this!	1	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I only purchased this for my ring camera and it states it’s not capable of the video content. All I can get it to do is state someone’s at the door. Well f$&@ duh! I can hear the bell.	1	March 8, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Ordered Dec 27th as a Special offer with an Echo Dot included. There was a choice for color only. Received the Show 8 without the Dot that was in the offer.  I called customer service and was told there was supposed to be an option that should have been chosen to receive the FREE Dot. There was no option. CS representative checked on a separate order also placed by my son at same time. His order also shows NO Free Dot.  Amazon advertised a Free Dot to be included with the purchase of the Echo Show 8 and did NOT follow through.	1	January 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this expecting that echo show and ring doorbell will seamlessly work together but echo show doesn't show the video when ring doorbell is pressed, it just announce some at door and even that also is random, sometime works sometimes not. It looks to me as a half baked product.Don't recommend.	2	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This product isn’t sold at a discount. Yet lately I’ve been getting ads on it for items I don’t need, want or care about in the slightest. It isn’t just Prime ads.Don’t buy this product unless you want a screen full of ads the majority of the day/every time it thinks you’re looking at it. This is even with everything turned off.	1	July 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Absolutely the most worthless piece of junk ever sold on Amazon seven different applications just to try to link my blink Amazon cameras to my show. Absolutely the worst mechanics of any operating system out there. To do anything on it is agonizing hard. I must be 85 years old right?.......nope 40. Just under educated in using apps and things like that........nope my job is senior IT technician for the number one construction company in the world. No joke. Do not buy this.	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	At first it was cool. But as you use it more you realize that it's only a fancy way to look up recipies... if it can even find them.Doesn't understand simple commands/questions.Would not recommend this for anything other than a novelty item.	2	April 10, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Cannot add cameras on it that is why I bought it	2	August 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The picture show is awesome, however in comparison to the google device it lacks the sophistication of the google device.  If listening to Satellite stations, it just plays what is on,  on Google it shows an album cover, what song is playing and who is performing.  SAD SAD SAD.  I only bought it so some of my grandchildren could call me.  But, it is a poor substitute for the Google.	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Have a defective echo waiting on a new one to get shipped to me! Hopefully it will then do what it’s suppose to!	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	System can't display day or date.  Can't set one up for invalid mother leveraging my account so I can remote support it.	2	January 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The Bluetooth sucks I have to go back and forth to connect my phone to Alexa	2	June 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Can you turn off the wallpaper? Kicked me off a recipe page after a certain amount of time.	2	April 29, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Loved the sound quality and video drop in. But all over not worth it limited viewing options with no ability to download more. Only video app that works seamless is Amazon prime video of course the rest have multiple play back issues. Also freezes when ask to connect to my Ring doorbell.	2	January 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is great, the sound however, is not that great, blue tooth portable speakers are much better. The touch screen isn't that great, takes a lot of tries to get open and scroll through items.	2	July 29, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It works fairly well has at times freezes up	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Some things work, but only when I have to reset or reinstall the app to get it to work. Very frustrating	2	March 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It would be all fine and dandy if I knew how to set it up it is so hard	1	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	My wife bought this thing and hated it, so she gave it to me, and I hate the thing also. You can't even get it to go to your Amazon account without a lot of different steps. To be fair i don't have a smart home, I'm not to lazy to turn on a light yet so I don't really see much use for it. I've lived 79 yrs without knowing how to cook a pineapple omelet guess that's all it's good for.	1	November 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I bought this so my daughter could video call my mom. She's a kid and doesn't have a phone, but loves to talk to Grandma. I am quite technologically savvy and fluent. My husband is a software engineer, so yes it is set up correctly. However, video calling does not work and no one can answer my question as to why or get it working properly. Everyone wants to focus on what I did wrong in set up instead of what my device's issue is. Its not me. It's the Show 8.	1	August 18, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The unit works ok but I hate the software. The clock function is really poor and has very few options for change. At some point, the software was updated (without my permission) which changed the size and location of the clock display. Now the lock blocks a large portion of photos that are displayed. Chatted with tech support for nearly an hour with no help! Very disappointed and would not purchase again.	1	April 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Things to try is annoying af AMAZON PLEASE MAKE AN OPTION TO TURN THIS OFF that ACTUALLY work I have over 15 Alexa products in my house so im not new to how to operate it...i have it turned off in the settings but it K E E P S coming back and the picture settings dont work either if I select the option to make the pictures change every 2 seconds or 6 seconds it still do wtf it wants the pictures stay on the screen for about 2 minutes before changing and of course “TRY ALEXA” is on my pics as well SMH	1	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	I received the Echo as a gift from my daughter, who heard me say that I wanted to watch TV and play the radio in the bathroom (no judging, please).  The Echo is a good device: It has nice sound, a good picture, and Alexa provides good access to the internet.  For my purposes -- that is, accessing the TV channels and radio stations I want -- it doesn't do what I want.  The Echo can access TV and radio from the internet, but it can't access the channels and stations I want or can't access them easily or without a subscription.	1	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	dont alway understand the question, or responds incorectly	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Every “update” all your settings go to crap! Photos don’t display and Amazon “recommendation & suggestions” keep popping up even if you turn it all off! Customer service just suggest the obvious “update to the latest version”. However, they claim to be working on a patch for their bugs and a year into waiting still no update for this simple fix!	1	September 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The main reason for my purchase of the show8 was to merge it with my Ring cameras.  Unknown to me, is that there is an ongoing problem with the Echo Show being able to provide live views of the cameras.  Customer support from Ring was not able to solve the problem & referred me to Amazon customer support,  After several attempts, I have been unable to connect with anyone from Amazon.  Very frustrating!	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	many times when i call she don't light up i call 3 times  Alexa  then she respond am not sure why	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	just for having around the house	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	The voice recognition works fine, the speaker is adequate, the touchscreen even works to the touch...but the user interface and speed of the screen and use is super slow and useless.  I have every Alexa there is and never complained.  When I saw this one with a screen, i thought it would be  great.  unfortunately Amazon id nothing to integrate the screen with their skills and it is useless.  Too late to return, now it is an expensive clock radio.	1	November 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	there are virtually no video features, and the ones that exist are barely functional.  eg “Youtube” feature is just running in a web browser	2	December 9, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	70% of questions is answered with I don’t know	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I am extremely pissed that the camera stopped working and that I can't call my friend on the device.  I bought it in January and it stopped working in September.  I am trying to get a replacement but the links provided go to nowhere and the instructions are as clear as mud.	1	November 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I used to love this until recently Amazon decided to add a feature call Alexa for the day now it's an annoying window which is basically useless and I just want to slam my device onto the table. What was Amazon thinking shoving this feature on my expensive device. The sad thing is that I own four echo display devices. I feel as though Amazon has attacked my home.	1	May 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was so excited to get this. so I waited and waited...then I received it (after Christmas I might add) and the sound quality sucks.  I couldn't believe it because I was so happy with the first one (or three).  I was very disappointed. So I returned them.	2	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The speakers sou d very muffled	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Two stars because it's 2019, and Amazon seems to think you would not like to be able to watch Netflix, or Hulu, or HBOGo, or even YouTube (YouTube works, but only in a browser). If you're hoping to be able to use these apps for video services, don't bother purchasing this. Look elsewhere.	2	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	The sound quality is good.  However it kept kicking me off Pinterest as I was trying to follow a recipe.	2	February 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I upgraded from my Echo dot because it never worked right when trying to send messages to other Alexa users. This one is even worse!!! Complete disappointment. There is no reason for such a simple feature to have constant daily errors.	2	May 16, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Nothing Special--Sales are down on these Amazon gimmicks, and now I can see why. What  a Shame.  Nothing NEW here !!!!!	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I was very disappointed that I was unable to connect with any of my family members due to lack of equipment on their part. Without everyone else having the Device, it's just another dust collector on the end tables.	2	June 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I have ordered two Echo Show 8's in the last week.  First one didn't work right, second one came I turned it on...the screen went black and turned off then wouldn't turn back on....then out of the blue it turns back on 5 minutes later. ...but again Alexa didn't recognize voice commands.  You shouldn't have problems with products right out of the box.  I'm hoping the one I bought for my parents works they're setting theirs up this weekend.  If not it goes back too.  Will not be ordering again.	1	June 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I used to love my Echo Show 8 - it was a great digital picture frame, and I can watch Netflix and Jimmy Fallon’s monologue on it. Then came the ‘Alexa for Your Day’ screen, which I can’t disable. It shows up about every fourth screen when the device is in idle mode and showing pictures. I’m in Europe, and Amazon drags me back home. Please Amazon, let me relive my vacation!	1	March 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I wrongly assumed that this new improved Echo Show would offer a way to turn off the absolutely annoying ""Things to Try.""  I was wrong.  Until they come up with a way of turning it off, I can't give a good review to this product or to any other Echo with a screen (Show, Spot).  I would put an Echo Show 8 in every room if they would allow me to kill the Things to Try."	1	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn't have a great microphone, difficult for it to pick up our voices. Has equalizer, but only treble mid and bass, but bass is way too heavy.There is a 10-second video call delay before you can see the person. Quite annoying.  Sometimes we can't hear each other.  I have  the first ever beta version of Alexa. She actually Hears A lot better than this device does.  Forget Bluetooth, runs for about 5 minutes, and then Stops.  Nothing can be done. You can reset it a million times, the same thing happens over and over again.Not thrilled..	1	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Alexa doesn't understand questions or commands. I end up CONSTANTLY going to my phone instead & using ""Hey Google"" to get what I need. I have 2 Shows (Show 5 & Show 8). Both are pretty worthless when interaction is needed. Google is free & works consistently. These Shows aren't worth the money."	1	November 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We’ve had an Alexa for years! I just ordered Alexa show for my husband... it’s the pits! The sounds goes up and down on its own.. she doesn’t listen as well as our original Alexa!	2	July 19, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I like the new model. It's got a nice screen and sound.It's crazy that we still cant access things like pinterest or do a basic web search even.I ideally want to be able to get to recipies I want and not just allrecipies.com which are the only recipes you can search.	2	November 29, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"Amazon uses this device to enter the home and display ""Alexa suggestions"".  I've never had so many recipes forced on me in my life.  All I wanted from it was to see the photos my group added but I only get to see them about half the time.  The rest is what Amazon wants to show me. I have tried to clear all the other stuff away but to no avail. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!  Don't invest in the echo show."	1	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Responds well but the audio quality is terrible when listening to music	2	July 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Really disappointed in this product. Alexia doesn't help much, she doesn't know answers to simple questions. Google does better.  Product didn't come with instructions & I can't get it to work with my other Amazon stuff like my fire stick. I'm not computer smart & having a hard time with it.	2	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Bought this product to replace an aging Gen-1 Echo because it was having some trouble with voice recognition. I’ve regretted the decision ever since. My old echo across the room can recognize voices better than the Show8 that’s right in front of us. It’s also the buggiest echo device we’ve ever purchased; we have 4 others. Overall, it’s one of the most infuriating pieces of technology on our house.	1	April 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	After setting it up, the next day it didn’t work.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I can’t get it to rotate my pictures	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	YouTube, Netflix and other apps are not supported.	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Wish it connected to more devices	3	March 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	"UPDATE March 2021: Dropping to 1 star.  I'm so sick of Amazon forcing stuff onto my screen.  It feels like I paid to have an Amazon billboard in my house.  I'm looking for a good replacement.UPDATE Jan. 2020: the ""Try"" messages can now be removed!  *Happy dance* Increased my rating to 4 stars.  Native support for YouTube & clock customizations would make it 5.Just the right size.  Missing YouTube functionality.  Alexa ""Try"" messaging constantly displaying over my photos - keeping it as an act of faith that Amazon will rectify this sooner or later."	1	December 21, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Is not avaliable in portuguese yet!	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Didn’t like it doesn’t work with different thing	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	We bought 3 of these for us to be able to see who is at the door. We were excited about being able to see on the Echo Show 8. It has showed someone maybe once or twice in 4 months. We don't use it for anything else. Your phone or tablet is much better at anything this device does. The ONLY thing I would use this for is to reach a relative who doesn't have a cell phone or is in a home.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Not good instruction with it.  Have feeling it can do more than we use it for.  Video calling—how do it??	2	January 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Browser :The screen will automatically switch to screen saver around 5 mins. Why the user cannot have right to adjust it ? Particularly when i am watching video by using the preinstalled web browser, it suddenly will switch to screen saver and i lost what i was watching. Totally not user friendly. I want to return the product ! ! Dont buy it if you expect you Could be reasonably watching video through the preinstalled web broswer.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa will not respond to commands.  Needs frequent reboots...Will not integrate with Amazon music.	1	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Purchased next gen and feel like I didn’t really advance at all. Shame to make a purchase like this and feel like I should have just stayed with previous version	2	September 3, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This is the worst product I've ever bought I can't get the Amazon Alexa app to talk with my Echo Show there is no Echo Show even in the app listed and I've been unable to get any customer support be able to help me to get my phone and my Echo Show to talk to one another it won't talk to my Xbox it doesn't do any of the things that it says it's supposed to do and I've been the most frustrated that I've ever been with any product I would never recommend it to anybody	1	April 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Annoying things to try banner	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love it however, I was unaware it was not compatible with Google Duo. Only AT&T and Skype. Unfortunately I will have to return it.	2	December 3, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The angle of the echo makes it horrible to use for video calls. It’s a great idea but a bad design.	2	January 27, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Still need lots of help to use it.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Seems limited in features for the price. My lil echo dot is the same without the screen and cost much less.	2	February 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Broke within 4 months. Replacement item came without a power cord or AC adaptor or any product instructions. Unable to reach Amazon via phone or chat. I suspect that I got a refurbished item rather than a new item, and they forgot to put the accessories in the box.  In fact, if I try to link to the product from the ordering link its says ""Sorry. We Could Not Find That Page."""	1	February 19, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	We already had an Echo speaker in our kitchen, we thought it would be nice to replace it with this so that we could use it for displaying recipes while cooking.  The way that recipes are implemented on here makes it next to useless for that purpose.  There are plenty of other reviews here (which I should have paid attention to) which provide details about all the ways this fails as a recipe device, so I won't bother typing it all out.  I'll just add my voice to the chorus of disappointed people.  We returned it.	1	April 6, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We were looking for an information hub in the kitchen with news traffic and weather updates that would play music for the kids.Traffic maps cost extra, weather maps cost extra, wallpaper photos won't rotate in the background. The news is mostly audio only from NPR which is fine but we have a video screen and would like to use it. Just very disappointed overall.In addition we have to reset the replacement show we received every few weeks because the the background pictures either stop rotating or won't show at all. I wish we had gone with the Google home for sure.	1	January 23, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn’t teach the user how to use it.  Pretty complex for ordering one for loved ones	2	May 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I give it 3 stars. The camera kind of useless. Because the screen made tilted angle up so the camera will be pointed up the celling when you make drop in video call.  Hello Amazon i want to see my family not the celling. Need some kind of stand to tilt the screen and the camera forward.Update review 6/14/2022 : device start to malfunction will not responded to your  command after you left it to play music all night or sleep sound all night. do this everyday, have to unplug and plug it back to reset the device.	1	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	i didnt realize i had to pay monthly to store my family photos very dissapointed. but other wise a great product to have.	1	June 18, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	It stopped working a month after its warranty expired. The screen shows a red exclamation with an echo symbol which means it is bricked. So many other users reporting the same issue. I won't buy another amazon electronics since amazon doesn't sound like back their product.	1	December 31, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"Amazon used to allow owners to tailor content on Echo Shows.  I like mine to simply show me the clock all the time.  Now there is an annoying ""Alexa For Your Day"" advertisement that cannot be turned off.  You ruined a decent product with pushy greed Amazon.  Shame on you"	1	October 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Don’t waste your money.  I literally only bought this for my kitchen to be able to find and show recipes while cooking, but you can’t.  For some reason this overpriced paperweight doesn’t have a web browser, so you can’t look up your favorite recipes to display.  You can only search recipes using All Recipes which barely works and is total crap.  Why in the world Amazon would make a device within a screen but no web browser is totally beyond me.  You can’t even get it to properly search the web using Alexa voice control.	1	March 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	First off, the Echo Show 8 isn’t listed on the Alexa app. It wouldn’t connect to my ring doorbell or any of my other Echo dots.For how much this is being offered you would think it would be able to be treated like a small tablet. Nope. You can’t search for anything on it without having Alexa do it for you.The voice recognition was bad she couldn’t understand what I was saying even when saying it slow and loud/soft.It’s also being offered cheaper in store for the Show 8.	1	May 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I am not techie. I did not want this. My husband did. It is sitting unused on my kitchen counter.  It came without any directions.  Total waste of space and effort to try to set it up.	1	February 11, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn't work lol the reviews say.	1	September 2, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Will not show your Adt cameras	3	November 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I've had several Alexa products in my home for several years no. There has been no significant improvement in the reliability of the software and 99.9% of the skills are utter garbage. Frequently they refuse to stop playing what you put on (unplugging is the only way to stop it), they randomly respond to nothing, the constantly promote things I'm not interested in, the only somewhat reliable function is using it as a timer and I have seen it ignore requests to set one of those to. Amazon has seemingly no interest in improving this software, which is frankly complete garbage.	1	February 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"I am looking for a product that can show me (and my kids) our Google calendar on a screen. I'd like the calendar to be the screen saver and wall paper, so it's always visible. The Echo Show will display it if asked (""Alexa, show me the calendar""), but my kids never ask to see the calendar!  Plus, it doesn’t display on the correct days. So it defeats the purpose for me. I wish Amazon/Alexa/Echo would develop this feature and help busy working moms everywhere!"	1	September 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"The device did setup upon plugging in, but in about 24 hours the screen went black with only ""echo"" showing.  Spent about 3 hours trying to set it up but it would not connect to my account.As I was arranging for its return I was prompted to talk with technical support.  My cell phone rang and I got a prerecorded message that tech support was not working and to call back later."	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I have even posted this on facebook as best gifts for Christmas In have ever received.  My daughter bought one for my son and herself and one for her brother.  I was able to sit with (Boston)them on Christmas at the dinner table and with my son (Washington State) with his children opening gifts.  I want all my friends to get one because we can connect it such a great way	1	January 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I’m returning mine after 2.5 months. The device has been giving issues around voice commands and pairing with Bluetooth speaker. I have 2 other Alexa devices but I’ll send this back to get a different one. Looks like this was a bad apple from the pack.	2	February 7, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Seems to work great. Biggest complaint is the integration with Spotify. If you use Spotify as your music streaming service I would consider not purchasing an Amazon device.*** update*** the longer I have this product the more issues I have. Integration with Spotify is horrible and I find myself playing music through my phone app and casting to the eco show. If I ask Alexa to play a station 1 time out of 20 it actually plays it.	1	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I'Ve opened a support over amazon Brazil and they are supposed to understand and help. So, im waiting then for a reply.Alexa is already setted on app for portuguese as a language, my home adress, and pointed to www.amazon.com.br, so, every setup is complete. Also I'm amazon Prime in Brazil. Even so, I have no information about places, restaurants, cook recipes, etc, so, Alexa has disappointed me because the only thing im am doing is listening music and seeing weather conditions. Also, listening music should be without advertising because I'm amazon prime, but, there is advertising all time.	1	March 2, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I got this as a gift. It works sometimes. Alexa listens sometimes. I have to reboot to get it to work again	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	For the past 6 months or so (this time has been filled with various troubleshooting attempts) our echo show will stop playing music and make a shshshshhh sound.  I have tried changing the network, returning it to factory defaults, etc.  We have other echo receivers that we have not had a problem, however this one is annoying and ruining our experience.	1	May 28, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I got this for my kids' room.  I want them to be able to call to grandma's alexa.  I have spent about 3 hours trying to do this.  You can find some links that don't help.Then I go to amazon for product support but it says you have to pay after 90 days.  ???I love alexa, but NOT FOR A KIDS ROOM.	1	April 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I thought she’d do more	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Voice recognition is absolute garbage. Even first generation Alexa functions better than this. The video feature is cool but otherwise it is a useless novelty.	2	October 26, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	This is the only Alexa that is not seeing the wifi.  I waited to use it until I moved. I have been using it for less than a month and not it is saying offline all my other Alexa products are online.  Frustrating it’s the same wifi and this one is closest to my router.  Waste of money!!	1	July 23, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo show 8 actually functions pretty good but it will fail on you.It was received Dec 2020 and replaced by Amazon the first failure in March 2021.It has failed again to today and of course Amazon says it is out of warrantee by 14 days.	1	December 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Screen display is defective, will be returning	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	no me gusto y la devolvie	1	August 28, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	The device is useless. Even though it shows that your app has given it access to your contacts it still won't call cell numbers. And when you try to edit the contact list through the device it does not give you that ability. Repeat this device is f****** useless it is not user friendly spend your money on a different device	1	July 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Nice video quality and easy setup	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Work fine for 2 mos then my unplugged it to rearrange and it hasn,t been right started the displayed time being off by 2 hours the time unplugged. Alexa would say correct time but could get the display to read correctly changed time zones in an attempt to correct. Finally had reset to factory to correct nearly 24hrs later. Now its about  the only thing working correctly	1	March 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I thought I would like the new at  Echo show  But I have been very let down the screen looks up too high for video calls it doesn't understand commands like my other echo,I feel like it was a waist of money	2	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Expected more for the value	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Este pedido yo lo pedí en diciembre y traía la cámara junta con la echo 8 y lo que hicieron fue que como no tenían el echo 8 en el momento me comieron como que lo tenían más varato y resultó que me cojieron con el mandaron la cámara primero para cobrar la y servicio al cliente me vino con que la cámara yo la pedí separada y eso está mal de ellos yo soy una cliente que les compró a ellos por mucho tiempo y no esperaba esto de amazon que de solución me e llevado de amazon	1	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Very disappoint that you are unable to make 3 way video calls.  I saw back in 2017 that it was being looked into.It was not easy to set up unless you have an Amazon account.	2	April 22, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The sound turns off every single day.  I bought this to drop in to a rehab facility for a bed bound senior who can’t have any visitors. Worked great the first day. The next day, no sound. Did a lot of internet searching and found this is a known issue. The fix is to unplug the plug from the device itself, but my senior cannot do this, and it only works for less than a day before it needs to be unplugged again. Very frustrating. Am returning.	1	July 28, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This product is OK - does what it is supposed to.However - watch out for the trade-in deal!  I was quoted $25 for my gen 1 echo - shipped them a perfectly working unit - no scratches, no blemishes and they then gave me $5 and charged my card $20.  It's a scam, plain and simple.  Seriously disappointed in Amazon.  They do not allow you to put a review up on the process and when I clicked on the reason I was down-graded all it states is ""yes.""  Terrible job Amazon."	1	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"I really like the Echo Show. It performs as expected and I like the features. The deal breaker for me is that you can't disable the bluetooth pairing notification. You get a loud, distracting notification EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. it pairs. If you pause your playback for longer than just a few moments and start it again...BOOM! ""Now playing from xxxxxx...""I would give this device 5 stars if this notification could be disabled."	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Stick with the echo dot. This product is very limited on what it can do. It uses being as a search engine and often has a more limited search then the dots. I feel they rushed this product and it was poorly executed	2	February 24, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	The speaker failed shortly after the warranty expired. I understand these things happen to people and with electronics, however knowing that doesn't make me any less disappointed in the product. Not only that, Alexa just is not good at multitasking or recognizing my voice from many different areas of my home. It constantly fails at answering simple questions that it's biggest competition gets right consistently.	1	April 14, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	"I was happy with the Show until ""Alexa for your day"" started showing up on the home screen. There's no way to disable it. It may not seem like a big deal to most, but for a neurodivergent individual like me, it's a deal breaker. I liked my home screen the way I had it. Now my Show is packed up and being returned."	1	April 10, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	This would be a great device if it didn't have the annoying Try Alexa hints on screen with no ability to turn it off. I've had Alexa devices for several years now, and I don't need additional suggestions on how to integrate Alexa more into my daily life. I'm contemplating returning the device, I find it so annoying. To me it borders on advertising, and I don't want a device that shows advertising with no way to opt out.On the upside, I did figure out how to integrate with my Ubiquiti cameras so that's been nice.	1	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	"I bought the echo show for my own Christmas present. I ""played"" a lot with her. Wish I could change her voice!  I think Siri is more intuitive and Siri you just ask a question instead of the need to download skills."	2	February 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	After watching videos it will not stop!! No matter how many times we exit out or tell it to stop… in order to get it to stop playing videos we have to unplug!! It’s frustrating	1	March 13, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	See above.	3	April 14, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Everybody I know uses Zoom. It would be very useful if I could Zoom from my kitchen. I'm not happy with the restriction from using Zoom or other Android apps.	2	July 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	My family and I were initially very excited to get this device. It was a little irritating to see the occasional advertisement for a skill pop up over our photos, but we could love with that. Unfortunately the advertisements got worse over time and now take over entire screen. One out of every five screens is a phot, the rest are advertisements.  Getting to the point where we will be getting rid of it and going back to the old speaker only device.	1	September 17, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	We have many devices and I gave this to my mother in law.  When we video chat her sound is horrible.  Very spotty. She often has to hang up and disconnect the power... I'm not happy right now	2	April 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Still trying to coordinate with my Dot	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Love the size, the sound quality, all the handy things Alexa does for me...keeping lists, reminders, music, radio stations.  Would give it 5 stars if I could turn off “things to try” and customize the clock face.  Beyond irritating, will probably return unless they update this soon.	2	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Really only good for listening to music and timers. And even that sometimes doesn’t work.  Video is glitchy.  Gets stuck often and needs to be unplugged and plugged back in.	1	March 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	Does not have the same quality bass or treble sound as the echo plus 2.  The mics do not hear as well either, concerned about the drop in feature, and family or otherwise dropping without being aware someone could be listen without making their presence known.  There should be some sort of reminder beeping built in, that I can control when and know someone has dropped in.	1	February 17, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Limited Use.Small Selection of apps.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Dont really see the point in it. The regular echo works just as well. The video calling aspect doesn't work no matter how many times I try to set it it up on the app! Might as well have just stayed with my dot!	2	January 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"This should be ""plug and play""  but it is a long way from it.  The youtube plays are not clear to somebody that is not computer savy.  I would not recommend this to anybody.  Many things wrong when you get it to work, cord is too short, the camera angle is too high if set on a table, help content is a zero in my view."	1	January 13, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	To many adds on screen	3	February 13, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Too much content is pushed onto you by Amazon. Hard to customize, some apps are not available	2	April 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Would have given it a five star but disappointed that you can not adjust the clock. I use this as my alarm clock and would love to be able to adjust the clock to a bigger setting like I do in my echo show 5.	2	December 30, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Had to pay extra for stand.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Thought this was going to be a nice little addition to the kitchen to watch my shows while baking. No, there are almost no apps to use with it, so it’s basically no more useful that the dot I already have.	2	March 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Does not respond to voice commands!	3	February 23, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Hulu won't work after update but we should just be ok and accept it.  Then some voice view crap gets set and it is impossible to turn off.  Bunch of crap.  I want my money back	1	January 30, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	"Look, it's not a bad device. Sounds alright, screen is good quality. But despite what everyone claims, you CANNOT turn off the ""Try"" recommendations. Amazon, you need to listen. Let us turn THIS exact feature off. If it continues to annoy me, I am sending this thing back."	2	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	This Alexa has had nothing but trouble. It not only fails to recognize our voices but answers have nothing to do with the questions asked. Also the sound on this is horrible. Definitely should have stuck with my old one.	2	March 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	It sould come with travel case	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Update!! After one year of use, I am down grading my review to One and a Half stars. This show seems to work less well than our echo, it frequently hears something totally different than what we have asked, ...it is like previous version rather than a newer version.Perfect size. Would definitely make an easier option to not have all the notifications pull up. Turned them off in options but some still come up. And disappointed there are not tons of options for clock faces/optionsTwo year update.. This thing gets worse by the day	1	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Buen sonido y reconocimiento de voz, sin embargo configurar los skills no es fácil y muchos están mal calificados, porque en realidad prometen una funcionalidad y no cumplen.	2	July 31, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	"Good device. Good value. Does what it is supposed to.HOWEVER, Amazon absolutely REFUSES to allow you to disable to disable the CONSTANT ""Things to try"" spam on the bottom of the device. The scrolling text is designed to, and will, grab your attention, a thousand times a day, turning a useful, friendly device, into a stressful, security nightmare.Stay far away from this."	1	March 7, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Works well. Sounds great	3	March 1, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Amazing sound poor interaction with voice assistantGreat concept amazing sound on the echo eight but again concept of understanding hearing and executing tasks I give this device a C minus	1	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Show 8	I rated so low because if you have satalite internet the echo show eats up your data in a heartbeat. So I keep it turned off until I want to see my family. Which really was a waist of money for me.☹️	2	January 20, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Muy mala reconocimiento de vos 👎😡Calidad de sonido  regular 😒esperaba mejor calidadIntegración más o menos 😔	2	February 4, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Piece of junk, never could get it to do Prime Video, let alone anything else.	2	May 2, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Doesn't recognize question 50% of the time	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Show 8	I live Alexa. I have a device in every room. Started replacing w echo show. This was our 3rd one, got it in December. Set up, no issues. Then all of a sudden it disconnected it self and won’t reconnect.Factory reset, clueless online chat and it’s dead.I am 5 days beyond the return window. 5 days.I now have a very expensive paperweight. Beware!	1	February 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The Echo Show 8 will not display entire track listings for music albums all on one page. This makes locating individual songs very cumbersome and annoying.	2	September 8, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Works better then expected. Love it!	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	After just over a year my device went dead. No warning. I have an older model that is still working fine. I’m disappointed because I like the large screen because it was so easy to see and navigate. I don’t know if I want to spend the money to replace it.	1	November 11, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Only issue is no user guide included.  You can buy one.	2	June 16, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The item insists in suggesting Alexa skills. This is unwanted, and it spoils the photos and  useful info that might be shown. As long as this keeps on showing up over my Facebook photos, my review will be a cautious 2-star.	2	January 14, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I was under the assumption that the Echo 8 emulated the Echo 5’s capabilities. I was very wrong. One of the biggest problems the Echo 8 has is the display clock. The clock stays small, in the upper right hand corner. You cannot, like on the Echo 5, make the clock bigger and there are no different clocks to choose form. What you see is what you get. So, that being said, I Amon the fence about this device and feel that Amazon has made a huge mistake in taking away various capabilities.	1	March 21, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	I went from the original first gen to this and not sure what has changed but voice control is spotty and display darkens a lot	2	September 13, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	One would think the voice recognition improves over time, not degrades.. tremendously. But here we are	2	March 5, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Was a gift for an elderly person who is hard of hearing.  Difficult to hear; too many features for an advanced senior.  Had it sent back to the person who gave the gift.  Just too much to absorb.	2	February 11, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Too expensive for capabilities	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	My family hates  this thing its a big peace of junk u have to yell at it most of the time just so it can here u an the other half of the time it does not have an answer for what your asking it so I end up using my android phone with Google we are really thanking about getting the goggle home instead of this junk	1	January 25, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Will not link up with smart home devises.	2	August 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Alexa show often doesn’t respond when asked simple things like “show me the news” or “send someone a voice message”	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Just not enough useful applications	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	It’s fine. It’s connects w ring and the blink cameras. They need to integrate w streaming tv like sling and YouTube tv.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Ordered as a Christmas gift.  Package was pristine - everything in original packaging.  When we were setting the unit up it came up with a screen showing it was already registered to someone else.  Then noticed two dead pixels.  This was obviously returned as defective, repackaged and sold as new.  To add insult to injury, spent over two hours with Amazon customer service trying to get resolved.  Transferred to six different people and got cutoff.Completely unsatisfied with Amazon’s customer service on this.Carefully inspect your device.	1	December 25, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Ok not as s I expected	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	Product had missing numbers for the time. I hope this isn't a bad sign.	2	May 9, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	The echo Alexa stop talking.  I can’t here on it. I tried troubleshooting but still can’t hear!!!!	2	February 15, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	It is basically an outdated fire tablet that does a lot less. It malfunctions 90% of the time sadly and this is the most updated one. Was quite disappointed that you can’t do more on the device itself. Two way camera/audio is very spotty and doesn’t work most of the time.  Would not recommend this buy.	1	July 30, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Audio not clear at beginning of call snd so far,  not impressed with drop in	2	March 12, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	Wanted to love it. The Try quote always on the screen and the lack of customization forced me to return it! I can’t believe you cannot make the clock and weather full screen. I just want a background with the time and forecast that’s it. Anyways it’s up to amazon to update the software and that hasn’t proven to be anytime soon. Add more customization features and I’m on board. Until I can actually see the time and date on a huge screen instead of it tucked in the upper left corner I’ll pass	1	December 17, 2019	0
Echo Show 8	Amazing product at a great price	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought this so I could view all of my Kasa cameras and also be able to keep a camera on screen at all times. The echo show and the Kasa cameras seems to “timeout,” which means I have to go back through the menus and load up the camera screen again. This is a huge inconvenience, which will likely result in me returning this product.	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Show 8	I like it for a clock	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Show 8	I bought Alexa to go with my ring but regert it. I dont listen to Brainwashing news. Facts are fine but I dont want to CNN's opinion everytime I walk by Alexa. I am tired of purchasing things just to have Big Techs opiniin shoced down my throat. I have my own opinions ans dont need yours. Never would have purchased had I known it was just a platform for MSM in my home.	1	November 12, 2020	0
Echo Show 8	Should come with a stand.	3	January 29, 2020	1
