variation	verified_reviews	rating	date	feedback
echo show 10	First the camera is offset, so the screen is always offset when it follow you, that is when it does actually follow you, because more than half of the time it does not, and God forbid you try to touch the monitor, because it will constantly tell you the screen has bumped into something... It has way too many bugs in the software ... I am not at all impressed with this update, because it doesn't seem like a lot of thought went into this model!BUT ... My biggest gripe has to do with the electrical cord, it is way too short, and plugs into the bottom of the base, which is also insanely difficult to reach without the monitor swinging all around, and good forbid you have to unplug it for any reason, because it will constantly make you put in your password over and over!I am sorry, but this update is a big fail! It is definitely not ready for consumers! They really should have worked out the bugs before releasing it to the public! This unit truly seems like it should be in beta testing still, because it has way too many issues that need to be addressed!Update: The advertisement makes it look as if you can use the device to scan one’s surroundings, when not at home, but what only the small print reveals, which most people will miss, that it only does this FOR A PRICE AND with a SUBSCRIPTION to HOME GUARD plus!At $250, this should have been included, at least for a year, free of charge! I bought this believing I could scan a room, from my mobile device, only to find out ... you can’t, NOT EVEN WHEN YOU ARE AT HOME! Really Amazon, you couldn’t include that at least for a year free! As a prime member, for many years, I find this totally unacceptable, from a billion dollar company, that is charging way too much for this device! Do yourself a favor and wait until Amazon addresses the many issues and bugs this device does have at the present time!Xtra, And apparently there is no way to pair the Amazon Remote in the software! I have search high and low for a way to pair my remote, but the option is no longer in the settings on the device or app!After several months of owning this device I can say with all honesty it is the WORST device and echo show I have EVER owned!, along with the new Echo, Amazon has me truly believing it is time to cancel all my Amazon accounts, because the majority of their devices don’t work like they claim! If I have to yell one more command to turn play a show on Hulu and Netflix only to told you cannot play HULU or NETFLIX on this device, I will start looking for devices that actually do …. Amazon really needs to get on the ball, because I am quickly losing faith in all their products and services!	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I've owned this for 1.5 years now so am comfortable stating what I like and dislike.  I upgraded from an Echo  Show 2nd Gen and really liked that device.  The new tracking feature is what attracted me to upgrade.The tracking is very good.  I have this in the kitchen and get my morning news brief while making a cappuccino and my breakfast.  As I walk around the kitchen, it tracks me well so I can glance over at what is on the screen at a great viewing angle at all times.The downfall of this device is the microphones.  I [had] another echo device in the room next to the kitchen.  There is one wall and about 20 feet of distance separating them.  Many times while standing and looking at the echo for a command, the device in the next room would respond or start playing music.  So the microphone on the device 20 feet away is more sensitive than the device 5 feet away.  It became so frustrating that I unplugged the other device.Another issue with the microphone is with general commands.  If I'm playing music or news and give it the command ""Alexa stop"", it will sometimes pause briefly and then continue playing as if it doesn't care about what I'm asking.  I've tried ""Alexa, home screen"" and it will react the same way with a brief pause as it listens and then just continues on with what it was doing.  Repeating the command many times will eventually get it to stop.  There have been multiple times I just unplug it to get it to stop though.To me, this device was a step backwards in voice recognition and/or quality of the microphones.  I will have to think if I want to jump on being an early adopter in the future."	3	October 11, 2022	1
echo show 10	"The novelty of Alexa Echo Show following your face or finding you in the room is interesting (at least once the initial absolute terror and creepiness wears off.) Nevertheless, practically, the face follow is a bit of a mess with video calling. My mother moves her body, in a kind of rocking manner when she speaks and she gesticulates with her hands frequently. Poor Echo Show trying to follow her makes you feel like you are in a new installment of Blair Witch Project. Zoom in, zoom out, move left move right, where are we? It is very distracting. I also find that the camera quality is terrible. Maybe because she's moving so much she never gets time to focus? So although the moving camera is novel, the execution leaves a lot lacking.Overall, Alexa seems to take triple the time to respond on the new Echo vs the Gen 2 Echo. Really? I don't know why. Same internet, same location. She's slow.... Basically she's quietly saying ""patience young padawan... You MUST learn patience""Also my mom SWEARS that the screen quality is less than her Gen 2 Echo. But she has dementia and failing eyesight so... I don't think I see any difference.Pros of the new echo:Built in privacy shieldCapability to join ZoomIt moves to find your face when you are anywhere in the room360 speakerEven more streaming integration optionsConsSlow to respond, Alexa forgets what she's doing a lot (maybe it's just her company?)Waves about wildly in video conference unless the speaker initiates ""statue mode"" while speakingSlightly unstable base (compared to the Gen 2)Would I buy it again? Part of me wishes I just got the giant TV Alexa but I don't think my mother would have been able to handle that much change at once. Overall, it's not annoying enough to return it or try to get my Gen 2 Echo back, but at the same time, there's lots of ""meh"" feelings going around.That's a wrap!"	3	September 27, 2022	1
echo show 10	I wanted so bad to love  this little machine. I thought it would solve a lot of the problems I’d been having.First off, don’t get me wrong- a few of the issues were my own fault. But some were hers. Like when she wouldn’t understand me and would just ignore me rather than ask for clarification. (My echo doesn’t do that). Or when I turned the setting to “don’t move the screen unless I tell you to follow me” and it was still shifting. I mean, stop. I have you pointing where I want. Stop moving.My fault- I thought I could have it show my to do list and calendar on the screen always. Nope- that’s the show 15. I have cognitive difficulties due to medication and I wanted my to do’s right there in my face all the time. But I can’t do that with this. That was my own fault.The good- I wanted to be able to use this to pop in and see my pets while I was out. Mostly amazing. I only ever used it with the drop in feature so I can’t VERIFY that you can control the screen remotely but with the drop in, the video and audio work both ways (but all I heard was the fur of my cat rubbing against the speakers and then he moved the camera to where I couldn’t see him anymore. I was unable to move the screen back). 😒Apparently there is another way to view the cameras but I don’t know if it is two way audio/ video at that point.So if you’re getting it for a pet camera you might want to play with how it works.The audio was fine and good but I have an echo with a bumpin speaker for the little orb she is so it wasn’t that impressive. It felt heavy and ungainly. The screen always flopping around. (But never where I wanted it).If I recorded video and wanted something that could follow me, maybe this would be great (I never tested that). Or if I did things where I needed to keep an eye on the screen all the time, this might be great. Unfortunately, it didn’t solve the problems I was hoping it would.Which was basically a pet camera and an Alexa in one. The pet camera part was fine but the Alexa just seemed to work worse than my echo and if I moved her from room to room (what I wanted to do) it seemed to be a big  ordeal. I’m 95% sure she’s going back. I keep trying to make it work though. I’m not sure why. Maybe it’s because I like seeing my pictures on all the time. But a $180 (on sale) picture frame that sulks and ignores you? Idk. I listen to a lot of podcasts so she plays those a lot and controls a lot of routines but my DOT can do that and I got that for $20.	3	July 19, 2022	1
echo show 10	"The idea of the Echo Show 10 is such a game changer, I was ready to make it the hub of my music and entertainment center at home. Echo already controls my television remote, my lights, and my spotify. With the Show, I was expecting it to do the same with photos and other features.Unfortunately, nearly every feature I was excited about underdelivered.Photo BoothI was most excited about the idea of telling my show ""Alexa, take a picture"", have it find me and my friends and snap a selfie. What a great addition to parties! And while the camera has improved, the lighting adaptation has not. Most of the photos came out extremely average if the lighting wasn't perfect. The kind of quality I would have expected to post on my MySpace in 2006.The other great addition was the ability to tell my Show, ""Alexa, take a video"". It did a good job of finding me, but every video has to end with you saying ""Alexa, stop video."" I called customer service, certain that there must be a gesture I could assign, or perhaps a way to set a time and have Alexa take a 10 second video. But no, after exploring all options like ""routines"" and ""IFTT"" every video has to end with you telling Alexa to stop.There's also no way to get the photos and videos straight to your phone, so you're stuck waiting for it to upload to Amazon Photos, then going into your phone, opening Amazon Photos, finding what you want, then downloading, then editing the end of that video so it doesn't end with your stop command. Clunky and unnecessary when there are so many easy ways they could have programmed all this to work better.MUSICI was excited about the lyrics feature on Amazon Music. They advertised ""Have your own karaoke night!"" But there are almost no karaoke songs on Amazon Music. They are plentiful on Spotify and other music services. A speaker with a  screen makes karaoke such an obvious use, that it's shocking there's no way to do it. Either you can bring up the lyrics with the original song and vocals, or you can stream Spotify, but then the lyrics don't come up. Looked for third party solutions, but they were all just a few karaoke songs for small children.  Another wasted opportunity.SOUNDThe sound was good. I was expecting it to be more like the Echo Studio with a screen, but the speaker is much smaller. Solid, but nothing that impressive. I ended up buying the Echo Sub to pair to it and that improved the sound greatly. Now my music sounds like a sound system...IF I STREAM FROM A SERVICE.I write and produce music, so a lot of times I like to play my own music from my phone. To do that you need to pair your phone with your echo, at which point the echo acts just like a bluetooth speaker. That's fine, except now the Echo Sub no longer works, since that connects to your echo through bluetooth as well. So that great bassy sound I get with regular music isn't available for my own music if I play through my phone via iTunes or Soundcloud. Yet another opportunity missed.YOUTUBEYouTube...works. You access it through a web browser which is just clunky. The promise of a user friendly youtube playing all your videos and exploring and going down a youtube hole on a Friday night just doesn't work through the browser the way a dedicated app would.FACESIt may not make sense to complain about a feature that isn't included that was never promised, but with echo having a screen, it seems like a logical step to create skins/faces that mimic what Alexa is saying. i picture a translucent face, like Snow White's mirror, or something cartoony. I'm surprised a third party developer wouldn't have made something like this available, and it would give the Show that much more of a personality.Overall, I enjoy using the Echo Show 10. There seem to be a lot of kinks and falls short of its potential, but I knew that being an early adopter and purchasing the day it became available. And while most of these things are little frustrations, a big frustration is that only about a month after purchasing, Amazon has dropped the price $40, effectively punishing the early adopters for getting behind their product. That, along with my other issues, dropped my review from the five stars I wanted to give, down to the three I gave it.Hope this helps others!"	3	March 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought this for my mom who has dementia as a way to 1) drop in, 2) play music, 3) setup routines, 4) display photos from two family members and 5) display the date/time/temp. Below are my opinions:1) The drop in calls freeze frequently.2) The music is a nice feature and I’m glad it is included with prime membership. If this is some sort of free trial I am going to guffaw about it later.3) The routines are okay, but don’t expect detailed routines out of the box. If you want Alexa to ask the user a question and answer based on response you have to start with blueprints which is a slightly more advanced feature.4) I am really disappointed with photo sharing! My sister and I linked our Amazon accounts for the soul purpose of sharing and displaying photos from both of our Amazon photo accounts. It isn’t working at all and only displaying photos from one device. When you send a photo to the echo it doesn’t save in a folder or anything, I have no idea where they’re going.5) 0/5 for the clock display settings. I cannot believe this device is incapable of adjusting the clock display. Im 33 years old and can’t see the date from 10-15 feet away. I thought this thing was designed for the size of a living room?Overall, I think the device is just okay. It is not designed to have multiple users outside of voice ID. Don’t expect using the app on multiple phones to be easy. This isn’t great for elderly or cognitively impaired people if they don’t understand how to speak to AI well. Honestly, the only reason I feel like this device is so expensive is because of the motion control. We had to turn the motion control off because it constantly rotated around the room. It was comical. Also, the black device comes with a white cord. The heck?!	3	September 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Got a Show 5 for $10 last prime day and we really loved having our photos displayed on a rotating basis. 10yo son likes seeing the lyrics of songs he plays. Rather than have 2 devices on the kitchen counter (echo plus and show 5) figured we'd upgrade to the show 10. Sound quality was excellent and the visual features were good - more useable than with the show 5. The fatal flaw that led to returning it was that the microphones just aren't sensitive enough. If any noise was going on in the room (from TV in the great room or from the echo iteself) then the chance of the device picking up the wake word dropped to unacceptable levels. Also, often a command would be interpreted as an announcement so that the whole house would hear something like ""turn off the kitchen lights"". Non-screen echos have an array of 7 microphones that do a much better job than the 2 that are located at the top of the show screen."	3	November 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I will give my 5 cents to this device. The unboxing experience is uneventful, however a warning here: You do need a smartphone or tablet to be setup with Alexa or this will not work. That is nowhere mentioned in the advertisement.  The Alexa software is by far one of the worst I have seen in years. There is no real menu, you have to scroll through pages and pages of stuff, cluttered with things that are not helpful and confusing. Pictures and advertisement do not belong in a menu. The structure again, horrific.Neither on the Alexa app or on the device itself is a home screen where you see all your apps.It’s a cluster of menus, very hard to navigate.Now, to our device. The first thing I turned off was motion. The screen does a lousy job following you and always seems to be angled off. Even when you turn motion off, every time you hit the screen to use a menu, the screen will bounce around and you need two hands. One to hold the screen and one to use the menu. The touchscreen is very unresponsive and often needs multiple touches to respond. There is a lot of glare coming from the display as wellThe sound is good (not great) for a small device and you can pair Apple Music if you don’t want use Amazon Music. Warning: This device is not Airplay compatible, so it will not work in a multi-room setting in the Apple ecosystem. You can stream directly or from your phone via Bluetooth, to a single device. If you have a TuneIn Radio account you can stream from that, but I have not figured out yet how you play your favorites. The Echo will respond to stuff like “play NPR Radio on TuneIn” This device has no way to create or view playlists or use existing playlists in Apple Music.The amount of consent you have to give to let the Echo read your calendar in your email account is worrisome. I decided against it because exposing your email account to Amazon simply is not my cup of tea. The build in web browser needs work. It is super-slow and will just stop working for no reason. I have the Echo now 2days and had multiple occurrences of freezing screens and the entire Echo going dark. This also happened to me in Food Network.I turned on the news and when I came back to the kitchen 10 minutes later, the screen is dark. It simply stops, without command.  The “try Alexa” feature is a nagging unstoppable insult and can get you mad enough to go the psych ward. No matter what, you cannot turn it off fully.So after careful consideration and two days of use I decided to keep it a couple more days and wait for a software update. Amazon do you hear me? Add an option to turn off “try Alexa”. Give this thing a real menu. If not, you will get it back before the end of next week.Edit: Now, on day three, it starts to just turn off. There is no setting to prevent that. Alexa is tired and goes to sleep. I am tired too and today Echo goes home to Amazon.	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Echo show 10 fits the bill perfectly as a central hub for all your smart home as well as personal assistant needs. The built in Zigbee hub is great to seamlessly connect all your smart devices natively. Audio quality is pretty much just on par with the normal Echo devices and nowhere close to something like the Echo Studio.The biggest gripe about this device is that its s..l..o..w. Amazon packed in a lot of features into this device but forgot to use a decently performant microprocessor and RAM. Its slow for every damn thing you ask it to do. Touch response takes at least 4-5 seconds just to open apps. For a device thats not exactly cheap for what it does, this is a huge miss from Amazon's part. It doesnt take that much to use a faster CPU and memory which is cheap ! In general, its probably not such a big deal but it is the difference between a device that is good vs one that is extraordinary.	3	October 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	"History -I've owned a lot of Echos. Starting with the original device, multiple gens of dots, Echo Shows from 5 to 10, and now this device. I'm familiar with the ecosystem, and I generally love what they do. This purchase seemed like an obvious upgrade.That's why I'm disappointed to say that I regret the purchase. I haven't returned it yet, either because I'm holding out hope for optimization or I'm too lazy to do it.Positives -It is a sharp looking device with a good-enough screen. It's not the picture quality you get from top-end phones, tablets, or televisions, but that isn't what this product is supposed to be.The camera is a significant upgrade from the previous Echo Show , so if you actually use the camera - big win here. It features the physical hardware slider that first appeared on the Echo Show 5 to give you peace of mind when you want that blocked.It's still got the same Alexa skills/capabilities that make the previous devices great.Negatives -This Echo routinely fails to answer when I'm near it, and one of the other devices will respond. Again, I have six Echos in the house, and I'm used to where the ""points of confusion"" normally fall. This is a completely different situation. I'm standing in front of the device, I watch it ""wake"" on Alexa, and then I'm answered by an Echo that's sitting 20+ feet down the hall. I'm genuinely unsure how it's possible. Other times it will not hear the wake word at all, and I'm left wondering if that's due to the new speaker configuration.*** This is so unlike the behavior of my other Echo devices that I might actually try an exchange to see if there's something wrong with this unit. ***The device ""loses track"" of me a lot more than I expected. I cleared the view so it has minimal obstructions, but it still makes dumb mistakes like thinking a person on the television 12 feet away is me. This was the single biggest reason I got the device, and it's a real disappointment. When it starts spinning quickly to locate you, there isn't any noise, but it will draw attention. That said, when the motion tracking works, it's as awesome as I hoped it could be.On a similar line of thought, the flexibility of facing the other way sometimes lead to annoyance that the screen isn't oriented where I'm used to from the kitchen. This is trade-off you have to make, but it's been more noticeable than I expected. Over time I believe it won't be as big a deal.Minor quibbles -For a $250 device the charcoal Echo should come with a charcoal cable. This device, in particular, benefits from sitting in an open area. It's unattractive to have a bright white cable running from it.The rotation does mean you've got to reserve more space for it. You're also going to want to clear anything that would be in the direct line of sight like a plant, or it'll get really confused.There's supposedly a powerful new processor, but I didn't notice anything being ""snappier"".Summary -I thoroughly enjoy Amazon's Echo devices, but this one has been a letdown. I would strongly advise anyone against buying today at $250 until they can try to work some of these quirks out. I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could, but it felt wrong to say 2 stars when most of my challenges are that it fails to live up to expectations."	3	March 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	This device is a good idea however it doesn’t work most times when using the “drop in” feature.  I have it at my Mom’s house to check in on her from a distance.  I use the drop-in feature because at this point the device is too complicated for her to use.  The problem with the feature is that when I end the connection on the Alexa app to the echo 10 the echo 10 does not hang up.  This prevents a new connection next time I try to drop-in.  The only solution is to get in my car and drive there to press the screen’s red “end icon”.  Once that is done I can then initiate a new “drop in” call.  This seems to be an easy fix for the programmers at Amazon.  Just have the echo 10 timeout the “drop in” call if there are no activities from the caller.  Yes, I chatted with their tech support.  About 12 of them.  Annoying as hell.  You just get passed on from one tech person to another tech etc.  with no one knowing what to do. I felt I knew more about the echo 10 then amazon’s tech support.  All 12 of them. It’s a shame.  And being an engineer I certainly know more about solving problems than all of them.  I am going to keep the device because it does save me one daily trip.  Drop in, works at lease once a day after my drive there to touch the “end” call icon.  However the product truly is not ready for prime time.  If 12 Amazon techs and me (engineer), and many hours chatting with them cannot resolve the problem. The echo 10 needs much more bug fixes.	3	August 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	"The first time I saw my sister's Echo Show 10 at her house, I was sold on getting one. I jumped all over the Prime Day sale and was soon setting up my very own Echo Show at our house.Overall, it's s fun piece of tech that gives off quite the show. You can access streaming video services, recipe videos, weather, news, and all the other fun Echo Show tech of old, but now it sits on a nifty swiveling robot head that follows you around the room.My biggest gripe is the huge missed opportunity to make Show to Show video calling easier. My sister has the same model Echo Show that we do, but after multiple days of troubleshooting, googling, watching youtube videos, and sending Help e-mails to Amazon, there doesn't seem to be any easy way to say, ""Alexa video call my sister's Echo Show"" and have a family video call. Yes it'll call peoples' phones if you connect your cell service to it, but even that was a herculean task to figure out. The whole interface is just maddingly overly complicated. Why is everything so complicated to set up and access?Also, the facial recognition for the screen to follow you around the room only half works at times. The Follow function gives up if you take a beat to not move about. Also, if there's multiple people in the room, good luck. Just close the camera shutter or watch the robot have a meltdown trying to figure out who to follow.All in all, I'm not returning it or hucking it to the trash, but it's been fairly disappointing how short the technology has fallen. I'm hoping the forthcoming updates will address some of the bugs, and make video calling easier to navigate, but at this point it seems like Amazon rushed something out that wasn't quite ready for market."	3	July 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	For all the skills that are supposedly set up for Alexa, she sure can’t do many of them consistently without having hiccups.Whether it’s due to difficulty understanding how to program or set up certain functions(skill or routine), or simply losing any preset (skill or routine) you spent an ample amount of time setting up for some unknown reason (Alexa, don’t have have a backup?) All of it almost seems more like a confusion hub than a smart hub.	3	November 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	I've had 4 Echo Dot 2nd gen, 1 Echo 1st gen, I currently use use an Echo dot 3rd gen and an Echo 4th gen, both my cars have Echo Auto devices, I set up a family members Echo Show 10 2nd gen, and I should mention this is my second Echo Show 10 (I returned the first one because it wasn't responding to voice commands and would not update the firmware)... point being I have experience with Amazon Echo devices and how they function. That is in large part why I purchased the Echo Show 10 3rd Generation. Needless to say I'm fairly disappointed and quite frequently let down by it. I think the desire to make a good product is there and that in theory the device is a good idea, a great one as a matter of fact, but the execution is, well... subpar. The device is quite laggy, voice recognition works maybe 75% of the time, it struggles multi tasking (setting a timer while playing music or telling me how much time is left on the timer while a Hulu is playing) and I'm constantly having to unplug the device to give it a break from existing so it can think about all things it tried to do but couldn't because it got overwhelmed. I would say the Echo Show 10 needs at least a 50% boost in processing power just to keep up with what feel like basic requests. I have Amazon devices in other rooms and I can't tell you how many times I'm yelling at the Echo Show 10 and an Echo in the other room will respond because the show decided not to listen, again. I've read other reviews about the camera being off to one side and how it's annoying, I share that frustration. The screen never really faces you, it's always a little off to one side because the AI is trying to center you to the camera, not to the screen. It's annoying.What it comes down to, is I think I had my expectations a little high for this device. I was hoping it would be quick and responsive, complete the (seemingly) simple tasks I ask of it while integrating into my Amazon ecosystem flawlessly. It plays music (sometimes after 2-3 requests), it follows me around the room, it will show me the weather for the week and it will play movies on Hulu as long as that's the ONLY thing I ask it to do. When the next gen comes out I'll likely jump on it and trade this thing right away, hoping they've made some adjustments to the OS and added some processing power. Don't get me wrong, I like the device and it has great sound packed into such a little package, it's just a bit of a let down. 24K+ reviews on Amazon for this device, I'm sure this will get lost in the mix but hey, at least I spoke my peace.	3	January 12, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I grabbed this out of curiosity, not need.  I had the 2nd gen 10"" show in my great room where this is now sitting, and I also have an 8 and 5"" 2nd gen Show in my bedroom and at the office, so I'm used to all of these.  My first gen Show went to my mom's.Still can't set up with a phone?  I had to manually type everything into the screen, wifi, my account, etc.  Then it went and found updates, updated itself, and then I had to REDO the same info for my account and such.  Very annoying in the age of easy confirmation on my phone for any Amazon activities.  They ought to simplify setup so all you have to do is give an email address at the most on the screen, then get a confirmation via your phone or email that you want it to run.Once that was done, you set up the rotation.  You can limit it how far you want it to move in each direction..Fortunately you can tell it to only rotate for certain activities, since I found far too often it hears something while I'm trying to ask something, and it pivots away from me.  It does a decent job of pivoting to where you are if you're talking, but I think other than video calls or video playback, I wanted to leave it stationary.  It often doesn't quite center itself back to the ""default"" location anyway, which means I don't see it well from the couch.And, of course, this setting to ONLY move during video calls or video playback, doesn't work at all.  I have that enabled, not the always option, and it still moves all over when people are talking to it for anything else like smart home commands...Video calls worked well though, and it did a good job of tracking my movement as I walked around the room.The sound is disappointing though.  One of the big hopes I had for this was the base, with NO screen in front of it, may do better sounds out the front, where you would be sitting, rather than relying on reflecting sound off walls and such with the rear facing speakers.  But nope, the sound is *NOT* at all improved.  To me, music sounds a bit worse actually, not as full sounding, not as good a low end (though the Echo Show 2nd generation wasn't by any means an audiophile's dream).  So the fact that this did not improve sound at all is a disappointment at this price point.Screen is crisp and clear though, and the camera works well.  It also has the privacy switch now for people who do NOT want the camera available even if they've disabled things like drop in.Functionally it's all you'd expect it to be for most functions.  Hopefully they tweak the location algorithms so it doesn't seem to hunt for who is speaking with the same jumps it has now.But for a first attempt of theirs at this tracking option, it's a half pass for their score.But ultimately I returned it since I was tired of it seeming to ignore my ""default"" angle, and it always ended up tilted off to a side somewhere, so we couldn't see it easily without talking to it and getting it to try to rotate back towards us constantly.  Far more annoying than useful."	2	February 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	Terrible voice recognition and/or microphones - mostly just detecting when a voice is spoken. We have tried it in several places, but it’s performance is terrible on it’s own and in spaces with other Echo devices. 30ft/9m away (and behind a wall) our Echo Studio always picks up our voices before this Show 10 does; it doesn’t matter if we are: shouting or whispering, 10cm or 3m away from it. It almost never responds to the first wake up word - our cheap Echo dots don’t have this problem. I would have returned it and gotten another Echo Studio if I had remembered to within the return window.Amazon Devices team: there has to be a firmware/software fix/improve you can do - please make it.	3	October 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Usually, when Amazon introduces a new version of an Echo, there is improvement in existing features along with new ones. NOT SO with the Echo 10 (Gen 3). It's evolution included a new design and the ""follow me."" feature. It's devolution was REMOVING the option to connect an Echo voice remote with the new 10. WHO CAME UP WITH THAT AND WHY!?!  There is an Echo remote connected with every Echo in my house, allowing each device to be silently controlled up close or from a distance. With my prior Echo 10 (which I now regret trading in), a Bluetooth connected speaker, and my trusty remote, music could be controlled and enjoyed out on the deck. Not any longer with Gen 3!If there had been any communication that the remote function had been removed, I would not have traded in my prior version Echo10. Apparently, the tech people didn't know it either, because when I called in about a problem....no remote option in Setting, the rep thought it must be a software glitch. He escalated the issue and advised there would be a response within 3 business days. That didn't happen, so I tried returning the new Echo, but the online system wouldn't allow it, forcing a call to tech support. I called Customer Service, reached a very helpful rep, who did some digging and discovered the truth....the remote feature had been removed. Because there were some other issues with the device I received(At its location on a counter under overhead spotlight bulbs, it would occasionally say it couldn't follow me because there wasn't enough light. Also, getting Alexa's attention often meant my having to shout to get her to wake up.), the very helpful rep set up an exchange for me. All this aside, it was intriguing that a customer rep was able to get an answer regarding the remote feature removal, but a tech rep was unable to do so.The replacement, so far, has not had the can't follow in the ""dark"" and the holler at Alexa issues.In trading up, I have gotten an Echo that follows me, BUT I have lost the ability to listen and control the Echo on my deck. I hope this helps potential buyers to be able a more informed decision. If you don't care about using a remote, then go for it.UPDATE: Alex seems to be getting hard of hearing. On enough occasions to be noticeable, Alexa is either slow to respond or doesn't respond at all to first or even second wake up call, even when there is no background noise. This type event is very rare on all of my other Echo devices. The added ""head"" movement is nice, but it should not be at the expense of features and Alexa response time that we have gotten used to and expect to continue enjoying.UPDATE 2:  I got a replacement for the 1st replacement, and it seemed to be OK. Now, about 2.5 months in, it is ""working"" like the first two. I regret trading in my earlier generation Echo 10. It may not have followed me, but it sure did respond to me."	3	September 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I bought this through the trade-in program.  I am sending my Echo Show 8 back to Amazon for a credit toward the cost of this one.  I thought I was upgrading, and I am, kind of.  Buckle up for this review, it's a roller coaster of emotion.The screen quality itself is great.  It's like a swiveling iPad mini with a pretty amazing speaker attached.  From there, though, the ""upgrade"" part is a misnomer.After about a year of decent connectivity, my Echo Show 8 began giving me issues with video quality while on a drop-in or video call.  I assumed that it was possible the hardware was showing its age.  The best Amazon support had to offer is to reboot every last thing in the house, perform a blood sacrifice to the WiFi Gods, and say a prayer to St. Bezos for redemption.  None of these things worked.  At first I thought it was that the feral cat I sacrificed didn't please the WiFi Gods, so I tried using my neighbor's dog.  That didn't work either.  Rebooting my router, changing the WiFi channel, dancing in my living room naked wearing nothing but a lei, nothing worked.  The video has been consistently laggy and pixellated.  In addition, the audio began giving me issues as well.  Enter new and improved Echo Show 10!Or not.I was super excited to get this, now I had something that would follow my face around the kitchen while I made futile attempts at cooking something gourmet.  I could use this to make video calls and talk to my long-distance girlfriend and not worry about tying my hands up with my pesky iPhone.  I was free to have great quality video AND have my hands free for Xbox sessions!As soon as I plugged it in I could see the screen quality was much better than the previous 8"" screen I had grown accustomed to, the touch features just felt smoother.  Then the first red flag.  It dropped wifi 3 times trying to download the initial updates.  It was 4 feet from my router.  It finally rebooted from the update and...froze on the ""Echo"" screen.  I restarted it and crossed my fingers and all 11 of my toes.  Finally it booted and I could finish setting it up.  But wait, why does this alert say it couldn't connect to the network?  How is it shuffling beautiful 1080p images curated from the Amazon photo collection?  Odd, but, it works.So I tried a quick video call to check the quality and say ""Hi"" to the girlfriend.  I waved and smiled and then dropped my hand.  Then I counted to 5 and watched my visage on the screen finally do the same.  Her reply made her look like she was dancing the robot, only I didn't hear any techno music in the background.I am running a Nighthawk router that gives all of my other devices pure, unadulterated high-speed inter webs.  I can stream 4k at 120hz to my television, I can play Xbox without lag and single digit pings.  I can download entire movies in mere minutes.  Why can't I make a video call with my Echo Show without it looking like an episode of Max Headroom?  Why does Amazon refuse to address this wide-spread issue in their support topics and instead insist that somehow everyone on the planet just has a bad internet connection?  As much as I like the convenience, I am seriously considering switching my smart home over to Google.  At least they don't hide the fact that they are using us as a data mine to accelerate their plans of galactic conquest."	2	April 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	I purchased this as a home base for our family.  I wanted to be able to sync our calendars up to it and be able to have it on display for everyone to see.  I purchased the 10 gen 3 for the use of widgets like shown in the stock photo.  Unfortunately, widgets are not supported on the echo 10 despite it being shown in the photo.  I have to wait for the screen to filter through pictures, news, etc  before it shows the calendar that appears on the screen for 30 seconds before moving on.  I believe it is a misleading advertisement.	3	October 11, 2022	1
echo show 10	"The new echo show 10 is pretty cool at first. It does exactly what it says it does. There are things it does well, and a few things that are in my opinion, unforgivable flaws.Pros:- A physical camera shutter that blocks the lens for privacy- Motion swivel allows you to glance at more information from anywhere in the room (weather, security cam etc.)- Allows custom photos for the background- Electronic mic disconnect for privacy- Can turn to face you when asking questions (what's the weather?)Cons- White power cord with black device? This is just bad design/no attention to detail.- The camera shutter/blocker on the black device is white, making it look like a cheap sticker on the black bezel.- Glitchy UI... most aspects of the user interface is responsive, except it takes multiple taps to go back a page.- For those who are planning to use this as a smart photo frame, this is implemented poorly. There are no settings for how long to display each photo. No custom captions for each photo.- Regardless of what you set the background to (nature photos, travel photos, custom photos), it rotates through photos but every other photo it rotates through, you are greeted with a page ""Alexa for Your Days"". The page is just full of ""things to try to ask Alexa"". This page is entirely unnecessary, obtrusive, and impossible to disable within the settings.- The motion swivel feature works by tracking a person with the front facing camera. However, the camera is offset to the right side of the display...so relative to the camera frame, you appear to be farther left than you are if you get close. This results in the display turning too far left any time you want to touch the screen. This is a very bad design overlook (attached photo shows how far left the display turns when you get close to it). The easy solution is to put the front facing camera in the direct middle, where the microphone is. If you put to camera module to the right side of the display, it will swivel relative to your position facing the camera, not the display. I have no idea why they didn’t catch this problem before release. It’s like the hardware department and software department never even talked to each other in development of this product.The last two cons are what made me take off 2 stars. Most of this device is really well thought out, except for two very annoying and obnoxious flaws that should have been thought of when this product went under testing by developers. Similarly to almost all Amazon devices, unnecessary information is thrust upon you in its user interface in the worst way possible.Echo dot/speakers - If you ask Alexa a question, she'll sometimes follow up with unwanted suggestions on things to try asking it. No way to disable this.Fire TV - Permanent Ads in the user interface/home that break up all your App rows. The ads are obnoxiously inserted in between all your applications, clutters the home menu and slows down the device as it tries to load 1 billion ads as you scroll. Again, no way to disable this... or even pay to remove ads.Echo Show series - Every Echo show product has a variation of ""Things to try"" permanently plastered on its homepage. In the previous generation Echo Show 10, it was a tiny line on the bottom of your photos that was not removable. In this new generation Echo Show 10, it has now become an entire rotating constant page of unnecessary and unwanted advice to try Alexa skills or commands. The theme here is Amazon apparently thinks that people like unwanted information obnoxiously inserted in between personal/customized apps, Home Screen, and UI. This is bad design language and anti user-friendly. Makes everything a cluttered mess.With the ""Alexa for Your Day/Things to try"" page constantly on rotation, it makes the Echo Show 10 feel like a store display model. We get it, we bought it, no need to advertise its abilities on the home screen for all of eternity."	2	February 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	Overall, this is a very good unit. I have a lot of the different Echo units and this Echo Show has, by far, the worst mic or voice recognition out of all of them. I’m comparing this against many of the older units, too. I have to repeat commands two or three times for Alexa to understand and do what I am asking. I even have times where other rooms will pick up the command instead of this Echo Show, which I’m standing right next to. I honestly do not know if I would buy another one or just order an Echo Show 8.Outside of the poor mic complaint, the unit is very good. It follows my movement well and while not lightning fast, isn’t a complete turtle either. Find it on a good sale and I think it is worth the purchase.	3	September 18, 2022	1
echo show 10	I ended up returning this because it did not operate smoothly. It will lag on command and the swivle feature is not great. I would be sitting in front of it in it will move slighlty which was annoying. I have the 8th 2nd generation and seens to work nicley. Also better price.	3	November 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I bought the echo show 10 mostly to be able to look at my home when away. I’ve had it set up for several days now and ensure the software is up to date yet only get the error message “live view is not available…” defeats the whole reason why I bought it.	3	November 5, 2022	1
echo show 10	"UPDATED: Amazon support helped me factory reset the device. It is working better. It still struggled a bit with some of the commands around motion. For example, I'll say ""Alexa, Stop moving."" and it might slow down the video, or move before recognizing the command.I am liking the device more and more from my previous review, but I might still suggest giving Amazon some time to figure this one out.I have a number of Alexa devices (5) and have traded a few in along the way. This is by far the most disappointing one, and I suggest waiting for the next generation to come out. It is very glitchy. The problems I have had:1. It constantly does not hear us well2. It takes forever to load or react on any content from Amazon prime or a YouTube video, which can be frustrating when trying to entertain a 2 year old.3. I constantly get a message about motion not working, but it is working fine4. It seems quieter than previous devices5. Finally, when I video call my elderly parents from the device they hear what is described as ""nails on a chalkboard"". I have an Alexa, and gave 1 to them so they can see their grandchild. This is very disappointing, and I will likely need to inquire about a return or trade in if it keeps happening.Yes. I can call my parents from my other devices, but this one is conveniently placed so they can see us have dinner, or watch him play. The movement was meant so it would allow them to follow him a bit.To be fair to the device, here are some of the pros:1. The picture quality is great, and when the device DOES work to call my parents they said the image is great2. You can put this one at a different tilt, where all the other Alexa devices sit pointing up as is you are standing over them. This one is nice because I can tilt it down a bit so my son can see it3. When the movement isn't glitchy it is nice to have the follow feature4. The sound is nice, but I do need to turn it up louder than my other ones to hear it."	3	March 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	The Echo Show 10 is a fairly attractive device and with a 10.1 inch screen which by no means dominates a room. One of the key benefits of this device is its screen's ability to rotate on its base and follow you based on inputs from the microphone and camera. However, this functionality has some issues. For example, if a fan is operating close to the Echo device, it will rotate to the direction of the fan noise- and not budge regardless of human voice commands. You can tell Alexa to start or stop motion tracking.It shares the same screen resolution and processor of the Echo Show 8 Second generation and presumably the 8 would be as good during video calls as the 10- sans rotation. The Echo Show 10 has an AZ1 AI processor that is primarily used to support its motion tracking feature and also provide faster voice response. The audio on the Echo 10 can fill a large room with sound and is of reasonable quality.Voice recognition is good- however it lacks the ability to distinguish people in a household based on voice or facial recognition. Presumably at some point the Echo Show 15 will have a facial recognition feature, as it is supported by its more powerful AZ2 AI processor.It is reasonable to look at the 10's products overall quality, appearance, future update availability, etc.- not just a set of isolated features.  In this respect the Echo 10 is a mixed bag. It is well done- but not exceptional.	3	June 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	For me, this product turned out to be a disappointment. First of all, I thought I could use it in the kitchen, to make cooking videos. The fact that the screen/camera can follow me while moving from the counter to the oven, fridge or shelves for different actions made me look forward to trying this. Guess what? The longest recording possible is 60 seconds, yes! One minute and no more. So, scratch the cooking videos!At that point, the important radius of free space it requires to move in its circle became mostly a major obstacle on my countertop.  Next: I liked the feature of displaying my photos and doggie videos on the screen. That works well, but… the upload and organizing of photos is clumsy and very long! Once that’s done, which in my case, for about 2,500 pics, took until next morning, the displaying went nicely, until it started to get interrupted by Amazon advertisement every 10 minutes or so. What the!?Did I pay for this device, and therefore I own it, or did Amazon give it to me free of charge, in exchange for unlimited advertising campaigns? That’s annoying and there is no way to stop it.My other hope was that I would be able to see the titles of the classical music I mostly play. After all, on the screen in my car, I get this display when I listen to a classical radio station, and also any other, of course. Well, no! None, no information whatsoever… just the name of say, 107.3 FM. I might just as well continue with the no-screen Echo! Overall, I also found that the device’s reaction time was a little slaggish at times… it takes apparently lots of bandwidth out of my wireless network.So, what do I want? NO advertisements on my device! I paid for it, it’s mine. There are no advertisements on my other, previous Echo with no screen. I want a memory chip slot of at least 256 gigs, so that I can buy and use one for video recording, if I want to. There is room for that on the slice of the screen, and most certainly inside the screen casing for the little extra hardware!And I want this thing to be reprogrammed so that it displays the titles of music played from radio stations.I don’t think this is unreasonable for a machine of this price level. I heard from Amazon that “Google and Apple also have similar devices, and they also do not have all that”. So what? Go ahead, Amazon, be brave and take the lead! Show them what the Echo Show is made of!I’m waiting… and until I see that these are implemented, I won’t need the Echo Show. The one I just bought is on its way back to you, Amazon!If you found my terribly long review helpful and maybe entertaining, thanks for letting me know!	3	July 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have several 8 inch Echos (that I'd rate top-star) so I thought why not a 10 inch, I'd like an upgrade. I purched this 10 inch because I really wanted the follow me as I move around my office feature. First off, immediately after opening the box I noticed what I knew was a problem. The camera is way off center all the way right, very near the edge. Oh, maybe it's software position compensated, I thought, and if so it'll center my screen what I'm viewing. So, Power on! Not so! Even worse! If I'm standing within a few feet of the 10 inch Echo and I speak, the Echo is programmed to turn the far-right-off-center-canera to my face, hence making the screen so out of line with my face that I can't easily see the image. I hate it. My habit now is to grab the screen and swivel it so I'm able to look straight on at the screen... causing the Echo to complain. I'm pretty sure the techies who made the camera position decision have little-to-no real life experience. Or they simply aren't users of the finished 10 in. Echo. On second thought, probably thier 20'something management type gave'em high fives because it is really cute. My thought on the matter might be novel to one or two of somebody at Amazon so here goes... (1) on the next batch move the camera inline to its current placement left to the center of device and replace all alreafy shipped, or (2) write the tiny bit of code to keep the screen aligned with the user. BTW, who dropped the ball on camera location?	3	May 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	Bought for my stepdad who is a senior. Set up was made harder because it didn’t recognize his voice! I often found him yelling at it. Me personally I wouldn’t get one. It’s a pain in the butt! It doesn’t always recognize simple  commands and/ or your voice! Very frustrating	3	October 27, 2022	1
echo show 10	Reconocimiento de vos deficiente y posición de reposo fatal, la pantalla se queda mirando para la pared.	3	November 11, 2022	1
echo show 10	First thought what a cool gadget but quickly you will see the follow mode is a bit creepy . Plays music movies recipes etcEtc all the things my iPad does. Problem I really have is you have to yell at it for her to hear you, if music is playing forget it . Looking for a way to adjust the not so microphone .	3	October 13, 2022	1
echo show 10	My home has 75 active Alexa controlled devices With two high end routers controlling this and seven smart TVs. Smart home is a serious hobby for me.  The studio 10 was replacing my first generation show that had had heard me and my wife throughout our living room kitchen area for years. First off, when our house had movie set lighting the show 10 follows our motion. Without optimal lighting, the Show10 Acts like a drunken sailor on shore leave pointing in the wrong room and calling me my wife’s name. Classy.  The screen is great but the same old software only allows the same boring clock and endless rotation of pictures or ads. Where is the customization that allows me to arrange a useful split screen such as schedule, weather, formattable clock, current news headlines, grocery list? At the same time I had purchased a set of studio echoes and placed  them in my adjoining home theater. While the show 10 misses my words, since it is pointing in the wrong direction, the distant overachiever Echo Studios Will answer, as though to cover for their mentally challenged sibling, the show 10. And then the touchscreen, if you touch it to get the smart screen our options, the screen will half the time say that it has bumped into something and try to move away.  My home was lucky and received the invitation only very first echoes a year before they came to market. During that time Amazon listened to us and  made the changes that made it work in real-world.  I will not send the Show 10 back hoping you are listening and make that software changes that are needed.  And by the way, the Echo Studios Hit the mark for voice recognition sound quality and ease of integration.	3	March 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	The product is amazing. If you’re into tech or just need an extra screen by the kitchen counter it does the job but the Alexa integration is so SLOW for a product at this price tag. I had to reset to factory defaults twice since I bought it 3 months ago. Showing the Ring camera and controlling your smart home is just way too slow to be useful, most of the times I just open the app on my phone to make it quicker. Bummer that you can’t select the color of RGB smart lights! A lot of room for SOFTWARE improvement. The touchscreen is beautiful and responsive but everything else (and I’m talking about Alexa features like video calls) takes way too long and it’s unresponsive. Maybe a future update will fix it.	3	September 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	I had really high hopes for this Echo Show.  I traded in my Echo 8 that I really liked because I wanted more robust sound and features while I'm in the living room/kitchen area.  While I agree that the sound is better, I'm pretty disappointed in how slow the response and functionality is compared to my Show 8.  I'll call out for Alexa in the room and the other units in other rooms detect my voice and the Show 10 will respond a few seconds later or sometimes no response at all. I don't like the motion following me so that's disabled so it's mostly for the audio at this point, especially since there's no Youtube video integration with Alexa devices.  I still use it, but for the price I paid and getting rid of the Echo 8 has made me lose favor with the Show 10.	3	August 20, 2022	1
echo show 10	It’s ok. Nothing entirely spectacular about it. I feel like it never hears me and I end up repeating what I say a lot along with yelling loudly for it to hear me. The turning trick is just silly too.I would save your money honestly.	3	October 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	My home is a total Alexa ecosystem. I’ve owned nearly every Alexa device since they were first introduced. Generally, each generation is a significant technology upgrade, but in this device, I’ve found that voice recognition has degraded.By that, I mean that the device simply ignores its wake word, forcing you to repeat the command a second (or third, or fourth) time. It’s hard to know if the device ignoring the wake word is the result of it not being able to figure out where you are so it can look at you, or simply not hearing you. I’ve been standing directly in front of it, and seen that at times the blue recognition bar lights up, but it doesn’t respond, and other times the bar doesn’t even appear, so I tend to believe it’s just an issue with voice recognition.It’s also gotten a lot more finicky with Wi-Fi connections, especially with the Hue hub. Generally, the device responds immediately when I tell it to adjust the lighting, but on a number of occasions it’ll tell me the hub isn’t responding, or it’s offline, when I can see clearly it is indeed online. And despite that, the device usually carry’s  out the light adjustment command even before it finishes telling me it cannot.For the most part, though, it works well; I like that it follows me around during a video call so I’m always in the picture. I can tell it to follow me or stop following me. The video and sound quality is very good. Understand, though, that the device requires enough light in order to see you well enough to follow you: it cannot so so in a very dimly lit or darkened room.It also has an occasional hiccup playing music (I subscribe to Amazon Prime Music). I recently asked it to “Play Fly by Sugar Ray”, and it played a song with a similar title by a different artist. I repeated the request twice more, and it responded each time with a different song and artist. I finally got it to play the correct song by specifying both the artist and album, but Geez, annoying AF. I tried the initial request on my Echo Show 2nd Gen, (“Play Fly by Sugar Ray”) and it responded correctly the first time.So, yeah; I pretty much like everything about the Echo Show 3rd generation EXCEPT voice recognition. That aspect of the device, in my opinion, has clearly suffered a significant degradation.	3	November 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Editing in mid-December 2021 for further details, six months later: I really wanted to like the Echo Show 10 smart display with motion, but I finally gave up and went back to the earlier gen Echo Show 10 (Gen 2) I owned for one important reason: The newer Echo Show simply could not hear me properly. Over and over and over, I would ask it to turn on the lights in my office using a routine, and it would insist on trying to present me with various Skills it had identified or just play some random piece of music. The older Echo Show? Never got my commands wrong. Never mis-heard me. At first, I thought it was because I like having a floor fan running during hotter months, but here we are in the winter, no fan, and I still could not just the newer Echo to hear me right. ""Echo, turn on evening lights."" ""Hmm... here are some skills I've identified..."" ""No! Turn on evening lights!"" ""Hmm... here are some skills I've identified..."" ""TURN ON EVENING LIGHTS!"" ""Here's 'Friday Night Lights,' on Amazon Prime video.""Anyway, I hope they fix this, because other than as a display, this newer model is useless.Previous review: Like many, many reviewers here, my top #1 complaint about the new Echo Show 10 w/Motion is the fact we cannot disable ""Alexa For Your Day"" and even setting a background image not to rotate doesn't stop the home screen from shifting and changing constantly.I keep my Echo device on my home office work desk, and what in Gen 2 was a nice, always there display has become an irritating corner-of-my-eye distraction.Yes, the screen is very nice. Yes, the sound is quite good (although Gen 2 sound was also pretty decent). I like the motion feature—it's really quite neat. I like that they've put a physical camera shutter control on this new model. I like that the onscreen clock seems most of the time now to default to a larger clock in the lower left corner of the display.But I absolutely loathe the Alexa For Your Day feature. It does not tell me anything I don't already know about Echo devices or Alexa's capabilities. If I'd known there not only was no way to turn it off, but that months later, nothing will have been done about it, I probably would've stuck with my Gen 2 Echo Show 10...and frankly, might go ahead and swap it back, at least on my desk. (Unless a software update is going to ruin that, too?) Maybe put this new one somewhere where it isn't a constant irritating distraction, unless or until Amazon decided to listen to us and let us disable the feature or limit it severely to how often it's allowed to show."	3	April 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	The sound quality is good and operates just as you would expect from an echo speaker. The screen was expected to be more like a fire tablet and it is not. The OS is very much locked down. I can browse for my favorite recipe sites or download apps. It is limited to the offered widgets.	3	October 10, 2022	1
echo show 10	This Alexa is okay, but it’s nothing to rave about. The screen is okay, but it doesn’t really need to follow you 3/4’s of the way around the room. I don’t use the screen as much as I thought I would.	3	October 18, 2022	1
echo show 10	Likes:1) The following/rotation is nice when you're watching or looking at something on the screen and you need to move around the room. (Ours is in a kitchen/breakfast area and it moves with you as you go back & forth.)2) Being able to use it as a camera when you're not home to check on things. (See dislikes because this has 2 sides.)3) Seeing photos from the past from our Amazon Photos account.4) Integrated calendar5) Music shows lyrics6) Weather shows on the screen in between photos7) Controlling smart home devices like lights.8) Lists & Reminders9) Good sound. (I'm not an audiophile, just an average guy who likes to listen to music and watch shows so for me it's fine.)There are other things we like as well but you get the idea.Dislikes:1) Alexa is just not that great yet. I can't tell you how many times she says 'I don't know that.' and she can't answer the simplest things from the web.  It would be better with Google Search instead. This is true for any Alexa enabled device.  She does simple things very well but web based stuff doesn't work. (The Alexa app is also very slow on any phone I've ever used it on.)2) (More of an annoyance) It can't follow you in low light as the screen doesn't have it's own light source or infrared.3) The security camera (see 2 under the likes) doesn't have infrared so unless there's a light on it's useless at night which is probably the time you really want to be able to see things in your home when you're not there.4) The 'Video Home' is limited.  Right now it's just Prime Video, Netflix, Hulu, tubi, Food Network Kitchen. You can go to YouTube but it opens on Amazon's Silk. Firefox also stopped support so only Silk is available for web browsing. I'm missing services I like such as Disney+, Pluto TV, HBO Max, etc. I'd like to be able to get all of these because then I'd use this device to replace the FireStick/TV combo in my kitchen and cut down on devices in that area. (Or, Amazon could have included an HDMI port to attach a FireStick!)So, with all of that said I don't regret the purchase.  I traded in a 1st gen Echo that I had in the kitchen to upgrade to this and there is a lot to like.  It's just not totally where I'd like it to be yet. Alexa needs to get a LOT smarter still and there need to be all of the video options I'd get using a simple FireStick.	3	May 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	"""Alexa play Pete the Cat"" - ""Ok playing Spongebob Squarepants"" - ""Alexa Play Pete the Cat"" ""Ok playing Gangsta's Paradise by Coolio""This is the Echo Show 10. I hoped it would be a massive upgrade over the Echo Show 8 1st Gen and it's not really. Same screen resolution, sluggish UI and very suspect voice recognition that plagues this device. I know what a great Alexa device is with good audio recognition. Fire TV Cube is one such device, with a massive microphone array that's excellent, with good CPU performance. Another is the recent gen Echo and Echo dots with the newer CPUs.Supposedly this device has a faster CPU, but I couldn't tell. It is definitely capable of a quick response time, but it's simply too erratic. Much like Amazon's past screen based Echo devices honestly.We're also many years removed from Google pulling Youtube from Echo devices, and it's yet to return. My patience is over at this point, and if Amazon can't work out a deal with Google, I have to move on. My kids use Youtube for everything, and I use it for plenty of things. We also sometimes have Youtube TV for watching live shows.It's likely adios to Amazon. It was a decent decade with Alexa, but i'm off to Nest to see if the grass is greener."	2	November 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I have been waiting for the release of this device for since Amazon started advertising it over the summer. I had an echo show 8 in my living room. I was drawn to the fact that I could use it remotely to view the rooms in my house. So I ordered it adding it to my 5 other devices. I moved the echo show 8 to basement and put this new echo show in living room. I placed it in a location where it would swivel and be able to veiw the living room, dining room and kitchen.Remote viewing: When remote viewing it defaults to a smaller image in the portrait mode of the app. You have to click an icon in corner to get it do landscape and show a larger image. You then swipe to move the screen/cam around to view areas. The problem is you have to swipe, not continuous drag. So it only moves about 30 degrees at a time and goes all blurry when it moves. You cannot just pan in a continuous motion with a clear vision of the surrounding areas. Also your options for angling the screen are straight forward slightly upward or upwards. No way to point it a little lower. The worst part is while remote viewing there is a message displayed on the screen that states something similar to "" a member of your family is remote viewing"" with a stop button to turn it off. So if a burglar is in your house while you are away and you are trying to use remote viewing to see what is happening (major selling feature of device) the burglar can just push the stop button on the screen and turn off your remote viewing. Also I have 1000 mbps internet (not a lot of bandwith being used) and it takes a good 20 seconds for the image to load when remote viewing with this echo show.Motion: I have it set up to follow me all the time through all activities. With the location I am walking around it in multiple directions from multiple distances. It only picks you up and follows you on random occasions. During set up you determine the range of motion and idle position for camera. The problem is once it stops following you or you stop remote viewing it does not return to the idle position, it just stays where it last was. I have not found a button or command to get it to return to the home or idle position. This if probably one of the most annoying issues, it just stopping facing random directions.Sound: the sound is pretty decent, the same as it would be with an echo. Better than the previous models of echo show with the smaller speakers. I am satisfied with the sound.Screen: the screen has a nice image. But it constantly transitions between background scenes (you get to choose limited options), advertisements, weather, etc.  But when it transitions, it goes dark for about 1-2 seconds. Definitely seems like a slower transition than my other echo shows leaving more blank screen time.Cord: yes it comes with a white cord which is lame, probably to save cost on production. honestly I am not that annoyed with that compared to other issues.Overall I have been anxiously anticipating purchasing this for months since they started advertising it over the summer. It is my sixth echo device, so I am an amazon loyal customer and fan of devices. My main purpose of purchasing this (since I already had to show 8 devices) was to be able to remote view and keep an eye on my house when gone. With the glitchy issues stated above I am more that disappointed and considering returning it."	2	April 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	Tried for several days to connect to the phone app but the Alexas 10(3 gen) does not wan to be discovered. So I'm going to reset the Alexa 10 and if that does not work I may have to restart the Phone App.	3	October 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	I chose this device for my 4 year old ASD grandson’s room for several reasons. It is big and heavy, reducing the chance that he will try to carry it around. He loves music. He does not yet use words to communicate but will say words with a song. He is good with scrolling devices and can find his music that way. The screen moves and follows his movement around the room. I feel a little bad about not giving a higher score for Alexa integration because it does everything any other Alexa device does. Because of our special needs, I wish there was a better manual control option for those who are nonverbal.	3	August 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	Camera is off-center so the camera follow, which is a main feature, is always not actually facing you since the software also does not compensate for the offset camera. This could totally be fixed through an update, but they have yet to act on this. Echo devices occasionally activate in other rooms and then the echo device in the room I’m in ignores me. It would be great if you could adjust sensitivity of certain devices like you can with Google Nest speakers. Wish there was an actual AppStore for the echo devices with a display so you can use any recipe app, but you are limited to the very few available that have specific Echo skills available for them. Overall an OK device. The speaker sounds great, but lacking in other areas like screen follow and app options.	3	August 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	Me gusta mucho el producto , lo que el cable de la alimentación debería ser negro igual al producto, es muy fabuloso el echo , a mi mamá le gusta , puede ver videos musicales , hacer llamadas , es impresionante 💯	3	October 2, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I guess I was hoping for more functionality and another operation.I like how it's integrated with my Ring cameras and the ""follow-me"" feature is kind of neat, when it works. Mostly it points a little off from where I'm standing if it has enough light to follow me at all.I was hoping to use it with my Paprika app to see recipes while I cook however, you can really only use skills that are offered my the Alexa App, and those are not the best in my opinion.Additionally, i thought I'd be able to see weather radar.  But I haven't found a skill that would do that.  You CAN open the Silk browser to access websites, like NOAA, or whatever, but it's slow and doesn't always load.I think I'll just go backto using my Samsung tablet on a stand for what I need to do."	3	July 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	To hard to set up & use. Right now the only thing I use that the small unit does not do is pictures	3	October 19, 2022	1
echo show 10	My current echo show device is placed on a corner table between the sofa and recliner. I really liked the idea of display facing the person asking the question. However it fails to rotate unless you keep room lights on 24/7 (Low light warning). Doesn't rotate if the camera privacy window is closed. Gets confused about who asked the question if TV is on. Also places requested items in a small window example show Ring Front door bell and then asking to show a different device. So you have to reach over and close or maximize window. If I wanted to touch a display I can do that on my phone. This didn't happen on earlier models. Returning the item	3	August 9, 2022	1
echo show 10	Still in the “bugs” stage. One great bonus I’d like to report is that Amazon tech assistance program is EXCELLENT.  Informed & responsive, not to forget to mention , empathetic!Now down to review of Alexas skills!‘Motion was erratic’ & did not sync with my locations.  Even a factory reset with tech did not fix. Finally just turned that skill off! Too maddening to have to continue to instruct Alexa to follow me, as the screen wandered around its orbit, seemingly at will. Commands to Alexa were followed erroneously. Grrrrhh!Another skill needing tweaking was in the movie watching. Movies came with ads. After  the break for an ad, the movie would not resume, although a blurb said ‘movie will resume after the ad’. Yep another call to tech. They said ‘Now it should be fixed’. No idea what ‘solution’ they intended to employ. Having already gotten the erroneous info from ‘motion tech’ that the motion prob was fixed, when in fact it was not, I requested the ‘ad, resume movie’ tech to stay in the line while I did a check run. Twice! No fix. So, you guessed it, no ability to watch a movie from start to finish. I spent hours trying to fast forward the movie past the ad, then came another pesky ad. And another case of ‘no movie resume’. Hmmmm. I finally quit trying to watch movies.Last identified bug so far was dear Alexa, if I asked for the weather, she would say. “Hmmm, I don’t know that”. If I asked for a certain track She had just played, she would say “I don’t know that.  Here’s a selection you might enjoy.”. More times than I care to report, she was lost in space!Oh yes. Then there was the the surprise that the ‘relaxation sounds’  tracks ran for about 45 Sec. They would not loop! Alexa kindly offered to let me have a free trial of a PAID SERVICE REQUIRED to get a 10 hour loop!What is free? What skills operate as required & requested?When volume was high, I had to yell to Alexa to get her to hear me. My Alexa on my Bose Soundbar system has enough sensitive microphones built in that she can hear you and responds to commands at very high volume. Spoiled by a skill that works!I’m weary of reporting bugs. I actually speak to Alexa in an unfriendly tone, cause I am crazy enough to think she can do better if she’d just focus.  Lol!In fact  what I bought Alexa for, does not function to a degree that it’s useable. I have only 30 days to return it. I don’t WANT to return it, but it’s a long way from having bugs fixed! I’m not sure an update WILL fix these serious bugs. At least not in 30 days.I have read many a reviewer’s  lament (not about Alexa or Echo Show 10 3rd Gen) that they are now stuck with unsatisfactorily working techie toys they knew had bugs. I think I won’t join that crowd.Get crankin Amazon! Give us a long return window on newly offered bells& whistles, to HELP YOU fix the issues they have. I’m doing the work of isolating bugs & reporting them to your technical department! Cut me some slack!Thanks! I have great faith in Amazon products. I intellectually know they bugs fixes are coming, but I emotionally do not want to ‘hang in there’ for an unknown period of time. I think I’ll take this up with the technical department., which I repeat is EXCELLENT! !	2	March 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa seems to not listen to me at times I have to repeat several times for her to follow my demands.	3	October 18, 2022	1
echo show 10	When asking a question,you have to say Alexa,! pause for a few seconds and then ask question ,I also have a levono and it’s ask  a  question anda will get a quick response	3	October 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	Paid up for this version hoping it would listen to me call her name compared to my Show 8 2nd. She doesn’t listen to anything. She’s 3 ft away from me. I have to yell for it to do things. Speakers are decent. I’d say not even close to worth full price. Also when you have an alarm set, in between or leading up the screen lights up the whole room 15 minutes before the alarm. Absolutely the most annoying feature. Doesn’t understand adaptive brightness either. She also doesn’t seem to comprehend what music you want to listen to, instead she pulls one word from what you said and plays whatever song exists with that phrase. 2/10 on this one. Fix the software.	3	August 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I've owned a few of these through the generations of them, starting with the first Echo Show.  The concept was great, I could do cool quirky things no one would think to do and in general I've been an amazon fan boy so Ive owned a bit of the tech.I've owned the Echo Show 10 for about a year now so I'll start with the pros.It has a nice screen, you can watch TV from it which is cool so it acts like a mini TV for me and my primary use for the screen has always been a nice digital photo display (amazon photos) with the forecast and weather alerts.  The first few generations of the show line of products did those very well.  Sound was great and when they made it to where you could sync your devices for a music party it was awesome.This device has good sound to it and the video is nice for two way viewing.The motion on it is a little wonky in my opinion and I've kept it off most of the time.  It usually goes to far for the motion in either direction and is a pain sometimes to get it to center back.  Easy fix because I personally dont need it to follow me so I turned the motion off and just stuck it in a particular direction.  Its voice detection is ok at best.  Sometimes it does well, others not so much.Now for the cons (which is why I am writing this review).Just about every month amazon adds a new feature to these devices and by default turns it on.  I walk by one day and its giving me some display about how my day can go.  Cant turn that feature off, but most others I have to go in and find out to turn it off.  Walk by another month, its giving me suggesting recipes.  Walk by a month later, its telling me things I should by.  Walk by another month, its telling me people in my area have covid.  What is absolutely annoying is I have to go in and turn each of these off every month and when they include it they turn it on by default.I want something simple - to display my photos, display the forecast and my calendar and for voice control of smart devices.  That is it.  With all of these features I find less photos are more junk.What is about to set me over the edge for these devices completely are the ads.  Now these devices show me ads for movies - of which from what I have read (and I cant find it myself) you cannot turn off.  Some might say - its just a few ads get over it.  But I see them every few minutes - and here's the problem:  I pay for the service (amazon prime and all that jazz) and I paid 250 for the device.  Why would I be seeing ads??? Pay for the service and the device and they still give ads.  That and to me its in my house - thats already an area that is supposed to be sacred where we allow what comes in and out of our house.  We give up a lot letting these things in as it is.  I didnt pay 250 and for prime for a device to show me ads.Amazon needs to change their model quick or a number of people are going to dump these.  Im already thinking of going back to the echo dots.  Having a screen at this point isnt worth it if I cant control whats on it.	1	January 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	Aún sigo probándolo y puedo decir que no me gusta que no es capa de conectarse con fire tv .eso para mi es un punto en contra ya que lo tengo puesto en mi sala y el enterito lo tenía conectado con mi tv para reproducir y ahora ya no puedo Pk este no se puede conectar con Fire tv ,haci  Que he perdido mi parlante ya no seré capas de escuchar mi tv a través  de el ,estoy era muy importante .el resto la instalación fue rápida y fácil .volveré si algo cambia para bien o para mal ,a dejarles otra reseña	3	August 8, 2022	1
echo show 10	This is for the Echo 10.The ability for Alexa to retrieve answers from the Internet is fantastic, a true assistant. However, the product is bugged by numerous issues.The rotation is whacky to put it bluntly. Sometimes it turns to face us other times it never moves (we are sitting at the same spot every time and nothing is blocking it from turning). I have to get up and turn it myself which then it will turn OK for a while. Sometimes (again sitting in the same spot we always do) it will turn 180 degrees away from us and give the answer. Once again, we have to get up and turn it manually to correct it. I have run the motion calibration numerous times and it never fixes it. Sometimes during certain skills (e.g. song quiz) it starts turning left and right back and forth repeatedly like it is confused. This is when there are only 2 people playing and we are once again sitting in the same spot we always do and not moving around at all.HUGE issue is that when you play music from the Echo 10 at about half volume or even less, you cannot speak to Alexa anymore. She will not trigger anymore or recognize our voice. The music seems to drown it out. Even when raising your voice. I have to cup my hands around my mouth, lean in toward Alexa and holler her name to make her hear me.On the positive the sound quality is FANTASTIC with amazing bass and quality.Integration with home devices, skills, add ons, etc. is VERY easy and straight forward.I wish I could use the app to control the Alexa device itself instead of the app acting like a standalone Alexa. This would help the music issue if I could just say to my phone Alexa next song and then have the Echo skip the song (or raise/lower volume, etc.)While it does have a lot of negatives, this is still a fantastic device with great features and powerful tool to be a home assistant and automate your home or just be the brains in the house to answer your questions. It does need another round of testing/tweaking to be perfect, but still serviceable.	3	June 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	I replaced my Echo Show 8 for this. Not happy…. you have to raise your voice and/or repeat yourself for it to understand you. I actually had to change the name from “Alexa” to one of the other names because all the units in the house would respond before the 10” would.  Half the time it doesn’t understand what I’m saying, it’s nerve racking.  Unfortunately, my return window has passed. The speaker’s good for music and the screen is nice. That’s the positive side…..	3	August 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	Not bad as an alexa but the problem comes in when you try to multitask with this. For instance if you're watching Netflix and you ask it to turn off the lights it stops Netflix and you have to restart up Netflix to continue your movie.  Also if you have reminders set it overrides what you're currently doing such as watching a movie Etc. Sometimes you ask it to stop doing a task such as stop playing movie and it does not It still needs bugs worked out	3	August 20, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Pretty much a useless overpriced piece of junk. What's the point of installing a tablet on an echo device if it doesn't do anything a touchscreen device from even 15 years ago could. Pretty lame. It has almost zero app support or usability. Even if you manage to get it to go to Amazon Prime or Netflix you can't properly navigate through it.How are they going to pretend you can use Netflix, Amazon Prime or other streaming services simply by talking to it but not being able to actually visually navigate through it in a reasonable manner?I use YouTube music, the only way to use it on the echo Show is to use it through the internet and it is so slow, laggy and glitchy it's not even worth using, it truly is that bad. Even if you use Amazon music you can't click on an album and see all the tracks it's virtually useless how am I going to look through my music by talking to it? There's no reason it can't allow you to navigate through your music by using the touch screen, it's absolutely terrible.This would be the equivalent of only being able to speak to your tablet then your tablet giving you very limited information based on what you asked, the whole point of the echo show is that you're supposed to also have touch screen and interface usability beyond just speaking to it.In Amazon's defense the only thing I can say is they did call it the Echo Show.There's no excuse it can't support any app or function as a tablet except they have gone completely out of their engineering it not to. You installed a tablet on the device, it should work as one but it doesn't so I see no point in its existence. I don't need a display to kind of show me what I asked with the least information given.Even the most mundane of tasks asking it the weather the best you get is the temperature as it shows the temperature on screen with zero other information or even something to click on to give you more, nothing. What do I need that for??I could look at my thermometer outside my window for that. What an absolute joke.It's just a $250 display that sits on my counter now. Great, thanks Amazon for manufacturing a useless device!!Another huge thing is for the amount of space there is for a speaker in the device it has subpar sound at best.I have speakers half the size of this that sound better with fuller sound and dynamic range.Seriously, this device was excessively ""dumbed down"".I wish I could send it back still and get my money back.Don't waste yours."	1	August 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I was prepared to love the Echo Show 10.  I have a lot of pictures and was thinking of getting a digital picture frame, and when I saw the Echo Show 10 was on sale for $199, I decided that all the other things it did made it worth a little more money.  I saw reviews where people complained about ""Alexa for your day"", but I thought the other advantages of the Echo Show 10 would outweigh the annoyance.I loaded about 1000 pictures to Amazon Photos, and quickly noticed that a small subset kept cycling through on the Home Screen.  I counted the number of screens before they recycled, and it is about 35 (including the ""Alexa for your day"" screen).  Periodically, new pictures were included in the rotation, but by and large it was the same few.Telling Alexa to ""Show Photos"" was better, but her response is ""Showing some of your photos"".  I still saw some photos frequently, and have never seen others.  I don't want some, I want all.  Even though there are still a lot of photos that cycle through more quickly than they should its more tolerable.I have called customer service three times and although everyone UI talked to is very nice I have not been able to find someone who can help me.  They tell me they will elevate it, but I have not heard a peep from them.  There is an option in the settings to curate your photos, but I have it turned off.  I suspected that there was a bug in the software, but since Alexa has been telling me that she will show some of my photos I am beginning to wonder if it is intentional.  If it is, just let me know.I really like the other features, the picture quality is great; being able to watch Amazon Prime Video and Netflix is great; and listening to my Amazon Prime music is great.  However, I have to make a decision within the next week about keeping it.  I didn't think it would be coming to this.  As a digital picture frame, the Echo Show 10 rates two stars, but I gave it a three star rating because of the other features."	3	May 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I finally upgraded from the original echo show. I like the better audio and screen, but the biggest shortcoming is that the voice recognition is not very good. I constantly have to repeat my requests or Alexa completely mishears me.	3	September 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	I like it because it has a much bigger screen. Although it constantly freezes and crashes. The screen doesn’t respond when typing most of the time. I have to repeat myself multiple times before Alexa does what I ask her to do. Unlike my echo show 5. I also dislike how it constantly asks to verify my account.	3	August 31, 2022	1
echo show 10	I have the echo show 8 gen 2 and love it but wanted something bigger I was very disappointed in the echo 10  I had problems with the voice response over and over and the motion sensor I returned mine	3	September 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	"The 3rd generation Echo Show 10 is worse at picking up voice commands, has worse audio, but the screen can be completely vertical which helps for video calling. Overall, I'm not happy upgrading from the 2nd gen to the 3rd gen.This version of the echo show 10 is objectively worse than the 2nd generation Echo Show 10 at picking up voice commands. This manifests itself in either doing nothing, hanging (taking 15 seconds or so for the blue ""listening"" stripe to disappear, where you can't interrupt it), or asking to repeat your command. It was so bad, I finally decided to return it, but realized I'm outside of the return window. Hence, this review instead.The sounds quality is also worse than the 2nd generation Echo Show 10. Specifically, voices in audio are just harder to hear from a few yards away compared to the 2nd generation. It feels like the audible spectrum gets distorted quite easily, even at lower volumes. Turning the volume up just gets cluttered and noisy.I bought this device for the sake of making video calling easier. The fact that the screen can be tilted and get completely vertical is great, as the last generation pointed upwards about about 10 degrees. When making calls with our kid, we'd have to prop up the back end of the 2nd gen Echo Show, and this devices solves that problem. It does this very well.I was going to gift my 2nd generation Echo Show 10 to someone, but I think I'm switching back to that and giving this one away. I'm pretty disappointed with this Echo."	2	August 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	I love Amazon products, I've always wanted an Echo show especially this one because of the camera. The quality however, is absolutely terrible. I regret this purchase so much. I had a Google Home previously, but it could not connect to my Ring camera so i ordered this device. Ring connects, but everything else just sucks. No Live Tv unless you have Hulu Live, we have YoutubeTV and that connects on Google Home, delay in the camera, LOTS of lagging, you HAVE to be specific when you want her to play something. Do you have a Prime Video subscription? Get ready to say specific season and episode number to her, otherwise she plays something completely random or doesn't play anything at all. I miss my Google Home product, sure it doesn't connect to ring, but the quality is SO much better and this is coming from someone who has an Alexa product in every single room. My Google Home was a gift and that was the only reason i had it. If i could return this i would, but my return period has ended. I was trying to give it the benefit of the doubt and attempt to enjoy it, but man i just have a $200 regret sitting on my counter. I hate this device so so much.	2	September 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	For years I did not have any Alexa devices, then I received a couple Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Gens for free while ordering some other equipment for my office. The usefulness of Alexa as a virtual assistant was immediately apparent and I was impressed with my Echo Dot's responsiveness and sound given its small formfactor. So after getting used to how Alexa works and it's features, I saw these being advertised. I expected it to be far better Alexa device compared to Echo Dot 3rd Gen. I guess my expectations were a little too high.First of all, it is less responsive than my Echo Dots. I often find myself having to repeat myself two or three times before it understands me. I almost never have to repeat myself with my Echo Dots.Second, it is almost as if I have to be looking directly at it for it hear what I am saying. I understand that I should be somewhat directing my voice in its general direction, but again I am used to my Echo Dot 3rd Gens hearing me whether I am looking directly at them or turned completely around. It may be the way the microphones are configured in these new devices that inhibits it's ability to distinguish my voice on the other side of the room.Also, the Hulu app is not set up for profiles.I'll be another one to mention that the cord doesn't make sense. It is really short. And a white cord with a black device just aesthetically looks stupid.We put ours in the Kitchen and it is really great for Watching a show while cooking or cleaning. However, I am in no hurry to upgrade my other Alexa devices with this supposedly next generation version.Bottom line, I feel as the Echo Dot 3rd Gens are better devices. Sure these have some cool features and the integration of some streaming services (although some the main ones are missing), but it is less responsive, not as user friendly, and in my opinion the sound quality is little subpar. This is another case where instead of making the best next gen device, Amazon went for a quick release of a half-baked product, which I am sure they will fix over time with updates. Until then, this only deserves a 3-Star for now.	3	May 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Short version:It's a minimal viable product that's trying to do too many things, most of which it does not do well and are of no value to Echo users. The few things you want it to do e.g. pictures and display the music you are playing through a Sonos device, it does a very mediocre job at best.Long version:I've been excited about the Echo Show 10 since Amazon announced it last Fall. I grew concerned that they delayed launch until after Christmas, making me think they didn't have the kinks worked out. Overall, it's a nice looking device from Amazon, but far from earth-shattering. It's beyond annoying how basic it is. Let's face it, it's a more focused UI on a Fire tablet, glued to an Echo. I feel a lot of people giving reviews here have very low expectations and/or never saw other comparable devices before.Pros:- The screen is nice... it's the first thing you notice- The security camera function is a plus- Seems sturdyCons:- Amazon forces you to view an ""Alexa for Your Day"" screen (not being able to turn this off is enough for me to not buy another Echo Show 10... It is beyond ridiculous that Amazon would force their loyal customers to have this bloatware on their devices). All I wanted this device for is to show me the weather and photos of my family!!! That's it!- The main thing people likely buy the device for (display photos) Amazon relies heavily on the user for how they look. In other words, you have to crop them to horizontal view or else Amazon throws up a funky looking buffer on both sides. Probably more annoying is that it feels like the pictures are random. It's the same order (my experience linking to an album with over 550 pictures). And, the pictures are random on how long they stay on the screen. I'd like to think Amazon can put together a better photo software program for Shows than whatever this is. Most of us use them to see pictures of our family, and easily share with our parents (our kids' grandparents). Hence, why it would be great to have better control of the device for showing said pictures.- The Show 10 doesn't display what's playing for music when it's playing through my Sonos device/other speakers.- The screen goes dark whenever the room goes dark and from what I can tell there's not way to change that. It would be nice to have the Show 10 show pictures when I watch TV or a movie, which 80% of the time is at night when the room is dark (for effect). If it's in a dim room the device goes dark after awhile if it's quiet. Again, no way to change that from what I can tell.I'm really hoping for a Software Update soon that gives users more control. It's so disheartening to see the same tired ""Alexa for Your Day"" suggestions come up constantly like I'm in Groundhog's Day. Again, I just want this to feature photos of my family, the weather, and communicate to my elderly parents who want the same. Overtime I could see myself adding News and Stocks. I would also love to have my security cameras part of the Show 10's rotation."	2	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	She’s gets confused sometimes, tries to show more than one thing at a time. She also gets tired & will just shutdown on me. I may have to send this unit back for repairs or replacement.	3	September 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	Initially the unit functioned quite well, however after a week, it’s been pretty glitchy. Not understanding certain commands that worked before, not responding to commands at all or sometimes the drop in feature doesn’t function.I’m not one to complain too much but once you feel the full functionality of something only for it to slow down in performance or not operate as it use to, it gets a little frustrating.	3	August 18, 2022	1
echo show 10	Update: They allowed you to stop all the annoying advertisements and recommendations on the screen. Additionally, they are slowly improving the tracking feature. I have already noticed more then 50% of the time it is properly tracking me.Like many others I was very excited to receive this echo show 10The main features we bought it for were to expand our home audio setup, the security camera and the rotating screen.Indoor camera:The first major flaw I noticed was when using the echo show 10 as an indoor camera. I’m short, only 5’10” and like most people a comfortable viewing angle of the echo show 10 would have the screen tilted upwards. Well, the camera can not be remotely tilted up or down. So if you want to use the echo show 10 as an indoor camera you have to remember to angle the screen down manually every single time you leave in order to have a good picture of your home. Otherwise all you see is midway up the wall and ceiling of your home.  This basically renders the show useless for home monitoring, especially if you want to see your four legged friends.The motion tracking: This is off, they have the camera offset and the algorithm to detect and track where you are acts as if the camera is centered. Therefore instead of centering the camera on you it has the screen offset slightly to the left. Amazon could easily fix this with an update.The audio:The audio is excellent, not as good as the studio, but better then the echo.The user interface:The UI is attractive but not intuitive. There are annoying prompts and tag lines from Alexa that I could do without. In addition the menus appear to be laid out in no particular order. We also use Google homes, and their interface is substantially more user friendly and intuitive. I hope amazon takes not and makes the appropriate changes to make their displays more user friendly. I went through and said to not show certain topics multiple times and it still pushed the same topics to the display.Although the audio is great, we ended up returning both echo show 10s because the other features were not what we were expecting.	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	The display is phenomenal, however, problematic for it to recognize when being spoken to, initial command and follow-ups. I have several amazon devices and 2 echo shows.  This is only an issue on both echo shows.	3	September 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	I love the moving feature however it isn’t as reliable as my echo dot. It often misses commands or just glitches out causing a variety of things. It looks great just isn’t really functional.	3	September 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	I frequently have to repeat commands multiple times because this device does not respond to them. The previous generations worked better.	3	September 26, 2022	1
echo show 10	Voice recognition is completely shot with the echo show, it can barely understand me when I'm less the a few feet from it, let alone across the room. This is a huge downgrade from the dot which could hear and understand me even from another room. Literally half the time the skills error out and crash and the only fix is to tell alexa to go home and try again or simply unplug it and restart. The only upside to the show is the quality of the screen and pictures.... If I wanted to watch TV on it versus my actual TV. News and flash briefings are text only, the only video you'll be watching are Netflix and the like. Same goes for pictures, the photo frame ability is great, if I want to download all of my pictures from Google and re-upload them to Amazon, then have Amazon back up any future pictures from my phone...then only if you have a prime account for the unlimited storage. There is no other way to get you pictures from Google or Apple on it. Overall, it's really not worth the cost except as a novelty item, stick with the dot if you really want it, or better, get Google hub instead	3	February 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	Good screen and better voice recognition than other echo show devices. Motion following is a gimmick that doesn't work well and doesn't turn off when the motion off option is selected. Overall, far too much money for a slightly better echo show. Sorry I missed the return window.	3	August 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	I like it when it responds the way its supposed to. Most of the time it doesn't understand or doesn't respond or just stops working randomly. Most of the time I have to stop what I'm doing, walk over, and speak slowly and directly at it while I'm close and right in front of it to work. Otherwise it gets confused and just like doesn't do anything but sits there.It's processing is super slow. Sometimes it responds to a request immediately. Most times it sits for a minute (long enough you want to repeat yourself) before it even registers that it has been spoken to. If you repeat yourself it takes 3x longer for it to do whatever you asked it to do. It's kind of pretty annoying.	3	July 9, 2022	1
echo show 10	I wish the device was wireless. Right now I have to choose a place where there's an electrical plug. Secondly, when I ask Alexa to turn she won't. It's a task always for this. I was very impressed when I was setting up and the way it rotated to left and right. But now when I see the screen is facing to the wall, I ask her to turn around and she won't listen. Every time I ask Alexa for anything, even what's the news, I get this message on the screen (shown in the attached screenshot).	3	July 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	Even though I have several Echo devices from the dot to the previous versions of show and have been happy with them (despite some occasionally disappointing days when she didn't seem to understand anything I was saying).  I was excited to get this yesterday, because it addressed one thing that has been missing with the show, the moving screen. I don't always sit or stand in the same spot when I was asking questions or making calls, so to see the answer on the show, I would run around to the correct side of the screen.  So I opened it right away when I got home from work, it setup easy as the devices always do with even with the addition of the movement pattern test.  But then I started to use it and it didn't move.  I had just had it moving for the test, so I knew it should work and I kept moving around the room...nothing as far as moving the screen goes (the audio responses were always fine.)  One time when I was testing it from almost directly in front of it, a little message came up that said movement was impaired because it was too dark (something to that effect).  Granted it was dark outside but I had a large screen TV on so it was as light as I usually have it, so I turned on a lamp....no movement....two lamps....no movement and the message came up.  Finally turned on the overhead light, in addition to the 2 lamps and the light from the tv...it finally moved.  Turned off one of the lamps...no movement.  This morning with the sun streaming in the sunroom where I have it positioned, movement works just fine.  So apparently to work right, the room has to be lit up like a movie set...which is not a reasonable situation at all times.  Desperately hoping this gets fixed with a firmware solution soon...if it can be fixed that way.  Otherwise, it isn't worth the extra money and I will remain, very disappointed in this Alexa.	3	February 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have multiple Alexa echo’s upstairs in bedrooms & bathroom but the music did not reach downstairs. I purchased Echo Show for downstairs to cover living room kitchen & dining room speaker is loud, screen motion  works great! My wish is that it had a usb port to charge other devices & that I could be able to move Echo Show motion screen to look around room when on Alexa app on my phone. Sometimes I have to repeat myself to Alexa but I feel that’s with all voice recognition devices.	3	July 26, 2022	1
echo show 10	I love the features…Follow feature is great.Recipes for cooking integration is perfect.The screen lags when touching. Works best with “Alexa” commands.Sometimes it gets stuck on apps/skills.Have to jump through hoops to get it to turn off music sometimes.Mostly I love it…	3	August 20, 2022	1
echo show 10	This has a much weaker microphone array than the Dots or other Echo products. Doesn’t always hear you well, and you need to be extra crisp to ensure accuracy.Speaker quality is excellent. Nice, balanced, room-filling. Good equalizer settings.Touch screen response is pretty good, not an iPad, but rarely wholly frustrating. Not super fast though.Infuriating follow on questions from Alexa, enough to almost push me away from the ecosystem. I don’t remember it being this bad in the past few years, and the control settings have been reduced as well. Needs a concise mode. I don’t think I’ve ever been happy or helped by unprompted info/questions from Alexa.Home Screen customization is pretty weak too. Loves pushing Amazon stuff on you, but this can be changed. Have a rotating home screen of photos, with a small weather card.Top use case is with Spotify, and it doesn’t really run a Spotify app, more than stream from another source. You pretty much will only control the music from phone/computer.  Can’t speak to other music services.Haven’t used the rotation function all that much either, but I’m not a big video chatter. It does track well, if a little abruptly.Overall, it’s an excellent solo home speaker with solid Alexa functions. Nicely positioned in the kitchen; we have ours on the bar that connects the kitchen to the dining area. Far from perfect, but overall worth buying at discount.	3	November 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	This is basically a Kindle Fire on a swivel mount.  It works it functions just like other Echo devices.  The main reason I chose this model is so I could use the smart camera feature when I have to travel for work.Unfortunately that is the one function that never worked.If they get that to work I would think about changing my review.Edit:  I will up this review by one star. Amazon never fixed the issue but I guess they kinda tried.It was amazing how quickly I received a call from Amazon Tech Support about my issue. Within minutes.  Support had me go through and reset the device and all of the usual stuff they do.  Nothing worked.  I was told I would get a call back and never heard from them.	3	June 9, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I'm still on the fence with maybe a bit of buyers remorse right now. I had the original Echo Show. Bought it when it first came out. Pre-ordered actually. Later I got one for each of my elderly parents (80/88). We use them for easy video calls and they excel for that with elderly people. I'm a techie and an early adopter. Two things I don't like about this Echo Show 10 so far are, 1. Low light results in no movement. Normally we have a couple lights on and the 55"" TV in the living room plus several Luminare candles. Its not can't see clearly across the room dark, but it's not lit up like the middle of a retail store bright either. Who sits in their living room at night lit up like that anyway? This is disappointing, as how can this be used as security, or to check on your house, if it needs that much light? That tells me it can only be used for security/home check in the daytime, which is disappointing.  2. It doesn't handle photos seemlessly like my Google Home Hub does. If it's a phone photo, it throws it in the center and puts a blurred stripe on either side or top and bottom. My Google puts more than 1 on the screen to fill it if needed. It uses the whole screen, not a strip of it. Google hub photos are seemless no matter what you took them on. This is only seemless for 35mm photos. Phone photos are small and look odd on the screen. Altho I shoot a lot in 35 when I travel, most use phones as their primary camera these days. If they can make ads and junk show full screen, they should be able to make photos too. My Echo Show is black. My Google Home Hub is white and on my kitchen counter. Take a look at the photos and see for yourself. Both show photos taken on a phone. Big difference on presentation. I might be swapping the new Echo Show back to the kitchen, if I don't return it."	3	March 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really like almost everything about the new show, with one glaring exception, the offset camera. Since the camera is offset to the upper right side of the screen instead of the center, when it tries to track you in calls or watching shows, the camera centers on you instead of the screen. That means the screen is always swiveled and pointing slightly left of where you are actually standing. It is similar to the previous shows in that way, but the previous versions were stationary so you could center yourself to the screen if you wanted to. Now with the tracking feature, you literally can't center yourself in the camera and on the screen in calls unless you turn off the tracking feature. I have looked through all the settings to try and see if there is a way to change that orientation, but so far I have not found anything. Hopefully, Amazon can address that in an update. How this could have made it out of production without addressing that issue is baffling to me. moving the camera to where the microphone is in the center would have solved this so easily. I'll try it for a few more days, but I think it might be just too annoying unless tracking is turned off, in which case this is being returned since that was the main reason I purchased it.	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really love eco show 10 but i do not like that it picks up all my familys voice not only mine.	3	September 5, 2022	1
echo show 10	"This device has a nice screen and good sound.  My main problem is that it's def compared to all of the other devices I have.  Constantly have to raise my voice or shout at it to get it to hear.  The 8"" show I replaced with this had no problem hearing in the same location.  I'm not the only one complaining about this either.  I was hoping a software update might increase the gain but nothing yet.  I'd even buy a separate Bluetooth mic if that was an option, which it sadly is not."	3	July 10, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I like to wait to write a review as most things seem great ""out of the box"" but it is with constant use where I really learn how good a product is. This product WAS great and I use the ""drop in"" feature to talk to my parents in their assisted living location. However, they have now done some sort of system upgrade and my picture on my screen is sideways. I cannot change it unless I buy a 3d party app. This was not the case when I bought it. It now is really bad.So, great idea, worked well at the beginning but now is almost useless. Unless they fix the software, if you are using this for communication, you should pass on it. Not good. Too much money to have a simple problem like this that they refuse to fix."	2	October 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	Early on we became an Alexa family.  We have about 6 throughout the house, and it has become our family intercom system (as well as the obvious other uses).  Having gone through a few earlier Echo Shows, I was excited to have this Echo Show 10 in the kitchen!  I was especially excited to have it follow me as I cook.So... first off... it sounds great, and the normal menu functions are there and working just fine.  I've noticed it doesn't seem to 'hear' as well as our other Alexa's (this is the first one that we feel we need to repeat ourselves and or say something slower).  But there are a few things in Gen1 here that you'll want to be aware of:1) It needs extra counter space - the swinging screen is a great idea, just remember that putting that glass on the counter next to it is like standing next to a door that swings open and you're in the way.  There will need to be a movement zone on your counter.2) It kinda looks at you -- the follow function isn't half bad.  It works.  I just wish it looked at me DIRECTLY.  It always seems to lock onto me a consistent 20 degrees off.  Makes me feel like it has a droopy eye or something ;-)3) If you pick it up and move it (say to clean your counter), the slightest turn will mean you'll need to recalibrate how much it swings back and forth.  The most innocent move on the counter can end up having your screen bump into the walls or not looking where it needs to.I feel like some of these real world issues will eventually be resolved.  Just know - they aren't yet! I give it a total of 3.5 stars	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I bought 4 of these for my family so we could video call each other.  They do not come with instructions so that is a big frustration. None of us feel the product is worth the money and the we expected more.  I would say this is the dumbest of all our Alexa devides (and I have 5 echo dots and 1 Echo show).  Perhaps it's video aspect of the echo show that slows it down -- but she has difficulty matching the prowess of the echo dot. The screen is great and the ability to have the Echo Show display uploaded pictures is fabulous.  So many good memories scroll by.  That said, it's wretched at filming us during video calls.  It moves in weird ways and does not capture us well. We often move to sit in front of it -- and that defeats the purpose of the Echo Show which is supposed to follow us as we speak.  It does follow but it generally zooms out so we're very small in the video call. We cannot figure out how to get the Echo Show to zoom in on us -- and responds saying she cannot zoom when we ask her to do it.  That said, we watch the Echo show zoom in and out on us as it tries to figure out how to best film us -- so it ""can"" zoom in and out.  This goes back to the lack of documentation on what the Echo Show can do. All 4 families have agreed it is not worth the money but returning all 4 would be difficult because they're spread out across the continental US.  So... while I've decided to not return them, yesterday my daughter called me via Google Duo on her smart phone -- and we used an iPad.  That's sad and unfortunate.  My hope is that Amazon updates the Echo Show's software and we get a better product as a result.  Until then, I cannot wholeheartedly recommend the Echo Show 10 as something someone should buy.  Also, my wife is frustrated that the Echo Show does not have a battery that allows it to be somewhere without an AC adapter. Without a battery, it cannot be moved without having to reboot -- so it's not something you can just move around.Lastly, Amazon allowed us to pre-buy the Echo Show and gave us a $100 discount if I bought a second one.  It would not give me a discount however, if I bought 4 -- so I had to have my wife buy 2 and I bought 2.  Why make me do that Amazon?  Just give me $100 of for every two I buy -- whether it's 2, 4, 6, or 8.Money and Echo Show 10 issues aside, I really love the Alexa product and wish Alexa went with me everywhere."	2	March 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is a great product “idea”, and when I mean idea it’s just because they had a good idea but poorly designed the hardware to attend to the most basic functions.The screen follows you, yeah that’s interesting except when you realize that it most of times is pointing to the wrong direction.The processor speed is comparable to a very old table where you swipe to see the main menu and have to wait 2 to 5 seconds to see it. Is using YouTube or any other video players it get worsts.The voice recognition is like any other Echo, works if you say loud and clear following the sentence rules.The best on the equipment is its speaker, nice sound for a small kitchen and has some good bass.Please Amazon, improve this processing power, it’s too frustrating to purchase a brand new equipment that behaves like an old one.	3	May 18, 2022	1
echo show 10	No support to zoom meetings	3	September 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	Have to say the same thing over for it to understand	3	September 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	My wife and I got this to add to our other echo products. We thought this would be great because of all the features it is advertised to have. Well for one, it took forever just to set up because it kept freezing during set up. Once it was set up we were all good, other than the fact you can't have multiple users accounts connected. Obviously my wide and I have seperate Amazon accounts that we have linked and how we've done it since being married. With that being said, I am the main account holder, if my wife wants to drop in, view the camera, or really use any feature from the show 10 she can't unless she is logged into my account. Well that kind of deletes the purpose.  Either way it's irritating when you buy something so expensive that is advertised as being able to have your whole family control but that's not actually the case. I have contacted Amazon, they said there is nothing they can do as of now.	3	March 20, 2022	1
echo show 10	It’s been a great device for my kitchen, however, the following comes and goes and unfortunately it doesn’t always respond to your request via voice command	3	August 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	"My overall complaint is about the feature that I, and probably many others, purchased the Echo show 10 for in the first place: Tracking.Extremely poorly implemented! I have wyze cameras (pan tilt) that function (seek/tracking) that outperform the show at fractions of the cost.Tracking is slow, and inaccurate. Always centered on the camera, and not the screen to the viewer. This is a problem, as the camera is not centered on the screen and it's placement is on the far right corner.This creates a viewing angle that is uncomfortable (and could have been avoided programmatically or by design). Tilting your head results in further movement to ""correct"" so that the viewing angle is almost always ""off"" by several degrees. This leads to another problem with tracking: head vs face tracking. Turning your head signals a position changes needlessly. Ones head facing does not necessary corelate to ones eyes (viewing). Important distinction. So also is the odd viewing angle. The viewing angle could be resolved by calculating position relative to the center of the screen and not the camera. Tracking the eyes would also help with the very often present ""back and forth"" tracking while you are mostly stationary and trying to view the screen. The result now, is that the screen is ""shaking it's head at you"" while you are trying to view what is on the screen.These issue are by design, and could be fixed with a software update I wager. Honestly, this should have been noticed in testing and quality control. Feels very much BETA (as so often Alexa devices are presented for sale to the public).Speakers and screen size and quality are perfectly fine. I enjoy these features. Resolution could be better, but acceptable for reading recipes and so forth.  Sound is fine for ""kitchen"" listening as well. No major complaints there."	3	May 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	I found myself barely using the equipment. For the price I paid, I want to use the equipment and not have it just sit on the counter. I returned because the Echo Show just didn’t fit my lifestyle right now.	3	August 11, 2022	1
echo show 10	Nice features, works well with my Ring Pro doorbell cam and love the live view camera, but quite buggy. Live view camera keeps having problem. Had to deregister, reset to factory settings and reboot many times.	3	August 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	"** 1/22/22 update **After I wrote my original review, got a call from a CS rep wanting to know more details. She came back a week later saying Amazon knows that it is a defect, and the next software release will have the fix. It in fact did get fixed - the photos don't stop after one round any more.. That said,  increased star rating to 3, given homepage still has intermittent ""helpful nudges"" from Alexa. Umm no, I will set it up if I needed that help. Unless you provide the device for free, don't force this stuff on customers.Excellent hardware (sound quality/depth, screen resolution, camera quality). Like the form factor as well. Overall features are good, except the goofy and gimmicky motion sensor. However, what makes this an “absolute do not buy” for me is the ad-delivery only trash software. A main use case for me for this product was to use it (by default) as a digital photo frame (which the product detail page clearly states as a supported feature). However, it just does not work. I am not a tech novice and have tried all the options and trouble-shooting. The capability is there, but it just does not execute. The photos stop playing randomly, and lately they don’t show as wallpaper items at all (even though you select it in system preferences). What works really well are the useless Alexa and Prime Video ads. Hey Amazon, don’t make people pay $250 for an ad-machine."	3	September 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	I will not return this we will keep to see if we can get used to the new ways it works!  I definitely do not like what they did with having to use the app to type in reminders & type in voice message to get it to actually say at the time you put & you have to type way too much when it was so easy to just tell her without all the problems, now I have to do the same to the 8” one!  Please change it back to the way it used to be with all voice recognition!  Otherwise it is pretty cool.  I will let you know the results later.	3	June 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	We are an Alexa household having started with the earliest devices to this one.This one is really big, it doesn't fit in a niche, it can't be hid, it is very present.Unboxing it was just plain scary, the screen is attached to the barrel of the device and that barrel rotates, freely, very freely so you are trying to unbox it and it is flopping around, rotating around the axis of the device.Once you have it unboxed, you have to plug in the power adapter which plugs into the bottom of this freely rotating hunk of electronics with that screen that you don't want to break..............very stressful.Once you get through the setup, where it displays the very wide arc of motion it is capable of, you realize you have this really big device that needs a lot of room to accommodate its footprint and the arc through which it will move. If it bumps ANYTHING, it complains and demands that you clear the space.Whenever you use it, like setting a timer, then it will follow you as you move in the room. I have it in the kitchen and when there is a recipe on it, I'll appreciate the movement more because as I move around the kitchen, it will be easy to double check the recipe.I don't know, we have used Echo devices since their inception. They started as one 'hub' and lots of pucks around the house. Then the pucks started to have screens and then the pucks devolved into spheres and it has led to this device the largest, by far, of the Echo devices.It does work but the size of it has to be accommodated and that makes it a bulky addition to the Echo family, so far my overall reaction is 'meh'.	3	March 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	For how much you have to spend you’d expect it’s main function of listening to your voice when you speak to it to work better than older/previous models. I have been thinking about up grading or switching to google but bc I have several smart plugs and devices that connect to the echos I decided that the new version has to perform better. I was wrong. If you have any background noise it still struggles to pick your voice up. My brother and his wife use the google assistant and their device performs much better it seems like with background noise and you can turn on/off multiple things at once while this one you have to wait for the prompt to do a second device. Picture quality is excellent so I’m not going to completely bash the product. I like that it has Hulu Netflix and Amazon prime I do wish it had the ability to add other video streaming services that may not be their fault entirely. I like the follow feature and it has made communication with my parents that live 2k miles away easier and more convenient since they have the same in their home. It doesn’t activate randomly so far like the echo and the dots did and the sound quality is surprisingly good. For $200 I expect the basic functionality part of something to work much better than its much cheaper counter parts.To sum up it is just like every other Alexa device with a good sound system and a camera/screen that follows you while you talk which you can turn off. My last complaint is and I hope someone at Amazon reads this and responds with a solution is that when you buy a black device instead of a white one the cords should match. It sticks out when you have a white cord attached to a black device.	3	April 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	It is NOT easy to set up. A week into it and we can’t call out from the device. Incoming calls must be received from the Alexa app - who needs another app on their phone/iPad?  We still haven’t been able to sink the camera with the Echo for home monitoring. We may have wasted money and need to send back.	3	July 28, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Least best microphone performance of any Echo device. Overall, being a longtime Echo Show user, I'm only moderately happy with the two Echo Show 10s I traded up to. Yes, the screen size is nice and was the main reason I upgraded in order to watch streaming content. What I am quite disappointed in is the effectiveness of the microphones. Although one of my 10s sits on my bedside table no more than 18"" from me, it very frequently fails to hear my commands! I've had to activate wake word acknowledgment just to prevent talking to myself many times. Contrast this with my Fire TV Cube across the room which hears me nearly without fail. I think the 10's microphones are located along the top edge of the screen, so I'm thinking about affixing a piece of cardboard to the back of the screen in hopes of focusing the microphones forward of the screen. I'll try to update my review with the results. Another concern is a recently implemented change where calling up linked cameras now results in a thumbnail of the image, necessitating having to touch the full-screen icon. What was previously a handless operation is no longer. BIG bummer."	3	January 10, 2022	1
echo show 10	Since installing our new Alexa Show 3rd generation, we've been disappointed with the response. The response is slower and the correct response is not as frequent.  It's been frustrating.  I do like the screen.  It is big and easier to see.	3	August 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	In my original review (see below) I complained that we couldn't get this Echo Show to work with our Ring cameras.Amazon responded to my review and said that function exists and works just fine.  Our experience was that we could not get all of the cameras to just passively be on the screen.  Maybe there is a difference for different types of cameras?  We have 3 different types of Ring cameras - the doorbell cam, an indoor cam, and 2 outdoor wired floodlight cams.  I tried for a couple hours, then my girlfriend tried for a couple hours.  We couldn't get it to do what we wanted.So I'll change my review to say that while Amazon claims this functionality exists we were unable to make it do this despite hours of trying.===============My original review:We purchased this to use with our Ring alarm system, so that we could have a monitor on the kitchen counter to see the Ring cameras.  We figured since Echo and Ring are both part of the Amazon family that they would have really nice integration.Oh so wrong we were!You can get a full-featured app for the ring alarm on an android or an apple tablet.  Weirdly there is no skill for this on Echo, and super weirdly there isn't even one on Fire Tablets.  (You have to use a backdoor to install the android app store and then you can download it).  It does do some basic things with Ring doorbell, but that's it.I had expected to be able to do other things - video conferencing (nope, not with any normal service like Zoom or Google Meet) or watch directTV (nope).I found this product only marginally more useful than an echo speaker.  While its cool that it rotates to follow you around, I was left with the question - what is this for?  It wasn't worth the money and it wasn't worth the countertop space.	1	September 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	All the problems we had with our original Echo (not a ton but big enough to be slightly annoying at times) are now incorporated into a device with a screen and it’s own additional glitches and not so user friendly. :|	3	August 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	I love this device but I wish it can distinguish between. Person and air purifier. It keeps following my purifier around which is annoying.Great idea because I need to monitor the baby room while doing house chores because with my old echo show, I had to keep adjusting the screen. With this unit, I still have to do that because of the issue mentioned above.	3	July 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	Didn’t use it much at first so it seemed fine but as I’ve been trying to use it more it seems super glitchy. When I drop in on it, has a weird pattern on my video until it comes into focus, takes a minute for it to focus and sometimes ends before it focuses. When I wake it up with “Alexa” it will have the blue line moving awhile after I’ve spoken my request like it’s taking time to register what I’m asking. When I have played sleep sounds and asked it to stop, it keeps playing it but it sounds like it’s coming from a distance. The motion catches shadows so it will turn toward the wall under my cabinet more times than not. When I video call my friend she says she can’t hear me and requests me to call her on video messenger. Great speaker but  overall not satisfied with this purchase especially for the price point and functionality.	2	September 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	I've only had it for a couple of days and I like it. But the one thing I thought it had because of the description is the ability to remotely control the camera from a phone when you Drop In. I can access and view the camera from my phone when I'm away but I cannot rotate. Not really what I would want in a security feature. If I access my camera remotely and the last position that the Echo was facing was my fridge, I cannot turn it around to see the rest of the room. THAT and the motion setting seems buggy. I turn it on to only follow me when I tell it too or when I access video and audio media, yet it follows me all the time, even when I ask it what time it is. I wanted to limit that feature so it's not following me ALL the time. I set it in the preferences but it did not take. I would give it 5 stars but those 2 things are a huge issue for me.	3	February 5, 2022	1
echo show 10	The new Echo Show is a nice upgrade from the original One Echo Show I purchased a few years ago when it first came out on Amazon.  I have integrated and rely heavily on the Echo Show and my other Echos into my smart home routines on a daily basis for even after also trying Google's smart speakers and smart screens.  I do wish Amazon and Google would grow up though and quit blocking the integration of each other's smart home products like Google Nest wifi cameras and doorbell cameras ( which I own and love to use in my smart home solutions) working on Echo Shows like they use to. Also, Amazon please support YouTube natively on Echo Show products for the love of god! Don't make us hav to use a browser on the Echo Shows via backdoor please please please! Enough is enough with all this.Finally regarding the new advertisements showing up on our Echo Shows and I he strange Amazon hint how to use screens. Please get rid of this crap! I annually pay for my Amazon subscription and I paid for all my Amazon smaller home products including my first Echo Show and my latest Echo Show 10 3rd generation, plus all my Echo Flexes, Echo Dots and Echo Auto. I don't need or deserve to hear or see advertisements in any form or fashion.Otherwise the Echo Show 10 is a great product and very inovative and I believe it will get better like my first Echo and Echo Show I bought a what four years ago now.	3	August 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I have a couple Echo devices, and was really excited to add a Show to the mix. The drop-in calling is great, full stop. I can chat remotely with my wife while she cooks dinner, and it keeps her in frame. No more staring at the ceiling and wondering where she went.That's about where ""great"" ends and the problems start stacking up. Let me be clear: I have owned this thing for 3 days and already have a list of dealbreakers. It's hard to believe I'm this disappointed so soon.1. Live view doesn't work. I was under the impression I was getting a bonus indoor security camera of sorts, but no. The Alexa app appears to connect, sound plays -- I can even MOVE THE CAMERA -- but the video feed is black. Like I said above, the video feed in the ""drop-in"" feature works... so what's the deal? People have been complaining about this issue for a YEAR now, with no resolution.2. You know what would be cool? Is if you could listen to music while following a recipe in the kitchen. Unfortunately music closes the browser, and the browser turns off the music. There's no workaround. Thanks, Amazon.3. You know what would be cooler than cool? If the recipe you were following (while not listening to music) stayed open while your hands were full of food and you were busy following said recipe. But it doesn't. The browser times out and kicks back to the home screen after 5-10 minutes (I haven't timed this yet, just cursed at it). People have also been complaining about this for a year, since release. Why would you market this as a kitchen assistant and then make it incompetent at holding a RECIPE?I really, really love the follow-cam for drop-in. But that's, like... that's it. Just typing this out feels so ridiculous -- these features you'd just assume would work are completely borked. Given that Amazon hasn't fixed them for a YEAR after release doesn't give me much faith that they ever will.At $250, I'm returning this thing and will be on the hunt for a better solution. Such a bummer."	2	February 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have Amazon prime music she will not connect up to it half the time she does not connect to the ring devices I have a Sonos sound system she will not connect to it half the time using even Amazon prime unlimited music which I do have like I said called the IT department they can’t figure it out I just wish it work with her a lot more and get her up to speed with things	3	July 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	The voice recognition is not nearly the quality of our other Show’s. Very disappointing consider the price point. We have completed all  the voice prompts twice and it still isn’t any better.	3	August 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	I was very happy to receive this device to add to my Alexa device family. I have been using Echo devices since they came out, and have built an infrastructure in my home of about 10 various devices, with this as the crown jewel in the kitchen/dining room area.The swivel feature is unnecessary and creepy, but kind of fun at times. I had purchased this for what I thought was just a much larger base speaker that doubled as supporting the larger screen, unaware it would want to spin around.The big issue I am having is Alexa understanding what I want. The algorithm seems to have peaked about a year ago. I was listening to whatever music I wanted throughout my house, setting reminders and adding items to my shopping list with ease.For the last 3-4 months, Alexa has been getting dumber and dumber. She frequently misunderstands what I am asking for. Plays the wrong songs. Adds the wrong items to lists. Completely ignores requests. Appears to be processing a request and then stops. Maybe its my Wifi...even though I have an extender network? Maybe its the number of devices I have, even though I have several muted so they only serve as speakers? I'm not sure, but Alexa is really making me annoyed, and if I didn't have about a thousand dollars worth of devices spread out throughout my home, I would give up and get rid of them.I try reporting issues when they happen, but she no longer seems to understand that as well. Yes I have already reset, regrouped and reconnected the devices. It doesn't seem to impact the quality of understanding and performance anymore.Please fix the server processing to go back to the quality it once was!	2	April 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	The unit is extremely buggy. The rotating screen does not return to center after a command if set to follow your voice.(and I did all the required configuration for it to work right)The microphone is not as sharp as the second generation. The deal breaker for me is the terrible speakers that came with this thing. I wander if Amazon ever compared this 3rd gen to the phased out 2nd generation echo show 10. The speaker quality is very bad compared to the 2nd Gen. It's so bad that an echo dot sounds even better. I wouldn't buy this item again and would advise against buying it.	2	November 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	Boasts great features, but they’re poorly executed. Mostly software flaws I’ve not observed on my numerous non-screen Echo devices. This thing even puts itself into do-not-disturb mode despite this feature (and schedule) being disabled. Just constant bugs.	3	July 30, 2022	1
echo show 10	Well for starters the setup was pretty much straight forward, as most of my relevant Amazon Account information appeared to have  been preloaded into the device. However when I went to enable the Echo Show to work as a home monitoring camera, so that we could check in or our 10 month old puppy, it would not function. After retrying the setup several times without success, I decided to reset it to “factory settings”. I then re-entered all of my account information which wasn’t hard but was time consuming. Once that was done I was able to enable the camera setting. The other problem is that for the size of it’s speaker you would think that it sounded it great, well be prepared to be disappointed as it sounds like a 1990’s bookshelf stereo. I’m sure that the sound is fine to use for a video call, or while viewing a video, which by the way doesn’t  look bad at all on it’s large screen. However if you thought that the Echo could be used as a replacement for a good home wireless High Fidelity speaker system, then think again. Other than that it works pretty much as advertised, just keep in mind that it needs a bigger “foot print” than any other Echo Device due to the size of that screen when it swivels around. Placing lighter items too close will probably result in damage to the item or the Echo. You can disable to motion feature for the screen/camera however if you intend on doing that just save your money and buy the cheaper Echo with the 10 inch screen.	3	July 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	Just got the show 10 a week ago and linked it with my ring doorbell and a camera. So far I've had to reboot the home monitoring three times as it was not functioning.  I have three other ealier echoes and this one does not seem to hear as well as the others, I practically have to yell at it to get it to respond , especially when the TV is on. I agree with another review I read that the camera should have been in middle so the device could track more accurately.  The sound and picture quality are really good,  but the camera issues overshadow some of the positive s. I am hoping to use the home monitoring when we are away to provide additional security to our home. Hopefully that feature will work when I need it.	3	April 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	It does what all others do, but with a larger screen.The “smart” motion, is useless. I have it enabled, yet anytime I wake it up says it’s temporarily unavailable. I’ve reset the device as it says multiple times, no change.Also, while on my other shows it will show who’s calling as I have it connected to my cell phone, this one will not. I can make calls, but won’t display or show incoming calls.Personally sorry, I got this one and should have just stuck with my Echo Show 5. Where without the additional features working is basically the same with a 10” screen (minus seeing who’s calling me).	3	June 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	Excited to try the new device, the setup was virtually automatic.  Many features and endless possibilities, as with the previous models.  I have an old 1st edition and it does sound more deeper and spacial that the 3rd version.  I have 3 Show v2, couple studio, 2 sub and 2 echo sets.  When playing multi room music, it would stop and loud static would broadcast for about 30 seconds then continue playing multiroom.  I discovered that the 3rd version was causing the static interference when in follow mode and it rotates.  I took off follow mode and changed it to follow only on request.  Haven't had the trouble since.  It used to happen several times daily while music played.  I have Gb internet so bandwidth is not the problem even in a separate vpn.I'm disappointed with the sound quality as it sounds tinny with very little bass for depth even after adjusting EQ curve.  Ver 1 just sounds better.  Because of the two major issues with sound and sacrificing nice features, I cannot recommend.  If this is your first device it may not be a big deal but compared to ver 1, 2 and 3, this would be the least value for sound especially when it constantly injects 30 sec of white noise too many times daily.  It has to remain a stand alone device to use the automatic rotation feature and audio until a patch fixes the white noise in the network but the sound quality is a big let down compared to its predecessors.  It is helpful in the kitchen by itself, not part of any speaker groups.	3	March 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	The screen jerks around a lot. Remote live view sometimes works and other times says it's not available. So so purchase until all the bugs are worked out.	3	August 2, 2022	1
echo show 10	Screen is great but Alexa seems to struggle with commands. This device replaced a 5th generation and sadly the Alexa is subpar	3	August 8, 2022	1
echo show 10	The camera connection or turning it on.	3	August 30, 2022	1
echo show 10	Great audio and screen but it’s been having a poor time picking up my voice commands. Not sure how I can help this. Hopefully a future update can resolve.	3	August 4, 2022	1
echo show 10	"This Echo 10 started having speaker issues within a few months of being bought. As it was intermittent, I sort of hoped it would go away but instead it got worse and within 6 months of buying it, I had to return it. It was still looking brand new and I packed it in it's original box looking exactly as it did the day I got it. After a full month and no news about it, I spent over an hour on the phone before someone managed to locate it. They had not yet even looked at it, let alone fix it! I was told that in 2 days I would have something written on my Amazon page about it. Another 3 weeks went by and I called again... Another couple of hours and apparently the whole thing had been lost completely. After much deliberation I was told Amazon would send me a new unit (which I received today) but the warranty would be limited to my original purchase. Now, if the first unit started giving me trouble on the 4th month and I sent it back on the 6th month, even if there was not a two month delay, if the exact same thing happened, it would be out of warranty! I was told that this is the way it is and nothing else could be done about it. To add injury to insult, I received a brown unbranded box with an Echo 10 that looks refurbished and without even the charger! I am very upset and disappointed and will no longer recommend any Alexa product again.I must say that I have been an Amazon Echo supporter from it's very beginning and that I have several Alexa products and have gifted many others. I was very excited by this Echo Show 10: Smart, beautiful and all. Even though Alexa seems to be less and less smart and it's favorite answer nowadays is ""uhm, I am not sure about that"" or just a sound that means ""I am not even going to try that"", I am still a big supporter of innovations and understand that it comes with teething pains... however my negative experience has not been only with the device but with the terrible support Amazon is giving it's own products! (I also had a terrible experience with the Echo buds). If not for that, I only have wonderful things to say about Amazon.com in every way. I buy EVERYTHING here but when it comes to supporting it's own line of Echo products it is below terrible! I may have to start relying on Google home instead... it is a sure bet with excellent after sale service. Alexa was a lot more funny and friendly and would have had me forever but it is becoming more annoying than fun to deal with that."	1	March 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	"The rotating hardware is fun. It only makes sense if you plan to place this device on an island. The screen quality is fine. Sound quality is good. The user experience is poor. This is my first Alexa device. I am so underwhelmed by the user experience. My kids keep complaining my did I get this dumb device. They have the Google assistant in their rooms.User experience:- Poor voice recognition. If room is slightly noisy, Alexa just will hear made up things.- Alexa does not understand, guesses what the user wants and provides annoying user experience. Something simple like ""stop music"", can randomly result with some Netflix movie.- Alexa assumes shopping intent for too often and for ridiculous commands. Feels like a pushy salesman. Shopping experience is mediocre. I order dog food once. You get a few options but Alexa failed to specify two weeks shipping. Dog could not wait.- Alexa handle poorly doing two things at once. If it's playing music and I ask a general knowledge question. The UI will flash the answer for a split second. The voice answer somethings works.- Alexa has a hard time switching context. If a game is playing Alexa can't do much else.- Alexa gets stuck in an experience. It's difficult to exit it. It took awhile to learn to say ""home screen"" to exit. Sometime there is a glitch that the screen freezes, you can still see the previous experience but Alexa doesn't know about it.- Poor smart home integration (might not be Alexa's fault), for example Waze doorbell shows a rotated video.- Non-existing integration with popular services, like zoom conferencing, chat apps and photo services.What works?- Very very simple things and very specific features.- Play music usually works, though somethings ends up in Netflix.- Take photo is fun. Though can't delete photo. A real pain to find out to delete it using a computer.- Drop-in works and respects video privacy.- Used as a remote security. Very basic user experience. Could have need much better.- Remind me ____. Works well.- Alarm works, and time works as expected.- News is OK.- A few games are nice.- Routines work.- Calendar integration is nice.Overall, not recommended. I would not buy again. I wish I could return this. Alexa is an inferior experience compare to the competition."	2	November 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Price is a bit much. Definitely wait for a sale because there are ALWAYS sales and bundles for echo devices. Besides that, it works just fine for me. Setup wasn’t working for me properly, but their customer support is amazing and helped me factory reset the echo, then it worked perfectly. As a fan of Echo and Alexa compatible devices, this is awesome. I love being able to bring up camera live feeds and watching videos and such right from the screen. Plus the follow function makes you feel like you have the coolest AI device out there. Like I said, wait for a deal because it’s just a bit too expensive in my opinion, that’s why I gave it a 3 star rating. Otherwise it is a perfect addition to your home.	3	April 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	Response and interface is slow.	3	August 31, 2022	1
echo show 10	It's cool so far, but I have my other devices answering to Echo. Why doesn't this new device have that option? smh I feel like that's something basic they should have added. By now, we should've been able to make up a random wake word.	3	July 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	To start with, anyone with any sort of vision problems might want to stay away. The first thing they did was shrink all of the fonts so everything is extra tiny on this one. So what if it covers my damn pictures. It’s not meant as a photo frame. Even with photos off the text is ultra tiny and only on outer edges of the screen. Anyone who complained about text on the echo show covering their pictures need to buy an Amazon photo frame or something Second, they’ve got this annoying hyperactive adaptive brightness feature that can be a pain to turn off that if you just look away for one second, turn the brightness down all the way.Third the adaptive color. Yuck. I have used the echo show line since it came out and I’ve been very happy with it the previous models the font size has been perfect. This one however, they decided that all people are going to sit on top of it so we can shrink the font down. Amazon that isn’t the case I know at least for me I like to sit a little bit across the room from it I don’t sit on top of it which brings me to the next failure. The motorized screen is very nice and it does a nice job of following. But it is overly overly codependent on asking you if it moved correctly for you but the problem with this is? It asks You in an on screen prompt that slides in from the side that you have to walk over to the device and click on it and it’s in a very small font and it covers up what you’re trying to do very annoying. It be nice if Alexa would just ask you  she hashe had done what you wanted her to do, Like she does on other things. Nope they have this annoying slide over panel in a small font that you have to walk over to it and click to get it dismiss it off the screen how wonderful Amazon and you had how long to designe the software?. Is designing software that difficult from home? ( no, it isn’t )I can’t help but be disappointed after spending $250 on what I was sure was going to be another slam dunk excellent Amazon device when it just seems like it was half baked. Small fonts, hyperactive adaptive brightness, on-screen prompts from Alexa asking you if she had move the way you wanted her to that you have to dismiss with a finger click.Me? I don’t really care what color the damn power cord is it goes behind things anyway.	2	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Update 8/29/2022:Have had it since release and regret buying it. Very invested in Amazon ecosystem but this one isn’t good.Audio (music) cuts out regularly. The so is sitting a foot away works fine all the time.Still can’t make the display useful.Worst of all - I need to reboot it every few days for it to keep working, or it will stop responding fully to commands.Original review:I've been using Echo devices since the pre-order days of the original and have a dozen connected.  Amazon's decision to increase the amount of information that you cannot turn off is causing me to look at switching all of them out for a competitor.Before I dive deeper, understand that I've gone through every menu and disabled everything I can - if you don't do that, the device is a non stop Amazon commercial.  But even so, there's too much you can't disable for a product you had to pay to own, on top of the annual Prime membership.The Echo Show line, in particular, usually displays things I do not want.  While you can select some options, there are other settings that you simply can't turn off.  I know how to use the thing and don't need half the screen on a Show 5 wasted by telling me I can look at Recipes while in my office.The older Show devices let you control this but this new one seems to tighten quite a few things down in a way that you cannot simply have the device display a background photo and the weather/time and leave it at that.  It's not possible.  Sooner or later an ad or useless suggestion will pop up.While playing music, it always suggests other things, often blocking part of the lyrics or preventing you from seeing the Artist + Song Name.Ads for Prime Videos and other Amazon services are fine if the device was low cost or free.  But I paid $250 for something and did not even have the option (as with the Kindle) to purchase an ad-free experience.And others that are linked to ads.  Want warnings about dangerous weather?  OK but they'll also randomly (including 3am) sound a chime to tell you we have some products you might want to buy.  Can't have one without the other.As far as the latest hardware- Audio is fantastic, tremendously better than the earlier Show devices.  The screen movement is somewhat gimmicky but does work well if one person is in the room.  If there are two, it's wobbles between them and like most compromise, leaves it so nobody gets what they want.  The main issue I have with the hardware is the glare on the screen.  It's pretty hilarious to have to move your head so the glare doesn't block the screen, only to have the screen move to continue to face you... thus putting the glare back.  Amazon should use a matte screen for these, it would make a world of difference.	1	April 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Like most reviewers talk about this isn't great because it's not able to move with you in low light. I use lamps most of the time I don't like bright rooms. I have light filtering curtains so forth. This does not follow me and because the low light u can't use camera feature which is why I bought these to replace my cloud cams. Before hooking it up I even gave one of my cams away but happy I didn't get rid of them all. My wife thinks the sound quality is not that good. She like the sound better on the last version of echo show ten. I tried pairing these for surround sound and the lips were off on the tv paired with sound when connected via Bluetooth and couldn't turn it up that loud because it would sound like something was blown. I will be looking forward to a trade in for the new echo show 15 But I typically love everything Amazon. I have had echo dots echos echo shows all versions all releases. And so on.... I must say I was really excited about this one more so than any other but was disappointed .. I truly hate to say that cause I really am a fan of everything that is Alexa enabled anything echo I should say	3	September 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Cimpared to Echo Show 8, I dont see enough features on show 10 to justify the price.	3	August 12, 2022	1
echo show 10	Very low quality processing capability. Extremely frustrating when attempting to use after it has been plugged in for a few days. Constantly have to reset the device to get it to function normally.	3	July 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	UPDATE;  within an hour of my 2 star review I received a call from a very helpful customer service person. I had just gotten the camera and connection to app to work but still can not drop in from app or device and can not make calls from from device. The customer support person is supposed to call me back In 2 days since I can not test it while on my phone. I’ll bump it up to 4 stars if she calls me back and 5 if we actually get the drop in working.So far this is no better than the echo dot and I am ready to send it back. It works exactly the same as the dot and does not work for device to device communication as advertised. I could use the camera for a minute. Now it won’t work, drop ins never worked, and It won’t even do the photos for display anymore. It’s basically a dot with a useless screen to me at this point. Have reset device several times, reset router, moved device which actually started close to the router. I have uninstalled, logged out and reset my Alexa app many times as well. My network has the power to do this but the device updated and won’t work as advertised now with no way to uninstall the update. Whenever I reset the update is already on there. If you want five stars or my money fix the bugs. I plan to return it	3	June 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	A bit disappointed that my personal recipes can not currently be integrated and shown on my Echo Show 10 easily. There should be an app designed for this. This deviseskills need improvement.	3	July 26, 2022	1
echo show 10	Disappointed my Arlo camera is not compatible with this version of Echo Show. Couldn't get it to connect to doorbell. Also, the camera is never looking at me when I need it to. Couldn't get video calls to work. Expected much more from this product and feel like I wasted my money on expectations that didn't pan out. Have no use for it if it doesn't do what I need it to.	3	June 24, 2022	1
echo show 10	The new Amazon Echo 10 Show is a good design with poor execution.  The thing is constantly spinning and maybe too sensitive.  When two people are talking it doesn't know what to do so I look over to see when smoke is going to start coming out of its ears because of the stress it looks like it's under. The poor thing.The other observation is that the camera does a great job at zeroing in on me but since the camera is all the way to the right side and mounted straight on the screen (instead of at a slight angle) the display always faces a little bit to the left of me to let the camera look directly at me. I usually want to tap it to the right but doing so leads to a whole process asking me if anything was in the way that it might have bumped into. I don't want to touch it because I feel so bad for the thing.Mine is sitting on the counter next to the wall and I play ALOT of music through it. I think it sometimes picks up the music through its microphone that is bouncing off of the wall.  The poor little dear sometimes stares at the wall like I put it into timeout.  There is a setting that prevents its span from going too far around (facing the wall) but that hasn't stopped it.	3	July 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	"We have an echo dot and it has been useful for playing music, setting alarms and finding out quick information. So When I saw the echo show and watched the reviews I was thrilled to get one.All the reviews I watched were false, Echo show is worse than echo dot. Hard to believe?Lets me start with the good part,-The screen is great. Picture quality is really good.-The sound quality is really really good and loud.-The follow feature is pretty nice. I used it when making breakfast and was trying to watch a Netflix show.-And did you know you can also attend WebEx and zoom calls? Those are really good features.That's where the good stuff ends.-The follow feature is slow to react and it never faces me. The camera was always pointing at my left shoulder.-Alexa does understand simple voice commands but not anything complex. For simple commands Alexa works great, but when you ask something like ""Are blue berries safe for dogs"", she does a bing search and never really answers the question. I have to look at the screen for the search results. I could have just googled myself, which I did and google gave me the answer and I didn't have to look at the screen or the results.-Echo Show is also slow to respond and misunderstand some commands;""Alexa play newsy""; ""Playing Music from your amazon playlist""-When watching a news channel, ""Alexa Stop"" ""Alexa pause"" ""Alexa close"" ""Alexa shutdown"" don't work, I found that ""Alexa cancel"" works. I am not sure why I need to cancel the news feed, but ok.If you try something like play ABC or CNN those work immediately, maybe its a preference or I guess selective hearing? The above test was done after the news channels were added to the Alexa app and I had customized the settings.-Another thing it does, is when I am watching a video like news or Netflix, Echo show will either freeze or just stop the video and switch to the home screen.It has become so frustrating using Echo show that I just stopped using it for the past few days and use my phone to do everything else. Its is so bad that I would prefer just using a simple android tablet that costs less than half and it will do everything I need and more.For me this product is a worth the money and I am surprised many people like it."	2	June 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I've had several Alexa's before, but I thought this one's follow feature looked cool so I purchased it. I was surprised and dismayed to find that you have to leave the camera cover open all the time for this feature to work. It would have been nice if Amazon had also added the option to follow your voice (since it IS based on voice activation and technology), instead of the camera needing to see you to be able to move.I can't imagine that most people would want to keep the camera lens open all the time. What's the point of the camera lens, then? This is a majority security flaw and although the idea is good, the implementation and options of said implementation are fair at best.Also, I told it per the directions ""Alex, stop moving"" on a Monday night, and on Tuesday when I woke up, Alexa was turned around facing the back. I've since gone to Settings > Motion and toggled off the first option and hopefully, this will permanently fix the issue.If you already have an Alexa and are thinking about replacing it with this one, save your money. The only thing this does is move left to right and you have to create a security risk by keeping your camera lens open all the time in order to use this feature. I did give it a 3 because despite it's flaws, it still has the largest screen of any Alexa device to-date and still works great like an Alexa does."	3	March 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought the new Echo Show to put in a bedroom to essentially be a nursery camera and echo device in one, replacing a second generation Echo dot.  The screen on this bad boy is no joke.. it is large and impressive.  This device is also very heavy if you are like me and read the specs but it doesn’t translate to what the device will actually look like IRL:).  Now, seeing how this device isn’t touched by any hands, I have 2 huge problems with it.  First, it keeps appearing in “do not disturb” mode.  How can this be?  There’s no scheduled DND time in the Alexa app, and the room’s occupant can’t talk or reach.  Similarly, the motion in the camera is turned “off,” as per the motion icon in the upper right corner with a slash through it.  I don’t want it to “follow” anyone - I want to be able to drop in on it from other shows or the app and see the room.  Yet half the time, the device has rotated (on its own) to the screen being facing the rear against the wall.  Which brings me to another point - why is there such a wide rotating radius on this device?  How would one go about using it anywhere except on a counter or tabletop where this would be beneficial?  I’ve tried adjusting the base so that it can’t rotate to view the wall, but motion is definitely OFF and yet it keeps moving.  Similarly, back to the DND issue, this is the first and only Echo device we’ve ever had where you turn DND off in the app, only for it to turn back on when you then close the app.  Finally, this is definitely not a security camera replacement and you cannot just monitor the room without a drop-in.  I have yet to see anywhere that I could pano or scan the room, either, which is shown in the video and is misleading.  Another reviewer suggests that’s an additional service.  While I haven’t verified that aspect, I can say that there’s a camera feature in the app that won’t load the room - but drop in works just fine.  All in all, this device has loads of potential.  The sound is great.  The screen is bright.  It’s just not ready for primetime and I’d say it doesn’t work as advertised.  Major bummer!	2	April 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am still having trouble getting it set up. Directions would have been nice.	3	August 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	I won this in a raffle. None of my grown children were interested, so I kept it.  I tried it out in the kitchen thinking it might be easier to look up a recipe than on my iPad. It takes up too much space! Also. Alexa couldn't figure out what I was asking for most of the time and definitely could not take me back. I have it in the bedroom on a dresser and have used it once for an alarm clock and once asked it the temperature - both which I can do on my smart phone.  I am not sure what it offers that I can't get with my phone, iPad, or computer.	3	April 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	I have owned just about every Echo device there is. This one is not my favorite. First the PROS: Sound quality is great. I paired it with a echo sub and it sounds awesome. Screen looks good, bright clear images. It is nice to be able to use it as a security camera when away from home to check on dogs while gone. I like that you can speak through it and move the camera with a swipe of your phone. Now the CONS: It does not return to the “idle position” until 10 mins of no movement. So if you talk to it while on one side of the room and then go to the other side of the room when it isn’t following you, then it will stay pointed away from you. Until you call upon it again, then it will swing over to the sound of your voice. There needs to be a timer that you can set until it returns to the “idle position”. It doesn’t follow you if there are two or more people in the room. It will follow the person closest to the screen. The moving screen does work ok if there isn’t anyone else in the room, but since mines in the kitchen, there is always someone else it wants to follow. I like the idea of the moving screen, but it doesn’t work like it should. Debating on wether or not to return it. I’m going to test it out a little more before I make up my mind.	3	March 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s pretty cool, and it definitely does what it is supposed to do and does it well.The sound quality for music is very good! However it is clear that this device has been created primarily to constantly advertise to you and there is no way to customize what you see. Personally, I’ve seen some morally offensive advertisements that have nearly caused me to throw it in the garbage…one day I’m sure I will.	3	June 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	Love the monitor. Bought this newer model hoping that it was smarter than the other echo devices but it just never answers questions as well as Google products.	3	July 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	"UPDATE: I have had it for over 3 months Home Screen still isn't fixed screen goes black after showing a few of your photos. DO NOT BUY THIS ONE IF YOU WANT A SHOW BUY THE PREVIOUS VERSION WHERE THE HOME SCREEN WORKS! I have communicated for 3 months with support and I have given up it being fixed ever! Very disappointed from a user that has 2 older versions of show, several echo dots and other echo's which are great. Makes me afraid to buy any new Amazon products since this one has definitely disappointed!I have had the other Alexa Show's so I am familiar with the settings etc. But in the new Show the option of having your photos going to the screen continually gets interrupted by an ANNOYING Amazon screen that says at the top ""Alexa for your day"" it seems there is no way to shut this off and no one would want to continually see this. Also after showing home screen pictures for a little while the screen goes black and stays that way until you ask Alexa something. My other Amazon shows (I have two) work great with these features. Why the software functioning was changed in this unit is bizarre. They need to go back to the programming of the home screen that they successfully used in the previous show models!Also the movement of the unit is continually confused by the tv being on in the room making that feature almost useless. Also became confused when our dog barked. Surely the unit needs to refined and a human does not sound like a dog. The setting where it should only move when video calling and drop in doesn't work always moves when asking even temperature or any other simple request. Also it is supposed to go back to a home position and it never does. Have not seen any improvement in software problems.Wait until these annoying things are fixed! Great idea that needs lots of programming work get busy fixing these issues and I will edit my review!"	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	I like having the Alexa but when she moves she did knock over my favorite candle on to the floor shattering the glass.	3	July 28, 2022	1
echo show 10	All of a sudden my ring live view started popping up in a small window.  Telling the Alexa to show it in full screen doesn't do anything.  I loved how I could be just about anywhere in the living room or kitchen and could check on my porch (mostly to see if deliveries had arrived, if porch pirates were lurking, or if a stranger was at my door). Now I have to be right on top of the device to see the live view. Plus, in the small window it's hard to see, and I am not always able to press the screen to make it viewable in full screen because I have something on my hands (either because I'm cooking or cleaning or have my hands full).  This is especially frustrating because I bought this device specifically for viewing my ring cameras and now I have difficulty doing the one thing I bought it for.	3	January 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	Make sure you have someone in your household  Thats very computer savey.	3	August 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	I didn’t get my Show 10 here. I got it a Best Buy because it was there and I was too impatient to order from Amazon. HOWEVER - I’m disappointed.  It is very slow to respond to touch - like pulling up YouTube and then using the touch screen to open your library or go full screen. Slow and annoyed.  Second - the camera should be centered - because it’s always offset when following you. So annoying I just closed the lens.  My Show 8 is spectacular and a much better value for the cost. If you haven’t purchased this 10 yet, I’d say wait until they fix it better.  The one thing I really do like and the reason I wanted it was the 10” screen. But I’d be a lot happier with the design of the Echo Show 8 with a larger screen.  I’m not going to take this one back simply because I don’t want the hassle but I am disappointed with it.	3	December 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Was really excited to get the Show with motion as I do a lot in my kitchen. This unit has had terrible voice recognition compared to my other Alexas, often units in other rooms will answer because this one is repeatedly unresponsive. The motion is very jerky and often moves past the viewers position. You can set a range of motion so that it doesn't rotate too far or hit the wall, however it will constantly cover 1'4th of the screen with a notification every time the unit thinks you have moved outside its range. Whenever it does move, say when requested to start a timer, it will fall asleep facing the last direction and does not reset to the user set default position (which is supposed to be a feature). Because of these issues, I find its not very practical for the intended use. I have turned the motion off and just use it as a stationary unit. The size and the sound are pros, just wish the motion had been better implemented.	3	November 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	I purchased this echo show 10 with high hopes that it would fulfill my expectations as a current owner of 3 other echoes. I was not at all impressed nor satisfied with my echo show 10. For the amount of money I spent on this device only for me to have to request a refund on the same day it arrived I was really disappointed.  Straight out the box I tried about 15 times to get it to connect to my Wi-Fi. I did trouble shoot using Amazon’s trouble shooting instructions and still no connection. I eventually called for technical support and the representative was able to get it connected after being on with her for some time.  After placing my device where I wanted it to be the motion was way off. I couldn’t get it to track properly with my motion. After multiple long attempts of trying to get the motion to follow me and it kept telling me it bumped into something I contacted customer service for a refund. I was completely disappointed with my new device. However, customer service was very helpful and pleasant. I am completely satisfied with my experience with customer service but unfortunately I can’t say the same about the echo show 10 that I received.	2	April 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	Alexa integration is lacking. Has difficulty following commands.	3	August 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	The screen size is good. It does not follow motion without voice	3	August 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	For the high price tag I spent on this device, I’m pretty disappointed in its performance. For some reason this Alexa Show really has a much more difficult time hearing us (while we work here in the kitchen), and doesn’t even follow us very well. I also noticed the engineers who designed it got the CALIBRATION wrong - if you allow it to follow you to train the rotation  it will be slightly off center at an angle vs flat perpendicular to your body and view.  My other Echo Shows work MUCH better than this expensive one. I thought this would be an improvement in addition to being able to rotate the screen. However while the internal speakers are nice, for whatever reason this one just seems a lot less “smart”? The main thing that bugs me the most is it’s a lack of ability to hear us. It also can’t figure out which Alexa we’re talking to and it will trade off between the Alexa in the kitchen and in the family room. When I had my other echo shows in the same exact location, on top of the counter, this never occurred before I got this rotating, expensive echo. My other Echo Shows work better than this expensive one, and my husband also finds the rotation annoying. They should create a facial recognition feature that will allow Alexa users, to program in whether or not they wish to be followed. That way she does not need to follow him as he walks around the kitchen, but will follow myself or anyone else in the household that we don’t exclude that feature from within the Alexa app (again, not a feature I’ve heard of in the works, but a suggestion for consideration.).  Most importantly is to get the sound recognition dialed in and also work out the programming bugs - so you don’t have things like two different Alexis alternating their participation to answering a single question. When this happens I try to correct her or even just inquire, asking her, “why are you speaking on the wrong Echo (or Alexa)?”. She always says, “I don’t know that one.”! 😂	2	September 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Here is my first impression right from the start. The motion detection does NOT work very well even with good lighting.  It must be very bright surrounding the unit for this thing to follow me. I paid a lot of money for this one feature and even with every light on in my kitchen and den I still get the “low light detected, motion not available.” Essentially the motion detection will not work after sundown in my house. It’s upsetting when you pay a lot of money for something that doesn’t stand up to what it claims to do. Very disappointed. And a white power cord for my black Echo?? Really Amazon??  Plus, the cord is about 12” shorter than the previous Show’s. My first gen model I could run the cord along the floor to the outlet but this one is draped across my wall and the bright white stands out like a sore thumb. Poorly executed. Amazon should send black longer cords to every person that ordered a black unit.Set up took about 20 min because it made me go through the entire setup just to reach the point where it had to do mandatory updates/reboot and basically reset itself to a point where I had to literally go through the same set up process twice. Here’s an idea Amazon, why don’t you have me do the set up after the updates take place.Finally, I will say I love the bigger screen and the sound quality is far better that the my original (first generation) Show.  Not sure if these two attributes are worth keeping it for the $250 price tag.  One more thing since I pre-ordered the device as soon as it became available, I paid $250 and the option to add a Blink camera for $5 was not available at the time. So, I basically got penalized for pre-ordering this thing early and missed out on the $5 camera add-on.  Never again will I pre-order anything from Amazon.I feel this unit isn’t worth the hype and the extra cost if you already own an Echo Show.  Wait for the price drops to get one or skip this and wait for an improved motion detection system.  Amazon, you’re slipping.I will post updates in the future.Update: as of March 22, 2021. I am returned this unit. I don’t know if it was a lemon or just the way the echo show 10 is but in my opinion it is not worth $250. The other night it lost network connection for no reason and I could not get it to connect to my network. I tried resetting, restarting and even going back to factory default settings and still it would not connect to my Wi-Fi. Sorry Amazon I’m returning this and hopefully you get these bugs worked out on the next rendition. Thankfully I still have my original first generation echo show and still works like a champ.	1	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	08/24/2021 Updating Review and changing rating to 2 stars:  I’m extremely disappointed in this version of the Echo Show.  I also have the Echo Show 5 & 8.  The reason I’m so disappointed has to do with Alexa’s ability to hear me, especially when music is playing.  I literally have to shout out her name….yelling, which strains my voice and is very frustrating, in order for her to hear me.  One might think it’s because of the music, but the other echos have no problem hearing me with music playing even at very high volumes.  In any case, I will be moving this out of my main area and putting my Echo Show 8 in its place, since it is more consistent, in every way.I love the picture quality on this new Echo Show. I also love the fact that the clock has a much bigger font than my old Echo Show 8.  However, I’m not impressed with the rotation feature.  I thought that the Echo Show rotated based on the sound of your voice.  But as it turns out, you have to have the camera on as well, in order for it to rotate, which I don’t like because I’m a private person.  (The only time I would really want the camera on, is if I’m doing a video call.  Otherwise, I want my privacy, so the camera would need to be off.  And this means, I would not be able to to use this feature most of the time.)  Also when I was trying to use the rotation feature, much of the time it would start to rotate, but then, when I would get to the other side of my kitchen island, it would stop midway,  and never make the complete turn to face me.All in all, I do like it.  But again, the rotation feature, is either beyond my comprehension in getting it to work correctly.  Or it just has too many bugs as of yet, for me to be able to use it right now.  Still, I plan on keeping it because the rotation feature was not the main selling point for me. The screen size and picture quality were the reasons I wanted it.  And they are beautiful.	2	March 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Purchased for my office at work. Some reason it isn't able to pick up wifi at work. Which makes no sense	3	July 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	I love it but one thing they don't tell you is that you can not face chat with someone unless they have a Amazon Echo too. I figured well I can always go to facebook Messenger wrong you can not get on facebook or facebook Messenger on Amazon Echo. This was one of the main reasons I purchased the item so I could cook in my kitchen and talk to my Mother while doing it. I started to return it but decided to keep it because I love to play music while cooking. The speaker is great on the echo and I love the listen to podcast on here.	3	April 10, 2022	1
echo show 10	Not really an upgrade until the bugs are taken care of. Ok, the screen is better resolution than the last gen and the swiveling screen is the main reason I upgraded from the previous gen. However, there are many issues that I’m hoping are firmware fixable.My major problems with it are pretty huge.-The thing has a hard time hearing me.The idea of Alex turning to face me is great in theory, but only happens about half the time. I’d be ok with it not turning if it just responded to me, but I end up saying “Alexa!” Multiple times a lot. Again, I’m hoping it’s not a problem with the mics and it’s fixable with an update.-The Apps crash or it goes to the Home Screen for no reason.It’s great to call up a show or movie on Netflix or Prime video to watch in the kitchen where I have this, but it will constantly just stop playing while I’m in the middle of watching a show. This is unacceptable.Amazon needs to fix this pretty soon or it’s going back before I get stuck with defective hardware. Unless you get a killer deal, wait on it.If you don’t really care about watching videos and are looking to get an Echo Display for pictures and music, go for it. The speaker sounds great and the display is great for showing pics.	3	May 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	I've had this device for a year and a half and it is terrible.  I thought it would get better as time went on but unfortunately, it is just as bad as when I purchased it.  I've completely disabled the motion because not only are the warning banners annoying, but most of the time I'm in one place and the screen thinks I'm somewhere completely different.  The voice recognition on this device is abismal.  I'd much rather use my Echo Show 8 or my dot before I use this one.  I don't understand the amount of positive reviews, maybe I just received one that was defective but I'm considering switching to Google thanks to this device.	2	September 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	This one of the worst Amazon products we have ever purchased. We bought it specifically for the Nanit compatibility. It doesn’t work with that function at ALL. On top of that, it almost never listens to us. We have to say things up to 6+ times sometimes defeating the purpose of having a voice command. It’s often easier to get up and turn the lights on or off. I’ve had to unplug it before because it would not listen to turn off the music. It’s incredibly frustrating. I would recommend any other Alexa but not this one.	2	October 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is not a paid comment. So I got this from other seller, physically there is nothing wrong with it, the sound and screens are pretty impressive. The problem is the software, I got it to follow video recipes in the kitchen, voice commands are handy and now I don't have to touch the screen with dirty hand full of flower and such. The bummer is that after pausing the videos to add ingredients step by step (I'm not a chef) but I try, the video screen goes back to the home screen and I have to start all over again and find the spot I was on at the time. To me this is a deal breaker. When I put this in pause I like it to remain on pause because I'm busy doing something, instead it adds more stress because I have to stop what I'm doing to start all over again. Please correct this issue, not sure if this was taken in consideration when the software was designed. In my opinion if this issue is not corrected then as a kitchen assistant this product is not my 1st choice. I have a 10 inch table that can do everything this can do for a lot less! I would not recommend this product until this issue is fixed.	3	July 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	I own many echo devices and this one by far is the worst.  The only good thing about It is the speaker.  Now that is awesome, but the unresponsive screen is just the pits.  Not to mention when it looks at you it is pointed away slightly which means, it is not centered on you, that is irritating, and often I close the camera so it won't move.  if you are close to it, it is facing away from you, what is the point in that? The follow feature is just ok.  The video quality is decent but its ability to stay connected to my wifi is the pits. My other Echo shows work flawlessly.	2	September 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	Bought these as gifts and one for ourself.  Our excitement about this product has diminished as we have not figured out how to drop in or video call with friends which was the main purpose of purchasing the product.  We already have reminders, grocery list, music, recipes, news etc on our phones and movies on our phone, lap top and TV. Do like the feature of the revolving pictures.  It would be nice to have choices of music rather than Alexa making our choice.  Also would be nice is our Amazon music would be an option.  We were going to return it, however we did not know how to remove our information.  We are not as technical savvy as others..  Thanks for allowing us to express our opinion.	3	January 31, 2022	1
echo show 10	It’s ok	3	August 9, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I was really excited to get this my Echo Show 10 (3rd generation), but I'm not so excited anymore. It looks great and it sounds great, but it's a pain in the a**. I've had Echo Dots in every room for years and for the most part they have been issue free and the sound is excellent for such small speakers. I also have Alexa enabled smart bulbs in every room except my kitchen so you can imagine that I'm used to how these things work. I have multiple routines set up and I absolutely love it.Then comes this shiny new Echo.Now my music playback is problematic and it's affecting all of my devices, but primarily the Echo Show.The screen goes blank all the time. Sometimes the music stops for a minute or two on one or all devices or it just stops completely. If I tell Alexa that I like a song that's playing she tells me there's no music playing. None of this happened before I had the new device.If  I'm watching a Youtube video and I give it command such as turning on the AC it stops the video playback and just wont go back to Youtube. I either have to go to another room to give the command or I have to start all over again. Ugh.sometimes I have to tell it multiple times to do something. It responds with ""OK"" but does nothing, whereas my other devices don't have that problem. The other night my bathroom lights were on all night because she didn't listen and I didn't notice (I guess that's on me).Mostly it's the music playback and to daily dark screen that get's to me.And before you ask: Yes I have checked and rechecked my wifi and internet connection. My friend owns an IT company with clients on both coasts and he can't find an issue with my wifi or internet. Also I've been working from home since 2014 and I know for a fact that my connection is strong and stable.Think twice before buying this item.Sorry for the rambling rant."	2	August 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is an interesting device from Amazon and I am really hoping future software updates fix some of the issues.The good:-A nice large screen, with very good picture quality for this kind of device.-Decent speakers, with a nice bass.-When the camera tracking does work, it is a very cool and helpful feature to be able to see the screen no matter where in the room you are standing.The bad:-The microphone is absolutely the worst I have on ANY electronic device. I have an echo dot and echo show 5 in nearby rooms to this new echo show 10. I continually have to speak so loudly that the other devices answer me before this device recognizes I am speaking. Saying “Alexa” will cue the device and make it listen, but the actual command to the device is almost never heard or Arles at never acted on.-The camera tracking is sometimes overridden by where it thinks your voice is coming from. Sometimes even if it points right at you, if you say “Alexa” it will rapidly turn the complete opposite direction based on noise echos or something.-The power cable for both the black and white units is only white. Maybe not a huge problem, but color matching would have been much preferred. Especially considering color matching was already done for the echo dot and echo show 5 devices I already own.	3	March 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	Can get the Live View to work.	3	July 29, 2022	1
echo show 10	This is an upgraded version of the show 10 2nd gen. As that it works great like every other echo show. That would earn it a 5 star rating in my eyes. The changes are as follows:1. added a stand-alone woofer2. added swivel and face tracking motion3. added a Tilt function without having to buy an added stand4. added 13mp camera vs 5mp All cool things... now the bad1. the 2 main speakers got smaller2. Ships with a white power cord (I can't imagine the thought process behind this decision)3. The swivel motion is jumpy and probably will prove to be more annoying than helpful4. The price is high for what you get (buying 2 makes the price per unit more reasonable)Final thoughts. The audio is on par with the show 10 gen 2.... not improved as they may have you think. The white power cord is just puzzling. I purchased 2 so the price per unit was more palatable. The 13mp camera is an improvement on paper however in real-life use it's not impressive and in low light it's useless. The tilt function is actually a big improvement here and I am delighted with not having to buy a separate stand to get something as simple as tilt.	3	February 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	I am an early adopter of any technology relevant to my life that I can get ahold of. I would even get the Alexa ring if they made one that fit my finger (I know because I got the sizing kit and it didn't work) but this thing, as cool as it is in concept, is terrible.CONS:-Feature-wise it's the most limited Amazon device I've ever owned. For some reason it doesn't work like any fire tablet, you can't download Android apps, you can't download most apps that I can get on my fire TV or on my fire tv cube. Disney Plus? No. Discovery? No. -YouTube works through a browser, which has to be silk or Firefox, and I figured hey maybe I'll try that but no, can't stream either of those through the browser.-The operating system is buggy, says it can't connect in the right slide out menu but it will connect to any service you ask for that is installed if you do it verbally. Restarted it a few times, it updated itself, but still has the problem.- MOST IMPORTANTLY- I could literally buy a fire tablet, glue it to the screen of this thing below the camera, and get everything I wanted. And for the 120 bucks it would cost me to get a fire tablet 8 I might actually do that 🤣🤣 Pro's:-It follows you which is great, it's usually off by a few degrees, but that's livable. Very handy in the kitchen when moving around the island for cooking or eating or whatever.-The speaker is phenomenal.IN SUMMARY- I'm hoping that in 30 60 or 90 days I go back and update this review about all the new amazing features, but if you're adding features, or if it has less features then almost any other device you make, let the people buying it know. This is not your first echo show, and anyone would expect it to be at least as capable as a generic Android tablet. My family congregates in the kitchen, we FaceTime (and would use the Alexa app instead since we bought one for her) with Grandma, we would use your new scale that's linked to this thing, my wife has recipes she would put on it so that she never had to touch a screen or paper while cooking again. In short I could not imagine anybody more suited or closer to your target customer, but this isn't even as good as your normal tablet please tell us why. If it was more expensive I might even bother to return it, but now I'm just going to sit here with it in the corner hoping you give it a good update soon.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Can't use it as an alarm clock. The room must be well lit and camera has to be on for the display to turn toward you. It doesn't find you just by voice as one would expect, and then it could be used at night. Night Mode is now a gray screen with white date and time, it lights up the whole room and here is no option to change the colors. You cannot change it back to the old Night Mode which was a black screen with red font, which was fainter at night and easier on the eyes. You have to dim it down so much you can't see the display when you call it from sleep mode. You can't see your Ring Camera when it's activated if you have it dimmed, annd it doesn't ""wake up"" and brighten then screen as it should when called. They should have made an option for the screen to light up when called or not to if not wanted like the prompt sound. Also, I could not get the Ring display go away when telling it to dismiss the camera. No command worked.The alarm with music still comes on at the last volume setting instead of slowly asending like the buzzers do. And you still can't set the alarm to run selected routines unless that is the only trigger you give a particular routine. It says it has an option to run a selected routine from a list it attempts to populate, but is alway ""Unable to fetch routines, try back later.""In short, instead of improving everything that needed to be with the pervious Echo 5 version, they made no improvements and changed the good stuff.  I returned mine of course."	1	July 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	Had the 2nd gen and its always been hard to use. Expected the new version to have a faster processor and be at least little better. The 3rd gen is the same buggy laggy mess. Very disappointed but keeping it because the auto rotation sometimes works.	3	June 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	Yes it’s sleek black. And just like that fateful ship, you’re gonna feel like this has no good controls and you’re headed straight for the sun when you try to use it. Unfortunately there’s no teleport option or escape pods.This echo frequently gets stuck “On a Call” when it’s not. Often but not always because it crashes when in a dopin or call. The movement feature is cool until you realize it’s swings wildly from being too sensitive to not working at all.Basically this, along with a lot that Amazon has produced recently, are half-baked	2	September 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	Unresponsive often, almost more so than not. The motion feature is best for 5 minutes then it’s annoying it’s always moving around, most of the time aimlessly and not how it was set to move.  It’s always bumping into things or a slight bump to the table or whatever it is securely sitting on throws it’s alignment off of wack. Wait until the next model comes out. I have every model that’s been manufactured to date, this one is a 3/10, well between a 3 and a 4, so a 3.5/10 and it’s one of the most expensive. Also, it seems to get worse operationally with the more time that goes by having them in my home. There’s more but that should be enough. This was a real let down from Amazon and I purchased 2, so do the math, I should I love bought a brain 👀	3	December 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	UPDATE: Increased 1 star because got email from amazon, but by time I noticed the return period was up. At least they tried so it some on me.Normally, it is over 2 years before I have to YELL at Echos to get their attention and have them understand me. Even yelling, frequently it doesn't respond once I have gotten its attention.  Timers going off are pure hell as you have to wait for the pause between alarm sounds and yell stop.  Doesn't work, next pause yell a curse word and stop.  Repeat from 2 feet away and maybe it will stop. Quite room (kitchen).  Set to acknowledge when it hears me.  Wake word set to ziggy (because it is between Echo wake word in my bedroom and echo wake word in my office - not calling something Amazon and gf can't pronounce Alexa).  Yes, they are all at the yell at them point now!!!Wondering if updates will also make this obsolete like it did the HD 10 in my bedroom, but also sooner.I was going to give this 2 stars (1 below Average), but the yelling and cussing pisses off our neighbors. Also, like all Amazon devices, you can't stop the make it obsolete updates.  You know, tell the old HD10 to open YouTube and it takes 10 to 30 seconds before you can click on a video thumbnail.  What the hell is a devoted device doing that makes it so long and so variable (20 second difference between fastest and slowest).  BTW, ditto for the Fire TV sticks that have long delays between moving between icons or opening things.  Amazon really needs a way to support their devices working for more than a couple years by stopping updates once it will kill the device (but still allow use with former capabilities).	2	November 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I use this product to listen to music.	3	July 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	Ordered for camera tracking but found you have to yell at her to get her to track you.  Drop in tracking does not work with other Echo show devices, must use your iPad to very slowly drag across screen to get any movement at all on the unit when remote.	2	October 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	"We've tried to get  upgrades for all the echos/shows that Amazon has released and this one was no difference, replacing a previous model Echo Show we had on our island.Speakers: the sound upgrade wasn't as much as I would've expected and during some songs it's hard to tell a difference. I'd give it an A- rating if buying new, but not worth the upgrade.Screen: with the larger screen and mobility of the 10, it is unparalleled and worth every penny. My wife thinks it's a little creepy that it follows you around after speaking to it, but the settings can be fine tuned to dial down the ""follow me"" feature to make it more comfortable for everyone. I'd give it an A+ rating and definitely worth the upgrade.Functionality: The one thing that dropped this rating so far down was Alexa's responsiveness. With every other Echo, including the Dots, we've never had a problem with it hearing the wake word, even when the music is up loud. With the 10, we've found ourselves nearly on top of it, screaming, and still barely hears us. And most of the time it's not even up that loud. Very disappointed with this and hopeful that it will be resolved in future models. I'd give it a C- rating if buying new."	3	March 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	Very easy to use love the music in my kitchen when I cook	3	July 11, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Context- we have echo dots all over our house, pretty bought into the Alexa echo system. We just redid our kitchen and now have a big island between our kitchen and dining room so I thought it would be great to have the Echo Show 10 in the corner in a way it could face us if we were in the dining room side or face us on the kitchen side. It does that, it follows us around when we move between the two rooms, the picture is good and the sound is great (again just had dots before this so it's markedly better, both louder and clearer).Now here's my gripe - We haven't had Echo Shows before, so maybe this is just their M.O. but the screen software is terrible! I have to unplug it and plug it back in every couple of days or it just starts going slow and ignoring our touches, if I'm watching something on Netflix or Hulu and then utter a command like ""Alexa turn on the kitchen lights"" it takes me all the way out of Netflix/Hulu to show me the smart home dashboard and I have to start all over again (""Alexa open Hulu""...wait 30 seconds...click on the show I was watching, because Hulu doesn't respond to voice commands). Also none...like literally none of the apps are optimized for a screen and touch. This makes sense for apps that are developed primarily for voice commands, but all the video players are terrible when it comes to navigation, and other apps that have smartphone/tablet apps, are still cut out at the knees because they only want you to use voice (I'm looking at you Spotify).When I got the Show, I expected something more like a kindle fire hooked up to a speaker, but instead, I got a speaker with a rarely useful screen.Again, hardware, all works pretty well, 95% of my complaints are software so hopefully, it's something Amazon will fix down the road."	2	June 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s likely I don’t know how to best use this but I threw all my millennial knowledge at it. The voice recognition is slow to respond to the wake call and hardly ever completes the action I ask if it. Like, Alexa stop playing.I also was under the assumption that I could pull up recipes from whatever source I wanted but it won’t allow selective sites. It’s far too pricey for what it is. Especially since you can’t use the screen for what you’d really want.	3	April 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	no quality sound	3	July 20, 2022	1
echo show 10	After reading some reviews and looking into its capabilities I decided to give it a try since it was on sale for prime day.  After setting it up, which wasn't too difficult, i got into the video calls, music and what i thought would be video.  First I have to say it is smaller than I expected as far as the viewing size of the screen.  Video calls were OK and tracking was a little jumpy as you moved around. Music played well but no lyrics as on the portal. Sound was good.  I went through the built in browser Silk browser and logged into my You tube TV to watch some shows.  This is where this device performed very poorly.  It was near impossible to navigate through the menus and screens and very frustrating.  Touch response is poor.  Of course voice commands are not supported with the application on the web so it made the device useless to me.  If you are looking to stream video and use only voice commands i would go with a google device.  They are 1000% better at voice recognition and perform well with most third party apps.  Alexa is way behind with this tech.	3	July 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I recommend you not buy this unit.The movement of the screen is sketchy at best.  During setup, it seems great, since I'm literally sitting right in front of it.  But walking near it, camera image was off center constantly.  the motorized is only left and right, it doesn't go up and down so depending on the screen tilt, your always off screen.  Seems pointless to have all this mechanical tech and no PTZ. (Pan Tilt Zoom).Basic features, like other show units (the 5, 8  and 10 Gen 2) function as expected EXCEPT:this is a gen 3 and as such, they've screwed with the unit OS.  I have security cameras which stream to a high end security server. I have not had a problem displaying any camera on any Alexa in years.  Now, I can't show any camera on this unit, it just doesn't work - but only on this device.In attempts to workaround the failure, I've installed a gateway to resolve a well known SSL problem, disabled audio - but still no camera on this device - and it seems Amazon is not helping anyone - they point the finger at everything but themselves.Would I purchase this again? No.Get the 8 or 10 (hard to find) and be done with it - or better yet - use a DIY Alexa device running on a Raspberry PI and get more features than you can imagine!  Thats what I'm doing :)Update: tried to get help from Amazon - both Chat and Phone - After waiting 2 hrs on chat, no answer - 30 minutes on phone - no answer.  Sending it back.Update: during the return, I got prompted for a direct connection to a support person.  I took the stab and actually got a call back 10 minutes later.  The first level support person was a noodle in India, but I stayed patient and got to a Level 2 person who actually tried hard.  I am a technical person who does a lot with Security camera software (drivers, protocol analysis etc) and I explained I had 5 security cam Manufacturers that all failed on JUST this new Gen 3 10.1"".  We submitted a ticket to Level 3 and the next day got a response back ""Call the camera manufacturer'.  Sooo.  I guess that answers that! i've informed our developer forums that this unit is crap - and since Amazon doesn't want to work to resolve, I don't want the headache.  I'll get Gen 2 units and be done with it and I recommend you not buy this unit."	1	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Really!!! Black unit with black charger. Sore eye design.	3	July 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	Does not understand voice as well as Echo Show original version or the echo dots.Motion okay, but does not work at night with only one lamp on.  Think I may have made a mistake upgrading to latest version!	3	June 11, 2022	1
echo show 10	"So disappointing.Maybe Amazon over-hyped this but I was expecting a significant upgrade from the Echo Show 8. Sadly that was not the case.Setup: While straightforward, took a long time. I think there were two updates it immediately applied during setup because it forgot almost everything after the first one and I had to re-enter everything.The on-screen keyboard is split in two like a physical ergonomic keyboard with a huge space between the left and right halves. This might make sense if the display were removable and you were holding the screen in both hands and using thumbs to type. But on a fixed pedestal it's just clumsy.The display has a ""blend into background"" mode. It can be disabled but it's on by default. All it did was turn white text a tan or light brown color. If it was just text that would be one thing, but it also applied this to photos which turned a pretty picture into something gross.The display has huge black borders under the glass so I'm not sure how reliable the 10.1"" screen measurement is.Sound was the biggest disappointment. While the highs were a bit clearer (due to the addition of two tweeters), the midrange and bass are worse. The Echo Show 8 has a nice warm sound that is completely missing with the Echo Show 10. (This isn't a Hi-Fi system so I expect something clear, pleasant and comfortable to listen to rather than sonic fidelity.)I never could figure out how to disable the ""How to use Alexa"" screen that stayed in the home screen rotation. It's also that brown background with tan text.At this point I think the rotating display is more gimmick that useful. It's touchy and overly sensitive.And seriously, a white power cord/adapter with a charcoal unit?Maybe Version 2 of the Echo Show 10 will live up to the hype. For now, an Echo Show 8 is half the price and a far better value."	2	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Beware if you got as a gift. This device has been nothing but constant issues and when trying to get any kind of support you’re met with an insane lack of accountability. If you’re someone who was lucky enough to get one that works, I’m sure you’ll love it. For anyone else good luck, or if you got this as a gift, they won’t help you troubleshoot and won’t even help when they attach it to someone else’s account.The “Alexa for your day” is on for most of the screen time. There’s nothing you can do about it. Same with the ads they’ll have for new movies or shows. They’ll stay in the screen 10 times longer than any image or sometimes just stay all day. I have had the issue of suggestions, Covid tips and more popping up even when I have them toggled off. Then it started just being a blue screen and not even the nature pictures I had set as the Home Screen images before rotating a bunch of Amazon ads or these suggestions I had tuned off. Looking at some of the reviews I can see that others have reported the same glitches I have but have been told “the device is operating as intended” even when sending video and pictures of the device clearly not working or connecting to my account.I was sent a replacement and it’s been literally days where it won’t even turn on to be set up because the one sent to me was associated to the person who purchased the original one as a gift. I spent over 4 hours on the phone where they hung up instead of escalating and I’ve sent multiple emails that have gone without response.Save your money and your time. This is a horrible company and a horrible device and if you’re met with any issues they won’t help, they will just gaslight you and waste your time to avoid accountability and try to blame you for their glitches.	1	April 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	"While I am ok with it so far.. A few things I want to see corrected.  I love the big screen, and the ease of rotating it is nice (you can manual move it if you want). I feel the follow me and auto moving feature needs a bit or refinement.  While it might center you in the picture on the other end - the screen is not always centered for you viewing it when it follows you.  This feature needs some work in my opinion.And biggest issue is the stupid ""alexa for your day"" nonsense - I could see showing that say the first few days you have an alexa.  But I have had alexa show since gen1, and this was actually and upgrade from my gen1 model that I used pretty much every day talking to my grandkids.  I do not need to see this!!! I want to disable it - but as of yet there is no way to do that.. Just show me the news and and my photos - I don't need to see how to use alexa..Overall I am happy with it - even if the wife thinks its a bit big ;)  But I do like the upgrade in size of screen."	3	May 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I was excited to get this and have had it for about two months now. I placed it my kitchen and had to limit its motion because it is in a corner. Voice recognition is decent, picture quality needs to be better (hopefully the updated model will be HD). Night vision is decent. My family is still hesitant to let me keep the camera on at all times, so I do appreciate the fact that you can cover the camera with a built in shutter. Having the camera in the centered would be a great update for the next model. It is fun to have and of course is useful to operate all my lights and can communicate with the other Alexa enabled devices in my home. I just wish it wasn't so glitchy. Whenever it plays my music, it just stops in the middle of a song or unilaterally decides to skip to another. Also, it doesn't play any videos! What's that all about? And it takes several trys for me to phrase a command correctly for it to get me to where I want. How hard is it to understand a simple request like,""launch xyz app""? I have to say, ""open"" or ""show me"" depending on it's mood. Maybe we need Alex to take over duties! ;)"	3	March 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	The microphones aren’t as sensitive as the other echoes in my house. The other echoes end up picking up my request more often than this one does, which is disappointing because this was meant to be the center hub of my smart home. Other than that, it is pretty good and I like the sound quality. The multiroom audio feature with other echoes is pretty awesome and has given me a great sound system in my house.	3	April 24, 2022	1
echo show 10	This device would be excellent if it didn't have on massive flaw.  It constantly asks if I want to change its rotation in an extremely intrusive way.  It overlays the screen and dims everything else, so I can't actually see what I asked for unless I go to the device and clear the prompt, pretty much defeating the purpose of it being voice activated.  Much, much worse is when it happens on timers.  In that case, the device will respond and tell me that the timer has started, but when I look at the screen, sometimes minutes later, the timer hasn't started because it's waiting for me to respond to the pointless prompt.  I've gone back to using my phone for timers because I can't rely on the Echo Show 10.	2	July 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have this in my kitchen. Used to play radio, music, find recipes, ask basic questions make grocery list and vinduct voice activated internet searches. It dissapoints in ability to conduct searches with longer voice commands or anything more complicated.  If the screen was more touch sensitive and could detach,  this could become a removable device and would be more functionable. Otherwise good quality.	3	May 4, 2022	1
echo show 10	"For a newer device it has some issues.  We received one as a gift and plugged it in, got it updated and started using it.  After about 2 weeks it started getting slower.  We would say ""Alexa"" and the device would take a long time to respond.I got into the settings and manually checked for updated and it had the latest version installed.  I ended up unplugging it to give a restart and that seemed to help in the short term.We still have the first generation Echo Show and that device never slowed like the 10 did.  Maybe Amazon will release an update to remedy this issue."	3	January 26, 2022	1
echo show 10	It would be nice if you could install apps. Also, it is very slow and it's a faster processor.	3	June 26, 2022	1
echo show 10	The Alexa Show 10 was really disappointing. Firstly, the stock photo showing the Home Screen with weather pinned to the side is just false advertising because that’s not something it can actually do, I even reached out to Amazon Tech Support to see if I was just missing something.. nope, they confirmed this product cannot do that. I was expecting a SMART interface where I could pin apps, sticky notes, reminders, holiday countdowns, etc.. but NO! This alexa does not have that capability, it is not customizable . If you have a lesser Alexa product like the dot, picture that capability but with a screen. It’s essentially a TV/Bluetooth speaker for your kitchen	2	August 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	I like the picture and picture quality, but I am not happy with the way it reacts with my ring outside camera.  It will not give me a large view of the outside only a small picture in the corner of the screen so not real pleased.  I have tried everything to correct it and called the support desk and they couldn't give me an answer either.	3	May 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	OK. I bought the Echo Show 10, 3rd gen.  I had read that it was so much better than the show 8 in every way.  I had bought the show 8 several months before I ordered the show 10 and love it . So, after coming home one day and seeing a box at my door, I was pretty excited.  Opened it up, hooked it up and to tell you the truth, I wasn't all the excited.  Now don't get me wrong, It is a really nice unit, but.... I really can't hear any sound quality differants between the 8 and the 10 at all...  It does kinda follow you around while you talk to it, witch is kinda cool... But the worst thing I really don't like about it, is while I'm playing music and want it to stop, I have to almost yell at it or repeat myself a couple times before it will respond...  SO.. bottom line :  I like the echo show 8 a little better and if you're thinking you need to upgrade from the show 8 to the 10, I wouldn't bother.  Now maybe as a show 5 upgrade it might be worth it...	3	June 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	Rewind, no longer works. Fast forward, no longer works. Skip forward, no longer works. Skip back, no longer works. Go back, no longer works. Go forward, no longer works. Stop and exit, now have to be combined often times in order to function properly. Resume, no longer resumes what you were just listening to or playing…instead it resumes something completely different or says there’s nothing to resume. Asking a question while listening to a book or streaming a video, often results in the audio or video freezing all together instead of resuming after answering the question.The commands I’ve mentioned above used to work perfectly. But over the past year, these commands have either stopped working or has become buggy. What is the point in having a voice operated piece of machinery, if you’re going to continue stripping away the voice commands?For a visually impaired person, like myself, it’s been a very frustrating experience. Especially when it used to work beautifully.	2	May 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	The Show 10 is a wonderful piece of hardware ... but ... I purchased it after reading about the AllRecipes skill, and thought this was a perfect use-case for my updated kitchen.  The skill doesn't link to your account, so it can't show your personal recipes.  In fact, it appears to be using a different DB than the allrecipes website, as a search on the show yields different results than the website.  Very disappointing.  Not sure what to do with it now.	2	September 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have many echo devices and was excited to purchase this newer device; however, this one surprised me by it’s poor recognition for the wake word “alexa”. I feel like I have to shout in order for it to activate compared to all of my older devices. Other than that it’s nice! I enjoy being able to read the song lyrics wherever I walk!	3	May 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	This was bought as my primary Amazon device.  I located it on the counter in my kitchen, which is an open floor plan, so the device could be used in the Kitchen, breakfast nook area and the living room.  I thought with its ability to swivel around that it would be useful.  However, I'm once step above, completely hating it.  It almost never hears me and I always have to repeat myself or scream at it.  In many cases, other devices in my home answer me, instead of this device when I'm a lot closer.  The swivel feature is jerky and more annoying than anything else.  I love all my other devices, but this one, I'm not a fan.  I was hoping it was going to be something more like a central hub, where, at a glance, you could get your news, weather, calendar events, control of other smart devices, etc...  Although it does some of those things, it doesn't do them well and it ends up being a chore, rather than a help.  Review Update: After writing my review a rep from Amazon contacted me.  Unfortunately, at the time I was tide up in a meeting.  They asked when would be a good time to call back.  I gave them a time and never heard anything from them again.  I continue to be aggravated and frustrated with this device.  I have several of the other devices and really love them.  However, this one is garbage.  I ask it to set a timer while a few feet away from it.  It doesn't listen and one of my other devices (one that is not only in a different room, but also on a different floor) sets the timer.  It's infuriating!!!	1	April 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	Voice rec, screen quality and picture quality are great… aaaand the audio is really nice but it ends there.The offset camera is dumb and makes it so it constantly adjusts.The LAG between the blink cameras and this thing is absolutely HORRIBLE. Like horrible!! It has a freaking 30second delay minimum when working with them. And when the motion announcement is triggered, it takes FOREVER to come onto the screen and then it won’t go away.The drop in feature on it works good… as long as you can wait forever for it to finally connect.Way way way to much lag in everything with this thing.	3	January 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I was super excited to upgrade to the new Alexa Show that moved when I spoke to it but to be honest it does a better job following the kids than it does me and I'm the one cooking trying to get it to turn to my voice 🙄 I also paid for one of the premium voices and it worked for like a week and then completely quit, telling my my device was too old! 🤬 I had to do a bunch of stuff to ""try and fix it"" and in the end wound up asking for my money back because none of the techs could figure out why it wouldn't work.I have several routines setup that I've used for years with my old Alexa's both dot's and show's. This one wants to show me pictures or internet articles rather than follow the routine process I've setup.It's great that I can turn the camera while watching from my phone but I can't tilt up or down and the lighting at night is worthless, she needs night vision. This one also only syncs to one camera of the 3 that I have, no matter what I name them or how I ask, she will not show another camera than my dining room.I have had more issues where the only solution is to unplug. I find that ridiculous how often I have to do this. I wish I could go back to the old one."	2	November 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is my second Echo Show. When it comes to listening to music they pause in the middle of a song…My first Echo lasted about a year before it started to freeze.Just got the Generation 10. It started pausing/freezing after a couple of months. It’s worse then the first. Something is wrong with these 2 Echoes doing this.When l call the help line. They tell me to unplug. Reset and so on..I was hooked on my first one because l slept well at night playing  soft music… You guys need to start from ground zero and figure out what the problem is. Compensate people for waisted time on the phone with Techs for hrs.Who have no clue what to do after they’ve used all the methods they were trained.Stop selling until you figure it out.	3	November 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	El diseño es muy cool, el tamaño de la pantalla ideal, El sonido es bueno. Sim embargo le hablo en ingles y español y no responde correctamente, pide para repetir y repetir hasta me da mal genio. Si le pide que busque algo en youtube no lo hace, tampoco hace buscas en Amazon Shopping lo cual me parece terrible! el video remoto funciona muy bien y el seguimiento tambienAveces le pregunto al Eco Show 10 y me responde el Eco 8 que esta en otro cuarto mas retirado.Definitivamente tiene problemas para escuchar, eso es lo unico que no me ha gustado.	3	February 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Tiene buen aspecto pero debe mejorar su comunicación ya que con música no escucha el ""alexa"". Adicionalmente es lento para las solicitudes que se le hacen. Las sillas de cámaras no funcionan muy bien Eufy Security. El sistema se traba y es lento."	3	May 30, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I went all in with Echo from the beginning and was excited to get the latest version of the ECHO SHOW, despite the cost. I have three other ECHO devices in the house (SHOW 5, DOT and SHOW MINI) and one in the car and the car Echo works way better than the SHOW 10. I've purchased and upgraded a dozen times since Gen 1, sent each of my kids one as they moved out. The SHOW 10 is by far the least intelligent AI I've purchased. Devices that work with other Echos around the house do not work with the SHOW 10. It is VERY slow to respond, much slower than the DOTs or other SHOWS that I own... sometimes I query the SHOW 10, then have to go to another room to get an answer while the SHOW 10 is still thinking. Often, it thinks for a long period, then goes back to showing ads and pictures like it was never invoked. Constant ""The internet is not working"" from this one, so I go ask another fully functioning ECHO device.Want to get your SHOW 10 to go blank for 5 minutes, then ignore you for 10 or even shut down? Ask it for the Latest News. You'll be lucky to get a weather report.I can hardly be more disenfranchised with this product. After investing so much into Echo devices, I wish I had gone with Apple Home. Siri doesn't try to tell me jokes, just gets the job done."	1	July 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have like 6 different alexas now... this is the most expensive and the less responsive, I put this one in the kitchen and sometimes the little echo dot on my bedroom 1st Gen will get and understand the orders before this monster even when I'm just in front of this one trying to give an order	2	September 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	What did I dislike, well for starters to pay the amount I did and get a WHITE POWER CORD with a BLACK ECHO SHOW im extremely upset over. I have all black furniture and now I have this white cord going across it! It looks stupid, so now I have to shovel out another $20.00 dollars to get a black cord for this thing and for my Echo that I purchased three months ago as well that had the same issue!! I am not pleased Amazon! Stupid move! The other issue my grandkids have tried to play games on it and it keeps freezing up not three minutes into the games causing us to constantly have to reset the games so I had to just tell my grandkids to just leave it alone. I am going to have to call technical service to try to sort it out. It does seem to have issues following me around at times, gets confused/lost.On the plus side I was able to set them to watching movies on it which is nice, it plays music beautifully and the screen is great to see. I love having the time right there next to my bed and being able to see notifications when they come up.	3	March 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	i've had the echo show for maybe 2 weeks. and it's JUST not worth the aggravation.it's new technology we get that, but, MAN the video and feeDback is A W F U L.choppy at best. figure out the bugs guys. i've had to drop in on my gf numerous times to actually get the video to be smooth. this is insane, over priced and JUST not worth it. motion is cool....WHEN IT WANTED TO WORK. it'll say, i've bumped into something, please readjust positioning. then it glitches...says the same thing. this thing is JUST not worth the impatience of techonology. it just doesn't work.i mean i get we're impatient with the way tech. is SUPPOSED TO WORK? but, WOW....this i just bad. it looks cool on first arrival and you set it and connect it, but, like i said, after trying to call my gf after 5 times to make the video smooth? no.don't buy it. i had to get a service rep to make a mock web address to print out a label to return this thing. THIS is why i don't get rid of the box for a month or so when it comes to certain things.BUYER BEWARE!!!  wait for the newest thing to be tested before you buy it.	1	September 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’ve been wanting an echo show 10  for a while and finally bought one I paid $139.00 after trade in discount and a gift card but if I had paid full price($ 249.00) it would already be packed up and returned. My sister and I got them so we could video chat while cooking dinner and I have never been so disappointed in an Amazon device. I own fire sticks, a kindle, a fire tv, a few different echos, smart plugs, a ceiling fan and love them all but this this is a joke. The follow me thing is so annoying the camera is not centered so the device is always off center it does not follow right at all basically useless, the sound is terrible during a video call it sounds like the other person is in a tunnel or closet, I was hoping this would also be a good tv for the kitchen but that part is terrible too only a few streaming options available. And no temperature sensor either. I’m not sure why it’s lacking so many features. I seriously thinking of returning it and just using my iPad in the kitchen.	2	March 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I have just about every variety of Amazon echo that has been released.  If I had bought this new one first, I would have never purchased another one.  It is absolutely awful and it's all because of the mics.  This thing can't understand anything we say, even from 2 feet away.  There was an echo show 5 sitting in the exact same spot until this one arrived and it had zero issues understanding us.  Now, from 8 feet away, my son asked about black bears. We got a report on the African American population in the U.S., a picture of blackberries, and several other nonsensical responses.  I can deal with the offset camera making the screen follow oddly at times.  I like the sound quality, and, the follow feature--though probably not all that practical--really does add to the immersive experience of feeling like Alexa is listening and present.  Except that experience is then completely destroyed by having to repeat everything 3 times and hoping that the response will be at all relevant.  Until Amazon fixes the mics, this is going to be a frustrating experience, especially if you use the device to control a smart home.  I would avoid this product for the time being.  We are most likely going to return ours.Update 08/2022 - We still have this and it is still awful.  Sitting two feet away from this, the echo 2 rooms over picks up before this one does.  This constantly gets our requests wrong.  It can't distinguish between ""turn off"" and ""turn on"".  Planning on trading in for something else this fall.  We gave it a chance to get the bugs worked out through software updates.  It is still, by far, the worst model Echo we own."	2	April 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is attractive with a nice screen. I didn't find the motion part of the screen helpful but it does work. My biggest problem is that it is always trying to give me content that I am not interested in. I have used Amazon Echo devices since they first came out so I am very familiar with their systems. Thought I would try this but can't seem to find it worthwhile or useful.	3	April 2, 2022	1
echo show 10	This is one of 8 echo devices I own, and is the only one that frustrates me.  It often does not hear the wake work or does not understand my comments.  The issue exist no matter how close I am to the device.  I like the screen and follow functions, but if it does not hear well it is not very helpful.  I recommend other devices over this one	3	April 2, 2022	1
echo show 10	For the price we paid for this, I was hoping it was a lot less clunky as far as the motion detection goes and functionality. This device does not have app downloading capabilities.	3	June 2, 2022	1
echo show 10	I use this regularly and it is good for older parents and kids. But it's so sloppily implemented, particularly around the basics. The response times are slow for core functions like starting or ending a call, and it is constantly fussing about its range of motion. When it works it's pretty amazing- tracks your voice and often makes very astute decisions about how to zoom, pan, etc. But, again, the basics are clunky and that's what I'm contending with most of the time.	2	August 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	It’s an okay device. Speaker quality is not great when using the device for phone calls or just to speak to someone in the room you’ve dropped in on. It has a lot of feedback whether you’re just in a different room of the house or checking in from elsewhere like work. It often gets stuck after rotating and doesn’t return to it set position. One of our devices, that we use as a safety measure to check on an elderly relative, will randomly put his room in privacy mode so we can’t see or speak to him and we know it’s doing this on it s own when he’s been no where near it to mess with settling.I ended up buying a backup camera that is battery powered and has night vision so I can see even when it’s dark which the Echo does not have. So I probably would not buy these again as there are better options that would better meet our needs. If I wanna look up random facts, songs or recipes any other tablet or even phone would do as well so this spinning paperweight isn’t really necessary.	3	July 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	Super sluggish, doesnt respond quickly to taps and when dropping in from other devices the show takes a long time to get in focus if it ever does. Also even when it focus it hunts around which is super annoying when you are talking to 2 deaf poeple trying to sign. The unit is right next to the Wifi so the signal is max.If I'm on my Galaxy S22 and dropping in the video when I'm in portrait orientation is in landscape so it is hard to see the deaf people signing. Then if I turn to landscape the video stays in the portrait orientation. There is a rotation button but it only rotates my video from portrait to landscape not the people I am signing with. There is literally no way the UI designers use this app for video communication it is super bad. Even when I start the drop in it selects the mic source as a watch located in another room instead of defaulting to the handset.The interface is not intuitive the whole alexa/echo ecosystem software ui is a convoluted mess.Almost never focused on calls if it does connect and the device is always moving and zooming seemingly randomly. If you use the alexa app to drop in for a video conference the landscape video of the echo will only show in portrait so it's a small video with black bars top and bottom of course if you rotate the phone it stays in portrait. If you hit the rotate button it will rotate your little selfie camera but not the main video which remains unintuitively in portrait. It will also just connect the studio to another device like a watch in another room instead of the obvious default of speaker. This has been going on for at least 6 months with not a bug fixed. No way anyone designing this actually uses it and pretty sure no one uses it much or else there would be so many bug reports for this functional disaster.	1	February 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Honestly I haven't been that impressed with these devices lately. I got it for a Xmas gift and was excited. But.. anymore you can ask it questions and 50% of the time Alexa doesn't have the answers or say they don't know etc. I am sure that I am not using it to it's potential.  But I am not that impressed with it for as much as it costs	3	April 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	Doesn’t do much. Can’t use as a camera	3	July 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I really like this in many ways, but I’m having several issues with it. When I’m playing music all over my house, the Show tends to stop playing regularly without me asking. It also seems to have a harder time hearing me than my other Alexa devices.	2	October 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	Update: I changed tatimg from two stars to one star. A kind representative called me based in my first review to try to fix said issues below.It worked for awhile but no more.I don't enjoy sports. I hay gone to settings and toggled off all sports-related content. Unplugged/replugged multiple times. Yet, the majority of content that comes across my Show screen is sports-related.Too late to send back. Clearly, though, the Show I received is faulty. I'm really ticked.————First, the motion ability is worthless. I wake up early in the morning. Echo let's me know there's not enough light for it to sensor motion despite having all living room lights on. As such, I disabled this feature.But what I'm most disappointed about is that when I upload my own pictures on the Alexa app, I have to unplug the device and plug back in for the new pics to show. Ridiculous.Next, when I saw the Show's speaker, I was excited thinking the sound would be superb. It's not. The sound sounds the same as the very first Show.I wish I would have kept my previous show. Lesson learned. I'd send this one back for a rwolacy but don't want to go through all the rigamarole.This Show isn't worth $250	1	August 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	Alexa was purchased because it is supposed to follow you as you move around in your room. I placed Alexa on my kitchen counter, but it follows me only about 40% of the time. I keep giving it the command to follow, and it follows for about 10-15 minutes, then it stops. I have even reprogrammed it, and it still does not continuously follow me. I am going to return my Echo 10 if I can. In the alternative, I’ll exchange it for another one if I am not able to return this one.	3	February 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	I’ve had many alexa’s of all kinds. This newer version is not good.  She doesn’t hear her name…I’m basically yelling to get her to do things.  She doesn’t do about half of the commands I ask. I don’t know what’s happening over there but this is how I expected the 1st gen Alexa to perform.  This is the worst one…it should be much better.	2	September 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	I could never get live view to work.  I brought this device because I like the big screen and the rotation.  After numerous troubleshooting techniques and nothing wormed I am returning this.  I am very disappointed because I have an echo show 5 and I love it! This was just more trouble than it was worth.	3	April 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	This is our third Alexa show, we have purchased a new one every year for the last 3 years. Sadly, there ARE glitches that never occurred in the first or second version of the large Echo Show.I had to talk to customer support immediately after set up. Can’t get the Home Screen to display. Tech said new software should be downloaded soon....it’s been 3 weeks.The pros are that the screen moves with you which IS amazing since I “drop in” on my daughter and her family in Australia and now I can go about my business in the kitchen while talking with them and  the screen moves when I do.Nice zoom feature with the camera too. Overall the only issue seems to be software updates that hopefully get addressed soon.UPDATE- Amazon sent us a brand new replacement BUT…it still does not display the Home Screen (screen with the time and a background/photo.There is definitely a glitch that I hope Amazon will fix this issue soon because I can’t even see the time and it’s my kitchen clock as well as radio, timer, video streamer, etc.	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I really like this echo and that is not easy to admit. I like that it moves and it really looks nice on my island. The competition quite literally has nothing like it and that makes me sad, because I love the hardware, but the software is a giant mess. My google home hub max has a way better operating system. Echo forces me to see stupid ""Alexa for your day"" pages. It has nothing like cast on google so I have no way of putting what I want on the display and their are so few skills that use video. I just do not get why I get dumb prompts that I do not want and an interface that is so slow it hurts some times. Sadly it looks so nice that I am still tempted to keep it..."	3	October 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	It doesn’t do zoom calls.  I was hoping it could be a dedicated zoom call / radio / small entertainment device in my office.  It does none of these things well.What hot garbage. (First posted on 9/18/2022)Follow up (11/28/2021)I don’t think there is piece of technology that has ever generated more fury to me than piece of crap Alexa Echo Show.First when I posted my review a couple of months ago, within minutes (!) Amazon called me and asked me if they could help me with the echo show.  It was kinda creepy but also kind nice. After 35 minutes futzing and downloading and redoing settings on the device and the phone it STILL couldn’t do zoom calls, even though the agent thought with the latest update it should.  It was like a glimmer of hope and then nothing.  I was just as frustrated as when I first realized this was a waste of money.  However it was enough for me leave the thing plugged in and not actually throw it in the trash.  Even though it did nothing.A couple of months later.  I have found *one* very awkward use for the device.  If I set up an Alexa to Alexa call on my phone and the show, I can use the Show screen, and my phones camera to give me a view of myself while weightlifting.  It’s cumbersome to setup and neither device can do anything else but at least it’s *one* use.The show is screen, a speaker, a camera, and a computer.  It does all of these jobs hilariously badly.  The screen can’t cast and streams very few services.  The speaker can’t multi task.  The camera struggles with video calls.  And the computer, good god they have done everything possible to make it only usable in the very idiotic way they want you to use it. It’s the most egregiously Company-centric, gather-your-data device I could have imagined.  The “customer first” motto and was definitely missing from the design and implantation of this device.  I really hope the teams involved read this.	1	September 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	The e ho is greatfor watching videos while cooking or cooking from recipe. I prima8wanted it to keep an eye on the house and my dig, for that it sucks. I have Nest doorbell camera and cameras with my security system,  all get great video very quickly. With Echo I have to keep reloading and hope video comes up, if it does it stops shortly after starting.	2	September 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	Although we have enjoyed having a visual depiction from our Echo Show, we have found that it causes delays to the products responses and confusion  when  having to decide whether the echo show should respond or let the echo dot respond...even though the echo dot is located in another room.  When we address the echo show it sometimes takes  two or three attempts to get it to acknowledge and respond with an answer.  Also motion/rotation of the screen is not always consistent with the movement of the person speaking to the  echo show. Finally  we have noticed just recently that when we ask the echo show to stop  something like music or a video, it will not stop playing.  We eventually are forced to unplug the system and shut down the echo show completely to get it to stop.  Then we plug the echo show back in to reset (reboot) the system.It would be helpful to be able to rename the echo show to another name  for responses, but  so far have not figured out how to do that.	3	May 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Mic and Alexa wake command:The new 3rd Generation Show is by far the worst Echo device I've had to pick up the voice Alexa wake command. I have to yell Alexa for it to wake when the Show is playing content at any volume. My old original Show wakes up more than 15 feet away while the 3rd Gen Show does not wake when I'm standing right in from of it.This happens mostly when the 3rd Gen Show is playing content like music or video. Maybe the larger speaker is overwhelming the mic, or the mic in the 3rd Gen Show is worse than previous Echo devices.This is bad enough that I'm considering returning the device. The original Show works much better in this scenario and the new Show almost does not work at all.Motion display:The display moves away from you then you put your hand on it to adjust the volume buttons. The proximity of the hand seems to confuse the motion sensor. I have to use both hands and hold the display from moving to adjust the volume.Bugs canceling timers:I got the 3rd Gen Show stuck several times. Canceling a timer right when the timer expires puts the Show in a loop and the timer alarm cannot easily be dismissed.Canceling multiple timers using the touch screen sometimes does not work. Swiping to cancel failed and the timers stayed active. I had to use voice to cancel each timer, but calling each timer by the original duration (e.g. cancel 20 minute timer) does not work. It failed to recognize the timer by duration and tells me have multiple timers. I had to ask for ""cancel timer"" and wait for it to ask which, and only then say ""20 minute timer.""The new Show seems buggy. I hope software updates will improve things over time like the motion of the display and the timer bugs.I'm not sure the poor mic issue is solvable by software. It could be related to a hardware issue or choice that may not be addressed until a future product refresh.If you have a choice, I suggest choosing another Echo device for now and skipping the 3rd generation Show until it has been improved. You'll need the patience of an early adopter to put up with its current buggy state. Its is disappointing for a 3rd generation device."	1	March 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am sure somebody can get this to video call or find things and combine it with other echoes in the house but not me.  Just about everything I try does not connect or requires some other subscription.  if you simply need a good speaker and the search AI, I recommend the less expensive Alexa devices.	3	April 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	El peor echo que he tenido, muy mala la recepción de micrófono, hay que gritar para que responda	2	November 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Great idea but extremely buggy; screen doesn't follow consistently and the mic is buggy.  I've had an issue of some kind with almost every call.  Screen stops following during calls and more than a few times when I say ""Alexa follow me"" it disconnected the call; happened again yesterday.  It also randomly faces the opposite direction  of where I am during a call.  The mic seems to not follow the screen, while standing directly in front of the unit 4 feet way the mic sometimes makes me sound like I'm in the other room.  I've tried the unit in my great room and in  a corner in the kitchen with limited motion and the issues happen both places.The speaker is great, Alexa integration is great picture quality is good and the concept is cool but don't think the software is near ready.  I was hoping some kind of update would be pushed out, I don't think it has because nothing has changed.  Now it's too late to return it and to add salt to my wound they lowered the price $50."	3	May 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	Looks very cool and sounds great. Really like the integration with smart home devices. However the user interface is very slow and lagging. Sometimes even the voice commands are very delayed. The device is very delayed especially during or after watching videos. Overall not very happy with the user interface and how unresponsive it is.	2	September 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Every time I tell it to do something it either doesn't understand or does something random. I said, ""Show me the recipe."" It told me a dumb joke with a pitiful punchline. I asked it, "" Why did the chicken cross the road?"" It said, ""Now playing Army Ants by Stone Temple Pilots."" I told it to stop and it read me a Wikipedia article. I told it to go home and it started playing the song again. So I snatched it up and flung it across the room. Very durable but stupid. Alexa is the worst AI ever. There's nothing intelligent about it. Not even smart enough to be a part of a smart home. The microphone sucks. I get sore throats from screaming at Alexa for being stupid and cursing Jeff Bezos for not investing in a competent AI. People will begin to hate Amazon soon just like Walmart. Corporate greed and inferior products will be their downfall along with shoddy customer service. I've been a Prime member for 10 years. When Amazon screwed up they used to give you a free month of Prime. Now I can't even get a Prime delivery in 2 days anymore. I'm stuck with 2 of these disaster devices. I wanted a way to view recipes and watch TV while cooking. I set it up for motion and never faces forward. It doesn't follow you but if you scratch your head it will turn. My advice. Buy a tablet."	2	October 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	There's a few things that I'd like to see on a next gen version of the device, the screen really needs to be OLED especially because I sleep next to it and it's bright even on just the clock screen. Nextly the built in Webcam is really poor compared to the compitition. Otherwise the sound is good for a 250$ speaker and Alexa mostly works.	3	March 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	We've had Echo devices all over our house for the past two years (Flex, Dot and new dome-shaped Dot), which all work pretty much the way they're supposed to. The Echo Show 10 behaves almost as if it's made by a different company. It can't hear me half the time, often another device much farther away answers instead of this one, it misunderstands me most of the time when it does hear me, and it also tends to respond differently when it finally does understand me, telling me it can't do a certain thing I'm asking or trying to use a 'skill' when one of the other devices would just fulfill the request directly. It gets to the point where, if I'm close enough to an Echo, I'll just lean in that direction and try to aim my voice that way, hoping it will answer instead of the Show 10. Actually considered disabling the mic or just putting it away somewhere, and the only reason I haven't is because it cost so much (!!), so I'm still trying to work with it. I regularly go into the 'voice history' settings and provide feedback when it misunderstands me, but that hasn't improved its performance.It's also been having a lot of trouble tracking/rotating to follow my voice, a problem that's gotten worse the longer we've had it. Restarting it sometimes helps, but we currently have the rotation turned off because it just doesn't work often enough, which defeats the purpose of the feature (not to mention the price we paid).The screen is fine, and I'd rate the sound quality a B/B+, but that really doesn't matter when the whole point is that you control it with your voice, and the voice recognition is so incredibly poor. The truth is, with this thing in our kitchen and an Echo dot in our living room, our entire Alexa system downstairs (it's mostly one big open space) would work better if I just unplugged the Echo Show 10.	1	January 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have 2 Echo Dots and an Echo Auto.  The one thing I did not expect from the Echo Show was that it would be the worst of the lot at voice recognition.  Even the Auto has improved leaps and bounds at overcoming ambient noise and such. What is the Show's problem?  I routinely have to repeat my commands,  have it stop what it's doing because it's not what I wanted,  and listen to it tell me it didn't find a device with that name,  when every other device knows exactly what it is.The motion tracking is intermittently successful at best,  which I was prepared for.  But commands that do not involve the screen,  like changing the thermostat,  should not be an issue given how successful the other devices are.I'm sure software improvements will make this better,  but I'm disappointed. Definitely put off getting the super sound system echo I've been thinking of.Speaking of sound,  the Echo Show is pretty good.  No 5.1 system,  but better than the size would suggest.	3	March 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	so far a bit disappointed with it. I have a small apartment with a combo living room and kitchen. I put it on a bar in between thinking I could get rid of the dot in the living room, a show on the bar in between and a fire tablet 10 with show mode stand in the kitchen. So far it is hard of hearing and it likes to keep its back to me when the tv is on. In addition, when I give commands for the amazon smart oven, instead of setting it to microwave or cook for so many minutes, it sets a timer. Most of the time, it will get it right the second try. It is only about six foot from the smart oven, and I am in between when using it so there's no excuse not to hear properly.I like the big screen for the ring doorbell video. and when it is not watching or listening to the tv, it does rotates with me like it should. Made a couple of non-video phone calls and there were no sound issues.  It was easy to setup.	3	March 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	Has a hard time listening	3	June 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I dropped it from 3 star to 2 after I read other reviews. I feel like I have bought a clunker.I have mine on the counter in the kitchen and set it up immediately upon arrival. Setup was easy, although be prepared, you may have to do the steps twice. Once is updates it forgets what you inputted and you have to do it all over - language and all that stuff. Not that big of a deal.I set the motion on the screen where I want it and that was pretty easy. Your will have to play around and find your sweet spot for the device. I guess I need to continue to work on that part as mine is prone to random movements and doesn't follow me at all unless I call out to Alexa. If you put something in its range of motion it will let you know.I find the sound better than my old one since the speakers are better and not buried in the back. The screen quality is not something I would rate as superior. I actually like my old one better. This one appears ""faded"" and not as vibrant as my old Echo.As stated, maybe I expected too much at that price point of $249.00. I preordered mine months ago and maybe if there had been a preorder discount I would be more satisfied, but at what I paid I see nothing to shout about. My old one is set up in my bedroom and I find myself gravitating back to that one.It's simply OK - and maybe I will change my mind as time goes on."	2	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Overall a nice looking device. Audio is okay, easy to adjust volume. This is our first Alexa product and probably last. The device worked really well for a few days then there was a self-installed update. Since then the reliability between what I asked for and what happens has degraded significantly. Its able to distinguish between my spouse and I well. Spouse has accent, 3ed language is English. But I (native English) have the most problems with it playing free music. Classical and Amazon Prime music, streaming or channels are problematic. Device changes voice from male setting to female (default) then states problem with understanding command while music is playing. Then it just doesn't work for simple commands like forecast or deliveries today. Cycling power has been the only reliable fix back to normal.	3	October 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	We bought this device for my dad for his birthday and found it very easy to install, and get up and running! The voice recognition was a struggle my dad has a mild accent and Alexa was not able to follow commands as easily as the echo or echo dot we already own. We switched the language and Alexa still struggled with voice commands… We also struggled with figuring out the benefits of owning this device v what we already own. My dad could not enjoy the experience as much as we thought that he would! The return as always for us with Amazon was easy and he got some Bose Bluetooth headphones instead!!!	3	November 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	This device is not easy to set up; far more complicated than previous show devices. It updates as soon as you turn it on but then needs further updates immediatly after. Despite turning off the motion function it continues to try to set it up and does not modify its turning radius to the parameters you set. Although it adopts your previous information and settings to some extent, it takes many screens and icon clicks to get al done. Volume is good. Its a bit tipsy so be sure to set it up in a place you won't bump it. There are many new options but it doesn't always follow the preferences you select. Time wil tell how well it functions in the long run. Setup problems lowered my ratung. I had to call Amazon customer service for tech help, which was mostly useful. Some screen options did not match what the tech said would appear. Requires a great deal of patience to set it up, so if that is not you, choose a second generation device!	3	July 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	A high-end Alexa device. Sound quality is very good. The ability to access the camera and pan the screen around so that you can look around a room is nice. Doesn’t have till capability, so you do have to make sure that the screen is positioned such that it’s not looking at the ceiling if you want to look around the room.  The auto follow feature is pretty freaky, but works relatively well. It is a little bit difficult trying to touch the screen as it’s following you, which sometimes creates an error message that the screen has hit an object. It would be more useful if you could use this as a full tablet, but it does have some limitations and that it doesn’t have all the applications that most tablets have. If you do a lot of video calling, or want to view recipes in the kitchen, it’s great. All in all, I would prefer a tablet in the kitchen instead of this device as it provides a lot more functionality.	3	May 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	It's a nice design but it has flaws. Alexa doesn't understand all the time. The screen will sometimes look the other way when saying a command. The UI is a little behind. Let's just say I'm not that pleased. I was expecting a lot more. It does have a good sound. Video quality, when using the camera for pictures or video calls, is not the best.	2	August 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	I bought this one to replace another Echo show that was much worse. It was horrible at picking voices and understanding directions. Thought it was because it had the speaker in the back (poor design) but this one that is 6 x more expensive is only slightly better with voice recognition.	3	April 5, 2022	1
echo show 10	"This review encompasses all the Echo Show devices, not just the new 10"".  I don't know what the programmers are doing, but these devices are getting worse every update.  I have 10 of these devices, Show 5's, 8's and 10's.  For whatever reason now, the screen on them goes black for no reason.  No clock, no sleep mode enabled, they just turn black.  Even in the middle of the day with plenty of light or even playing music.  This is stupid.When selecting a photo album for a background, the pictures used to play oldest to newest.  Then after an update a year ago they started playing newest to oldest.  Now, they just play in some random order, sometimes repeating the same picture several times.  Why can't you give us an option to let us choose the order we want our pictures to show in?  This is also stupid.  And speaking of stupid, how many times now do I have to say the wake word (Echo in my case) for the damn things to respond?  They used to respond every time! Honestly, I used to love these devices, but I will not be buying another one.  Since the HomePod has been killed off and more people are shying away from the Google home devices for whatever reason, Amazon and its Echo programmers have been on a vacation.  Please fix your devices or hire some people that know what the hell they are doing. They are barely worth the price as it is now."	2	June 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Let me start off by saying the product is good.  I called CSR to see if they could offer the price they have for this item, $169.99 two days prior I paid $249.99 same item.  I was told they cannot price match.  Ok, price match your product that was purchased within a couple days of each order from Amazon.  Not sure I understand why, it would make more sense to adjust the product cost instead they are having me return the item to reorder the item to get the price they offer now.  Guess Jeff must be so tight or hard up for more money his staff can't make adjustments with orders that are less than a week apart in ordering and pricing difference.  After all this is Echo Show 10 - Amazon product.	1	November 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	Im writing this review because the terrible experience I have with he echo show 10 and the Alexa support team today.I bought my echo show 10 on March 27, arrives and works fine until ending April when I notice it start having problem with moving and rotation. I call in to Amazon support on May 3 and I explain the problem, the person in the phone told me not a problem we will replace your divide, just send us back the one don't working and we will send you a new device.I send it with the power adapter and the cord included (why? because my original echo was black but the power adapter and cord came white so I thought ok they will send me back a new one also). Amazon receive my device on May 6.May 12 I call in amazon support again and I explain I have never receive the replacement device, they told me you will receive it later today.I receive the device: Refubirsh echo show, not a new one like the one I bought and stop working, if not one from someone else fixed. But worst of that, only the device not power adaptor or cord attached.I call in amazon support: from 4 pm until 5:45 pm on the phone when I decide to stop.I pass from people don't understand my English accent, to people not speaking English correctly and not understanding my problem. I went to talk to Spanish speaking people from support that count find the replacement order even when the have the original order number.... Waits of time and terrible service, worst of that: the time and money spend on this.Totally disspoainted with Amazon, with Alexa support.I do not only think the appropriate thing to do was seeing a new device, after all I spend tons of money in something new that was supposed to work. If not the terrible service on the Phone.I hope someone from Amazon reads this and contact me about it, I will wait for a solution but if nothing coming I will send a complain about the company service and my experience.	1	May 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It’s not worth the price. A piece of junk. It will play your music most of the time but she don’t listen well. Alexa is Stupid she don’t listen. Why do my echo talk to each other. My echo show in my kitchen say you can learn another language. Just say Alexa I want to learn Spanish. Then my echo in my living room say sure buenos días and continue . All the while my echo show is still talking saying I can tell you a joke just say Alexa tell me a joke, then my echo start telling joke. This go on and on so I yell for both of them to shut up. When I’m in my bedroom sometimes I forget and say Alexa then my echo dot in my bedroom talks then my echo show in my kitchen and echo my living room start talking. It’s like having a annoying roommate."	2	June 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 The hardware, screen, picture quality get high marks. It feels really nice and the picture is crystal clear. Voice recognition is great, no hiccups as yet.The problems start with the rotation of the screen. It never stops where you would want it to. Most times it stops with the screen facing the wall. It follows you as you’re interacting, but once you’re done or it loses sight of you it stays put. At times it even moves to the wall. It’s frustrating. I don’t know if this can be fixed with a firmware update, I’m really hoping because this is a big disappointment.The issue I’ve ran into is it says no one is in my contacts. Alexa, “Call (insert any name in my contacts).” Alexa’s response, they can’t find the person in my contacts. Then gives me the option to add the person in the Alexa app. But, they’re already in my contacts.If these two are the only issues and if they are fixed, easily with firmware, then I will definitely increase the rating. I really like this and want it to work properly."	3	July 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Definitely not impressed. Everything about this device is mediocre. The voice recognition works whenever it feels like it the screen adjust to some weird angle (facing the wall) that is not beneficial to me especially because I use this in my bedroom on the side table.	3	April 19, 2022	1
echo show 10	Only purchased to be able to look all around den/kitchen (where it sits between) in home while away. Cannot control this remotely. Expensive disappointment.	3	May 29, 2022	1
echo show 10	Auto find/swivel moves too far or doesn't find you at all.  When you want it to track it doesn't and when you don't want it to track it does.Needs tweaking and more user options as to enable and disable auto tracking like during a call or when giving alexa commands.	3	March 28, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I was really excited to get this device, but it's feels a little buggy.  The motion options don't really work as described, for example, I have it set to only ""follow me"" when I request it too, yet it's always turning toward me when I say command.  Also, as others have said, it's sometimes seems like it's not centered on me, more so when I'm closer to it (I think), and when it does follow me (whether I wanted it to or not), it doesn't return to the idle position when it's done.  Voice commands don't seem to work as well as my other Echo's.  I think it will be a nice device, or I hope, but probably needs a few rounds of bugs fixes.  The sound and screen are nice.  I'll update my review if anything changes.Update, more and more frustration across echo devices.  There’s too much “A” and not nearly enough “I” in its AI.  Never learns from my choices!  Getting ready to jump to a new platform, but I’m pretty invested in echos and would like to give them a little longer, but I will start to replace them with another brand that works much better on the AI side if they don’t fix these."	2	November 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	I wanted to like this device but it could not do what i wanted. I wanted to use this as a kitchen tv and it would access most things it will not do hbomax and disney plus. These where a deal breaker. I did like the sound as it was good for a kitchen and being able to use ring on it was cool. But without disney plus and hbo make it wasn’t worth it as i could do almost the same with a 13” led tv and firestick and a echo dot. If one day they ever decide to let those apps work or let you access them through silk or let another web browser operate on the device then i might get another one.	3	October 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	Sound coming out of this 250.00 10th generation is no near what they claim, the screen doesn’t track if there isn’t a lot of light around it, I have first generation that works better than this one	2	October 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	We've upgraded from the first version of the Echo Show, thinking that Amazon actually advanced their research in the voice recognition and communication, in the last 5-10 years.There is little to no difference between this generation and the first generation regarding this.The good:- better screen and somehow better sound- physical switch to cover the camera- more streaming options and more functionality overallThe Bad & Ugly- The voice recognition is still as horrendous as 6-7 years ago, since they started this.Many times Alexa is not even recognizing the phrases or even words spoken by the same person, that has no accent.- The AI is still much more primitive and in a lower league, compared to Google's AI, Microsoft's AI (Cortana) or even Apple's AI (Siri). There is no continuation in the discussion. Alexa can't carry a simple conversation, like Google's AI. It doesn't remember the context of the previous question, which makes it very limited.	3	July 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	You are wasting your money if you do. It is basically like a standard Echo but with a screen. The worst GUI I've ever seen. Def not worth it!	2	October 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	No termina de convencerme, el sistema operativo lo considero muy atrasado para lo que hay hoy en día, es muy limitativo, poco compatible con muchas apps o Skills. Creo que no le saco el suficiente provecho debido a sus limitaciones. Para solo preguntarle sobre dudas esta bien, pero para utilizarla como Smarthome le falta mucho todavía.	3	March 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	Dying every time we unmute to talk to Alexa, and coincidentally just outside the 1 year warranty. As Amazon grows in the billions, their product and customer service to better the problems has been getting worse. No electronic at $330 should last only 14 months. iPads can last 10 years. The best offer they gave me was 15% off a new one, which is highly ridiculous for a confirmed defective product by their Echo IT department that I tried everything with for two hours. Defective products that still turn on but have a defect should be replaced if they can’t be fixed by IT. No one in the department has heard of this issue until now, which equals a defect to them. I would take a refurbished one over nothing if it meant having a working device for my little kids but now I am forced with the decision to have nothing because Amazon will not do right by its customers. Extremely disappointing, not right for my kids as it was a Christmas present, ages 3 and 5. I feel for the customer service agents who have their hands tied by supervisors that offer no better solution than 15% off of a $330 product that is defective. I wouldn’t wish the disappointment on their children that mine will feel when I tell them it’s not going to work anymore	1	July 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	Can’t believe Amazon had the ability to build a such slow crap in 2021. The user experience is like touching a device from 13 years ago. Due to the garbage cpu inside, this thing is keep crashing and unresponsive. I don’t know how they could find this type of cpu nowadays, in a trash can or customized it. If they customized it, they are wasting our planet.This poor thing is not even capable to run a browser smoothly, so installing a third party app is a dream. And the camera face recognition causes this crap turn the other side when you are watching the screen. Very rude!For this price point, I can just buy a fire tablet and a echo together to make a better user experience.	1	November 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	el dispositivo está muy bonito , tamaño y color .pero es muy complicado ala hora de pedirle que toque la musica.música.. antes tenia un google nest y lo ame es super y lo superó al eco show , pero lo tuve que cambiar por que Google no es compatible con ring!!!	3	March 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	While this item integrates with Alexa, it will not work with our Alexa enabled Sonos speakers, contrary to advertising.  The sound quality of the speaker is poor - nowhere near the Sonos quality - and it will not play when we tried to pair it to a Sonos speaker in the same room.  We hope to find an alternative in the future.	2	August 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	Even when it’s a bit dark the screen should still follow you, needs to stop freezing up and not responding.	3	May 28, 2022	1
echo show 10	Disappointed in the menu system and navigation overall.  Will also add there's quite a bit of OS latency going on here.  Gig fiber mesh throughout the house - great signal to the device, but it lags a bit when switching to other functions, etc..  I cannot stand the menu system - oh, did I mention that already?!	2	August 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	Cons: The sound quality tends to jump all over the place depending on what you’re streaming or whether you’re making a call. Netflix lags horribly and Alexa is less than reliable for simple tasks so I’m hoping they’ll fix that with an update, as well.Pros: love the group call feature for my family without smartphones, I also enjoy the quality of sound when it is synchronized and working properly, being able to link my security devices is also a major plus	3	January 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I use it for Pinterest And when I have my recipe open and I ask alexia to do something  it closes out my recipe.  So annoying it should go right back to your last app. Or when you have your recipe open and ask alexia to play music it closes your app another annoying thing.	3	March 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I was so excited to receive my new Echo Show Generation 3, as I had the original Echo Show & the Echo Show Generation 2. I preordered and received my unit on the release date. The screen is beautiful with great definition, the sound is great & I like the rotation as I move about my kitchen.My huge disappointment, of which, I have called Amazon several times, is that I ordered Charcoal & it is packaged with a white cord. In my location you see the power unit plugged into the wall & it is ugly and definitely does not look like it goes with the unit. Had I known that a white power plug & cord was going to come with the Charcoal unit, I would have ordered white.At first, I thought it was a packing error, as I don’t think this reflects Amazon quality. I love Amazon & I am a very loyal Prime Member, not to mention, our house has five Echo products, however, I feel this issue does not reflect Amazon’s quality or reputation.	3	March 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I've lived with this thing for over a year now, but I've been holding off on my review in the hopes that maybe just maybe software or app updates would make it actually function correctly.  Sadly, no.  So after all this time, it gets one star, and I really should have just returned it on day one.We purchased this, as well as one for each of the grandparents, so our kids could easily connect with them and see them (we all live very far away from each other and rarely see each other).  When asking Alexa to make a call, it will state, ""calling grammy on Alexa device"" but then literally not do anything, no matter how long we wait.  Sometimes Alexa won't even finish that sentence, it'll just cut off.  Repeating the request gets similar results.Asking ""Alexa, why are you broken"" sends her in to a ""Every thing seems to be functioning normally"" loop where she repeats this phrase over and over never finishing the word ""normally"".We also have a few Echo Dots (mostly received for free with other purchases).  And occasionally, asking the show to call grammy will trigger an echo dot in the other room to make the call, for some unknown and absolutely terrible design reason.And the app, dear god.  How a multi-billion dollar company can fail so hard at basic app design is astonishing.  Amazon should have waited for someone else to produce this item, then just bought the rights, like they did with Wyze, which actually has a decent app.  God help you in your attempts to set up any Echo device, it's going to take you a few tries, I hope you have the patience of a saint.TLDR: Don't buy one.  The idea of an Echo Show is great, the actual Echo Show is complete and total hot garbage."	1	December 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Well this is the first Amazon product that I'm actually going to just straight up return because it's just not good. I'm no stranger to preordering products and being essentially a day one beta tester but no joke this is the buggiest launch day product I've ever used. The motion on the screen tracking is jumpy. The video following swivel despite the jutters isn't actually terrible but holy smokes the zoom in and out that you can't independently disable is super jumpy and is nauseating with how rapidly and unexplainably it just randomly zooms in and out. The ""16MP"" camera quality is worse than stock built in web cams on cheap laptops. Any time I try and use the awkward youtube web browser it just crashes two minutes in. The home screen isn't customizable enough to actually be useful. Although the audio quality isn't bad, it certainly isn't good so it's not even coming close to my bose 500 speaker in my kitchen. The resolution of the screen looks ok but not great. Basically this is a very limited application tablet with an ok speaker that's fairly useless as a video chat system which is what I had maybe the highest hopes for. The only thing that this product did really well was looking cool and having a great marketing video that fooled me into pre-ordering. Maybe after several firmware updates if they listen to people's feedback this will be a good product but until then I'm not wasting any more time with it and will hope for a better product next generation."	2	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Got this new echo show for video calls and recipes. Really works well for following you around the room and zooming in. Pretty much what I upgraded for. However, the screen does not move back to the idle position when you stop interacting with it.  Well, it will when it sleeps, but it only sleeps when nobody is in view of the camera. People are in my kitchen most of the day in my set up, so it is stuck at whatever angle someone last interacted with it until you interact with it again.I spent 3 hours with tech support and 4 unplugs, 3 resets, 5 times recalibrating the motion and checking for updates numerous times to find this out. Really poor support for this device. My initial question seemed simple: ""when does the device go back to the idle position?"" To be clear, following you is not the same as turning toward you when you say Alexa. The former has preferences, the latter is either on (turns towards you when you say the wake word) or off completely.Anyways, i  hope the development team is listening and they add a command to put the show back to idle position or even better, implements a time out when not in follow mode and the wake word hasn't been spoken. Maybe even move it back to idle position when the camera slider is closed.I'll give it a couple weeks to see if any of this updated before I return the 2 I bought."	2	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Echo show is a solid product, well made and a great addition to my smart home set-up. It's great seeing my photo library as a screen saver...acts like a digital photo frame. I also like seeing the weather details on screen as she recites the forecast to me along with other details like my calendar of upcoming events, etc. A great visual reminder. The reason I'm not giving it four or five stars is the limited usability of the applications like Food Network Kitchen. A touch-screen feature that allows you to navigate the app, search your saved recipe collection and find what you are looking for is much needed. Currently you are left asking Alexa to find the recipe you are looking for, which is kind of clunky and can take a few tries for Alexa to find the recipe you want. This was one of the main reasons for adding the Echo Show to my other Alexa products.	3	July 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	The product does not meet expectations. To begin the following screen is glitchy and not matter how we adjust it and the rotation settings for some reason it wants to turn towards a wall. With the large screen and Amazon already making a tablet you would think Amazon would make the screen act more like a tablet. The most annoying thing is the Alexa response delay. We have to say Alexa sometime multiple times to get it to respond. Our old echo in the next room picks up and responds better when we are talking to our new echo 10. I hate to say it but this maybe our last Amazon echo/Alexa product for the price you can purchase an iPad and integrate to the house and not get all the annoying news/ads that you can’t turn off. We will see if Amazon actually allows this to post.	3	August 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’ve been using this for several months. I have several Echos and this one has the worst microphones. I used to have a gen one echo in the kitchen and it responded more than 90% of the time. The Show only hears about 65% of the time. This also feeds the issue of not hearing correctly. Also as a result, the screen doesn’t do a good job of finding the location of the person speaking. So that feature is off on mine. I’m fine with the screen quality and the performance speed.	3	December 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	If i want the Echo Show to read or display a recipe, i spend more time trying to get it loaded or keep working to keep it visible, that i usually get frustrated and end up using my ipad to watch the youtube or web recipe.Another annoying item encountered weekly is when the Show starts giving me error message about its turn radius.  I am then required to refresh the radius turn info.Sometimes i am right in front of the show on my kitchen counter and it will say cannot move/rotate  as the subject is too far out of range.And lastly, my Show sometimes will just start not listening/hearing or properly responding to our “Alexa” requests.  This is not due to location or poor signal as other echos we have do not experience this issue. Only way we have found to resolve is to unplug to and allow the Show to reboot.The Show is a nice device concept, but still seems it needs to work out some more bugs before it would land in me recommending it	2	January 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	Great concept.  Could be better with a few updates.  Needs ability to pan camera while viewing camera through app. Also, the mic could be placed better. Auto follow gets thrown off by tv sounds which causes the screen to turn away	3	March 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	So laaaaaaaaagggggyyyyyyy. Sometimes unresponsive to touch. i use voice instead of touch because its so laggy.	2	October 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	The screen is brilliant,  the tracking feature allows me to move around the room while the device rotates to keep me in the video call.  It does all the skills every other echo does.It fails epically to allow for permitted contacts as well as myself while away,  to drop in on the device.  If there is no work around,  a refund will be forthcoming.	2	August 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	Limited Alexa skills and inability to download apps	3	June 4, 2022	1
echo show 10	This device is practically unusable. It fails in the fundamentals - to hear you, and it fails in it’s unique feature - to rotate towards you.When I ask this device to do something, Echo devices in two (!) adjacent rooms respond before this one does - even if I stand just a few feet away. Its microphones seem very sensitive to other noise in its surroundings, so god forbid you use it in your kitchen when the fan is on or water is running.If you ask it to play the headlines, it just shows random videos, so to get any content you have to walk up to it and touch the screen. That in turn makes the screen rotate away from you, unless you actually touch the content displayed in the middle.If you try to control the lights, since its “hearing” is so bad, it will respond “I can’t do that” at least 50% of the time. Luckily the Echo I have in another room frequently hears me instead, and sets my light to the desired setting.Whenever you speak to it, it’s supposed to turn towards you, and it does - if you tell it to rotate towards you two or three times.Using the drop-in feature to connect to another Alexa device in the house takes about a minute, so I end up broadcasting messages to all the devices in the house instead.The overall user experience is just incredibly bad, at least in my case where we have several other Echo devices and rarely are closer than 5 feet from the device. The only thing it does reasonably well is play music - if it hears what you ask for. Because what it plays may often be a total surprise.	1	February 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	The camera on the edge was a bad design! It has problems “following” you. Also the screen is slow	3	May 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	Like: New innovation, connects to a lot of things amazon wise,  web browser, helps with calendar, weather and reminding you stuff, makes calls, connect to phone by bluetooth  and has webcam calls, can improve a lot.Disliked: no instructions of capabilities, still needs to touch screens for certain selections like You tube, facebook, movies. Kinda difficult to navigate because you have to be switching between touching and voice control so that means you can't be that far from the screen, doesn't connect to a lot of stuff non amazon and other things like FB, You tube, etc you have to enter the browser for it, can't do it directly to the apps, touching the screen is sometimes slow and has glitches, also echo camera doesn't always connect or works, and basically sometime Alexa doesn't responds and finally the sensor for following a person sucks, it doesn't always do it or will face the wrong direction. To expensive for my liking when you have so many things you have to fix.	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	I don’t have many good things to say about this echo.  We own all previous versions of the echo and echo show and this one is our least favorite. Like others have said, the screen rotates past you and goes black randomly. The most annoying bit is the fact it can’t hear you even if you’re in the same room. I work nights and when I come home at 3 or 4am, I will ask it to turn on the living room lights at a low but not whispering voice about 4 feet away and it will reply AT FULL VOLUME: Sorry! I am having trouble hearing you please try again! It’s now sitting unplugged taking up space. Will not buy again.	2	May 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	The main reason I made the purchase was to watch TV while working in the kitchen. I believed it would be able to access the same channels I have on my fire stick or be able to support my DirecTV network but I have yet to be able to make that work. I haven't been successful watching through the internet, either. So, at this point, it's become a giant, useless, unplugged paperweight. Hopefully I can come up with a work around because hauling my laptop into the kitchen is not a great option but I guess I'll have to go back to it. Also I apparently have one of those voices that the Amazon devices hates to recognize even if I'm standing right next to it!	3	September 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	I like to stay up with technology, so I was intrigued by the new Alexa.  No doubt the screen is much sharper than the earlier edition, but does it do anything better?  Debatable.  The follow-me feature is clever but erratic; it responds to my voice better than my significant other.  She often has to ask her twice to do something.As far as the sound quality goes, I haven't noticed any great improvement, but we don't use her to play anything but her voice, generally.What we do notice appears to be a whole bunch more ads between the content we'd prefer to look at; namely our photos.  It's worse than the TV, between hyping Alexa features and useless notifications about upcoming things we have no interest in, I'm tempted to toss a cover over the screen.  It's plain annoying.Would I do it again?  Perhaps.  The trade-up was enough of an incentive for me, but without it?  Nope!	3	April 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	No responde como otros artículos que tengo,Muy pobre a la hora de obedecer cuando le pido que pare la música.	2	October 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	I love all my echos but this one was suppose to be the best.  it wouldnt swivel no matter how much light was in the room.  it would always say motion disabled due to low light even with all the lights on.  sound isnt as loud as you would expect either.  unfortunately returned and went back to my echo show 8	3	January 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	I love the big screen and the improved speaker sound. The way that it follows your movements around the room is a bit creepy. You can turn it off in settings but you know it is still watching you😜	3	March 30, 2022	1
echo show 10	This search mechanism or the software operation is awful and has been since older models.... how many times you have to ask to play a video on any service they say ok and nothing happens you have to ask so many times and then you even have to hit play on screen sooooo frustrating terrible operating system	3	February 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	Upgrading from the echo show 8, I was disappointed that the black unit came with a white cord. WHY? I received a black cord with the echo show 8, so now the cord stands out like a sore thumb. The ability to follow you is not the best. I have one in the bedroom and I had to turn motion off because it would turn half way around every time I turned on the oscillating fan in the room. I also use it as a bedside alarm clock. It has repeatedly lit up outside of the alarm time for no reason and I have to swipe the screen to make it close. I also get notified that something 'bumped the device' every time I try to rotate back to where it needs to be instead of where it wants to be. Hopeful a future update will fix many of these issues.The plus side, set up is easy and sound/picture quality is good. Not sure it justifies the price tag though.	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	After 5 years of using Alexa as the voice control for my smarthome setup and spreading various echo devices everywhere, I had high hopes for a transition to local processing of voice controls. I have echo shows of all 3 generations and this one made me divest from the Alexa ecosystem altogether after realizing that a similarly priced entry level ipad has a much better screen, more voice processing capability, astronomically faster and enables much more capabilities of which only a few I would say I am missing from the echo shows:1. The IR sensor to turn the screen on and off when the device is unused.2. The superior sound quality... which if you really care about it, I would recommend to get one from SONOS anyway rather than this expensive mid quality device.The rotating screen is gimmicky and not a ready for prime time with its strange offset but most disappointing is how slow the voice processing. Don’t get me wrong... 1-2s is not really a deal breaker but... it indicates that it is cloud dependent unlike HomeKit which is local and instantaneous. The microphone sensitivity seems to be degraded as well: My comparison test indicates that the sensitivity and recognition is inferior to even an iPad. Paradoxically I am now covering the same voice recognition space with 3x fewer apple devices which means that my Apple setup is actually cheaper, faster and better integrated than the former Alexa equivalent.	2	March 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Far too often this device does not understand simple commands. You can't transition from one task to another almost ever. I give it commands and it activates my fire tv. I play Jeopardy daily and as of late, the system does not understand the words I am using and then says the same thing I just said back to me as the correct answer. I use sleep sounds and when I request one it says it doesn't have it so I have to bring up the actual screen and tap on the very one I asked for. It has it but it says it doesn't have it. The motion detector is out of wack and for some reason just changes direction for no reason. On the whole, I would say this is not a good device. Save your money.	2	April 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	They remove the usb port that would allow you to add ethernet what ashamed my wifi signal is bad where I have this device I have RJ45 jack available but my only option is to use a extender which Alexa devices are picky about allowing you create a music group when you use extenders. the cost of ownership just keep going up. the motion tracking is very buggy. you may want to just get the Show 2 or wait for the next generation	3	December 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought this for my wife to use around the kitchen and it has worked pretty well since we got it. I’m not sure I would recommend it though because sometimes the voice recognition doesn’t go through and the screen itself is extremely laggy and non responsive. Trying to use Netflix while cooking takes a long time to load and the touch controls are not good. It’s almost as if the hardware can’t support it well enough which is a bummer because it’s brand new.	2	July 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	Why does the review page ask me about “warmth, sheerness and weight”? I didn’t buy a sexy pair of undies.As most of the other reviewers have indicated this product was not ready for distribution. The screen does not keep up with your movements and if I walk by it too fast it spins 360 degrees and still misses. Sound is somewhat better than my previous versions of Echo. Resolution nothing special. When accessing TuneIn Radio it doesn’t take me back to my previous station. It switches to some HipHop stuff. When I ask it to play to my “office group” which includes two more earlier Echos I am lucky to get only one to connect.On the plus side I ordered the white unit. It even came with a white cord.Amazon, give me a $100.00 gift card and I will call it even. Otherwise I am considering trying to pack this device up and ship it back.Not the quality I expect from My Amazon.	3	February 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	DO NOT BUY. NOT A FUNCTIONAL PRODUCT. IT'S AN AD MACHINE. And I say this as someone who has worked in marketing for 10 years. It's an actual joke I wasted $200 on this thing which was supposed to function as a smart hub and CLOCK for me because I don't have a clock in my kitchen. Welp you can't use the clock because the device too busy serving you ads from the Amazon world 24/7. Want to listen to Spotify? There goes your clock again! Oh and the touchscreen is literally non-functional. It takes ~5 seconds to respond to a touch. This thing has created more problems for me than before I had it. It's also increased my blood pressure from screaming at it (to actually work) every other day. It has made me a violent person. lol.	1	October 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	So glitchy I can’t figure out why. Stops randomly, moves without the camera on. Alexa is non responsive all the time and won’t work with my lightbulbs. Very frustrating	2	September 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I ended up returning two devices and the third device exhibited the same issue.  In the initial setup, home monitoring can be set up so you can use the camera on the device from your Alexa app on your phone.To accomplish this, on your phone Alexa app, you select Devices, Camera and your Echo Show 10 device, where on all three, I received this error message. “Microphone permission is required for this feature. Please update in settings and try again.”After no contact on the third device, I contacted them and they were ""reviewing the data logs"", I found the solution on my own.Go to your phone Settings, select Amazon Alexa App, select Permissions, and enable Microphone and Camera.That resolves the camera video issue and when viewing the camera video, you can choose to turn on the microphone and the speaker so that you can have a two way conversation with the Echo Show 10 Device and your phone."	3	April 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	"So I bought this for my wife as a Mother's Day gift, and so far I consider it ""mediocre"". I like the large-ish screen that you can see pictures and watch videos, but this Alexa device does not listen well, or interpret voice commands any where near the extent to which the Echo Dot does. I find we have to repeat ourselves several times in order to have some things answered. Not always, but sometimes. And especially as it relates to music requests, it seems like half the time it gets them completely wrong. It could be that it needs to get used to my voice, but Echo Dot did not take long at all. My wife is kind and says she has yet to pass judgment, but I think it needs some serious software upgrades, and soon, before we give up using it to its supposed potential."	3	July 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s super cool that the screen moves.  Speaker is nice.  But it keeps bumping into the wall!  I’ve set the boundaries and “taught” it how far to turn but it seems to forget	3	February 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	Very slow processing simple task like opening Hulu , just seems like in this day and age the system would run fast but it runs like an old laptop.	3	April 13, 2022	1
echo show 10	The camera based tracking works reasonably well and has marginal value when on video calls or making requests for visual content from different locations in a room. In comparison to other echo devices this one's microphone is poor. It struggles to hear commands as well as other echo devices.  I would not buy another one until I was confident that the microphone quality was improved.	3	January 14, 2022	1
echo show 10	I used to be in love with Alexa. The more time passes the worse our relationship has become. And, it’s getting worse every day. I purchased these new devices thinking that the issues we were having would be resolved and that we could rekindle the relationship. Sadly that has not been the case. The devices are frequently unresponsive and mostly respond inaccurately when they do. The follow feature is clunky and does not work at all in dimmed light. Time spend with support is wasted time I’ll never get back and resolved nothing. I absolutely hate this purchase and will be seeking a return. The echo devices are getting dumber, not smarter.So… I returned these following Amazon’s guidelines immediately following a call from them when this review posted. I tracked the shipping and called on the day they received it. I was told that the refund would be issued and that it could take 3 to 5 days for it to post. Now, it is day 11 and I have not yet received my refund. I called and was told that the refund had not been released, for some reason, but that it was now and that I should expect it within 3 to 5 days. WTF!Update: so recently my “smart” devices (all Amazon Echos) have started asking “Sorry, what device?” every time any of us make a request. Repeating it exactly the same gets the job done. So I spent a great deal of time chatting with someone who told me that I would have to delete/rename all of my groups and then hard reset all my devices. This is not the first time I’ve run into this. Only before the echo devices simply didn’t recognize the group and did nothing. Now at least it gets it on the second que. Clearly there is something going on with updates. If you marry into the Amazon “smart” world be prepared for a lifetime of wedded grief and frustration.	1	May 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Fun and useful but doesn’t respond as well as the dots	3	May 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I preface my review with this information. I have been an avid echo device user since they were released and I've owned and setup dozens of these devices including the 1st, 2nd, and now 3rd gen 10 show. This new device has been so annoying and unsatisfying that we have contemplated ""gifting"" this thing to someone we don't like.To the review...we have this device setup in the kitchen, replacing the Echo Show 10 2nd gen.Pros: The screen is large and the speaker sound is good. This is where the pros end.Cons: I'll list a few of the cons but won't bore you with all.1. Despite numerous setup wizards and responding to feedback regarding the screen bumping into the wall, the screen continuously bumps into a wall that hasn't moved in the months since I purchased the device.2. Unlike previous models, this echo show doesn't listen very well. My family has to raise their voices so loud to get the attention of this device that other echo devices in the house respond instead of this one. You either raise your voice beyond what should be expected or you have to repeat commands each time you try to access the device.3. The camera follow feature is now more entertainment than usable function. The family enjoys watching the screen turn to the opposite of the room when we try to get the show's attention.4. The Live View camera connection to the Alexa App for iphone\ipad works only occasionally. For comparison, my Wyze cameras respond and can be viewed every time, in the Alexa app. You would think Amazon could get that right with their own app and hardware.Final words...If you have money to waste and are happy to be a beta tester for a product that isn't ready for production release, this is the device for you."	1	July 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have echo dot from 3 years ago and 2* Exho Show 5 that came with a package deal with Ring devices. Echo dot and Echo Show 5 worked well, nice voice recognition system and able to hear me across the room. Echo Show 10 I have to shout my command out to get a response, either location or microphone sensitivity is not as good as Echo dot or Echo show 5.Otherwise I like the larger screen, can actually see or read the display.	3	November 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	Second echo 10 returned first due to connectivity issues with my cellular phone and this second unit also will not connect to my cellular service, can't get any answers from cust service or geek squad to figure out may have to return this one as well unless someone can figure out issues	3	February 8, 2022	1
echo show 10	Love the idea but this isn't ready for prime time. I ignored some of the reviews that mentioned the lag/delay and other quirks but I really should have listened. The voice recognition is subpar compared to other Alexa devices, the screen sometimes goes rogue and moves on it's own when you don't want it to, and the touch reaction time is not great (sometimes requires several taps before reacting). I've troubleshooted it with tech support and resetting the device helps a little bit. We use it daily so I don't want to return it, just can't give it more than 3 stars until they fix the bugs.	3	October 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	Only had a few weeks and returned. Would be unresponsive at times and glitchy. The screen when it sets on you will be offset. Possibly could be fixed if they placed the camera in the middle. Speaker was great though. Picture quality was decent.	3	February 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	I bought this for two reasons, and the second reason supported and enhanced the first.1) zoom supportAnd2) The ability to follow you around while on said zoom call.It's not so much that it wasn't available yet, I knew that.It was when I asked their technical department and regular customer service when it WOULD be available, they had no idea when that would be.Since I was happy with my older echo show and only upgraded for the above reasons, I got a refund. If and when Zoom is available and if/when it's available, and it works as I need it to, I'll buy again.Honestly, it was my fault.  I should have waited until the actual capability was already implemented, done some research and then bought. I can get excited and want the latest and greatest, when I may not actually need it. So not Amazon's fault.	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	It is slow to react to commands.  It has to be reset a lot which is a pain because of how it plugs in underneath.  The function that it is supposed to react to your voice and turn to face you doesn't work very well and just feels like a gimick.	3	February 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	I was so excited for this, as we have I think 10 Alexa devices and love them. You would think since this is the high end one (at least at the time of purchase) it would be the holy grail. Um, no. I can be standing next to it and it won’t hear me. Then I raise my voice a bit and 2 other echos (pretty far away) hear me as well. Then everything gets all messed up. The one I’m trying to talk to will cancel out, the one in the other room will register, so then I have an alarm going off where I can barely hear it. So annoying. I’m constantly yelling frustrations at this one 😂 Extremely dissatisfied with this Echo & don’t understand how this model is so screwed up, when I have 1st gens that are so much better.	2	March 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is a good looking device but doesn’t work as well as the competitors. Alexa rarely understands it’s own advertised commands.  Which it insists on overlaying on every other screen.  But the biggest miss for this unit is that the photo screensaver mode doesn’t work reliably. It will run for about 10 minutes then get hung on one photo for the rest of the day.  Web searches to resolve this show that this has been a persistent problem for most for at least two years with no resolve. Seems like at its core this device is an overpriced digital picture frame that doesn’t deliver. It is definitely not a smart home dashboard. Keep looking if you intend to use it for that. It does have decent sound for music listening but so do most of their competitors.  Save your money because I doubt they will update this device to make it meaningful.	2	February 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	We bought this to replace an original Echo Show that died out. I thought getting this would be getting a top of the line option, but it's been anything but. Frequently, even though it's in the exact same spot as our old Show, this will not hear us. The times that it does hear us, it will misunderstand us WAY more often than any other Echo we have in the house. Also, since we end up shouting at it to hear us, I have noticed that very often the other Echos in our house will activate and start playing or set a timer in another room, which is something I don't remember ever happening with the previous Echo. I'm going to try and reset this thing to factory defaults again and see if that fixes anything, but to this point this thing has been a huge downgrade from the previous version.	1	September 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	I would give this 5 stars, but the first one I received quit working after one day, and I am already having trouble with the new one I received yesterday.  It started doing the same thing that the other one did, not turning on when saying the call word.  I was able to get it to work again, but am worried that I might  still have  trouble with it.  Also, the next day, after I had trouble with the first one, my other echo and my spot quit working and I had to reset them.  My first thought was that it was connected, as I have had both for quite a while, and never had trouble with them.  That said, when the echo 10 is working, I really like it.  I love the larger screen, the picture quality is good.  I also like that you can turn off the camera, and motion.	3	March 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really wanted this to work as described. It hardly ever hears us when we say (or yell) the Wake word, the voice motion tracking is completely off, and it hardly ever acts on what we say when it does hear correctly. Dropping in on other smaller Echo’s in the house is what I really wanted to use this for, but the delay is soooo long if it even connects.	2	July 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	Like the Alexa it was replacing it does not respond well to voice commands. All other Alexa’s I. The house work properly.	2	October 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’ve now had the Echo Sow for a few months now. Overall, it’s a decent product. But I’m giving it an average score for two main reasons. First, it seems to have problems picking up my voice or just does not respond, even when I’m standing next to it. My old Echo Dot in another room will sometimes respond when I’m talking to the Show. And second, I set up routines for the Show but they do not always run and this can happens up to 2-3 times a week. If these problems could be fixed, I’d give it a 5.	3	October 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	The device is very well built and the speak sounds good for music.  Voice pickup is lacking.  We use the device for video chatting with family during dinner.  The family on the other end say the voice quality is very poor unless you are the one looking directly at the device.  Something that is not possible during a common family discussion.	3	December 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	A much-lauded feature was announced in December of 2020 for the 2nd Gen Echo Show called Live Translation.  It worked great.  You could speak in English and it would not only display your text but would translate it into another language and display and pronounce the text.  It worked in both directions.  The new Echo Show was announced in February of 2021.  I assumed Live Translation would be included in the new 3rd Gen device, the Echo Show 10.  Sadly, I found after spending several hours with tech support, that they didn't implement the feature in the new Show.The screen and sound quality are very good.  My 2nd Gen Show has very good audio and this device is perhaps a bit better.	3	August 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	To be honest, it’s not something I feel was a good item for what it costs. If I want to play music, it tells me I have to pay for music unlimited and then proceeds to play something out of a playlist. It tells me the weather and it has a set of pretty pictures. But unless you NEED a thing that follows you around while you cook, and that you actually have the huge space it needs to move and not be close to ANYTHING… then it’s stupid to get it. The video calls? Your phone/tablet/laptop do the same thing without needing mooooore things. Your supermarket list? Unless you can take the damn thing with you, why tell it that you need something added? Just write your own damn list so you can take it with you.In the end, I find it was a waste of money.	2	February 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	Had high hopes for this to use to connect to older family members and just constantly getting “connection error” when swiping left to get to the menu. Works after logging out of the Alexa app but shortly thereafter, the error will appear. Half the time cannot connect to video to sweep the room since it displays offline, but is powered up all the time. Everything else works fine.	3	December 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	My echo 5 had no issue responding to me when I said “Alexa”. I feel like I’m yelling to get her to respond! So frustrating.	2	September 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Purchased this on Prime Day to replace my first generation echo. The speaker sounds about the same. The iOS is slow, and the 'motion' feature gets kind of annoying after a while. If you have more than one person in the room it may start following the other person.My biggest complaint with the device is the microphones. I have to scream at it to 'wake' and listen to a command. My echo dots in other rooms often complete the request before the echo show even registers I said the wake word.Cool looking device to have out, but definitely has room for improvement. I wouldn't recommend as is.	3	September 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	Esperaba más de éste equipo lamentablemente el reconocimiento de voz no funciona también como en el Echo Dot 3.  Lo otro que debe mejorar es el procesador para no tener problemas con las aplicaciones	3	March 6, 2022	1
echo show 10	My device doesn't rotate as advertised. I Googled my issue and Noone else seems to have the same problem.. I turn it on and off because apparently that's how the problem will go away...and no.. no motion. I wish there was some type of energy saving to this. Itry to live with my eco consciousness intact and having this device turned on 24/7 is making me rethink this purchase.. can't companies design the future thinking I. Terms of the environment? Otherwise it's everything that was advertised.	2	June 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	The speaker looks big but produces weak sound. I think the base is so large in order to hold up the large screen. The screen is much larger than the echo show 5. With that being said it does not give you any additional options (alway present calendar or note section)Tried to also use this as a monitor for my kids bedroom but everyone the screen motion took place ( follows you around the room) the connection to the video feed would cut out and lag. The most annoying part of this are the microphones. If you are playing any music just forget about it hearing you. You have to yell at this device to do anything.Sent this unit back and opted for the Echo Studio. Much better sound and no more frustration with microphones or screen.	2	March 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I listen to music a lot.  Half of the time for no apparent reason it stops playing in the middle of the song.  I asked Alexa why she stopped and her answer is ""sorry, I don't know that one"".  I also have an Echo 8, it has never had that issue.The feature of rotating to follow me is spotty at best."	3	December 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	Arrived with an entire line of pixels out.  Tried it out anyway.  It would turn away from you and set there.  Then you talk to it and the recipe that was on the screen disappears, bit it moves to face you again.  Returning because of the dead pixels, but would return because of it's function anyway.  Adjust takes up a lot of counter space.	3	December 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	Had it a few months. Now  , plays music randomly ,starts a conversation. Out of the blue, i have to scream at it for it to understand my commandI believe its possessed. My echo dot did not do the things this one does i liked the old one better.. i raised my children  i dont need another one..	3	January 3, 2022	1
echo show 10	"I bought this primarily for video calls and to watch videos while I cook in the kitchen. I thought it would be more like a tablet, but it's not. The interface is terrible. You have to know exactly what you want and exactly how to say it to Alexa. Can't easily browse for movies and TV like I can on my computer. I tried a Skype video call with my parents and it just kept disconnecting. Not sure if that was the fault of Alexa or the connection, but it was a bust. Then last night I tried to watch a movie and every time I said ""Alexa"" it said ""Sorry there was a problem"" and just sat there like the giant expensive paperweight that it is. I may keep it in the bedroom to use as a clock, or I may sell it and buy a decent tablet instead. But overall, I do not like it."	2	January 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	I've been using an Echo Show 5 for two years. While the larger screen is nice, this isn't a device that really brings enough utility to warrant the price. Unless you're a power user who is wanting to use this as a central hub for recipes and notes in their kitchen, there really isn't a standout feature that makes this worth the extra investment.	3	December 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	I love this Echo! So much fun!However, I gave it three stars for two reasons -The screen movement is not quite worked out, at least for me. It seemed to set itself to a weird angle that had nothing to do with where I placed it or where I was in the room. Resolved by turning off motion. Which doesn't bother me too much but it does sort of defeat one of its main selling points.And although many things I read said it's compatible with streaming services (ie Netflix), I can't figure out how to sync them, or any other streaming service it supposedly can show for that matter.I still get a kick out of it, I'm just a little disappointed by these faults as it certainly isn't cheap.	3	July 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	Software is slow and difficult to switch manually from different screen or running appI wish it worked more like a tablet on a speaker I keep it because it’s a gift but I would not otherwiseI am disappointed  when two device are in the same room	3	January 18, 2022	1
echo show 10	You know how when you buy something and it seems like a button is pushed somewhere in the universe, and you start having problems the day after your warranty expires?Well pull up your stirrup pants and get ready to experience the wide array of glitches that came with my Echo Show 10 including:Moving around on its own, for no apparent reason(even with motion disabled), wildly spinning in circles that would make Linda Blair from The Exorcist proud.Not following/listening to commands.Random timers going off.Randomly stopping music.Speaker crackling.Playing crap music that we would never listen to when asking it to play music. I feel that we play enough via Amazon Music that the AI should know what we like.Other than that, this is a nifty device to have for listening to the news, weather, playing music, and asking random questions.	3	May 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	"So Alexa for your day has completely soured me on the echo show. There is no way to disable it and turning off continuous rotation in the options (what amazon suggests to remove/reduce it) just makes it appear more. It's been going strong for the last 20 minutes as i add this update.Look I get that Alexa can do all kinds of stuff I don't need a dedicated slide telling me to ask different things. I won't be recommending or buying another echo show until something is done about it.Original review belowI'd say this echo show is just okay for the price. It is nice to have the 10"" screen in our kitchen to replace the previous 5"" show.I don't like how the screen feels unstable when you touch it or how the motion feature will place the screen off center because of the camera placement. I turned the feature off the first day I had it.Why is there a full screen slide called ""Alexa for your day"" that you can't turn off? It's like Amazon wanted a more annoying option than the ""try"" banner they put at the bottom of every slide. Ironically it's the only slide that doesn't include the ""try"" banner.Overall all I'm happy with the purchase but annoyed by the bloat especially at this price point."	2	April 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’ve held off doing a review on this but the time has come , all in all a big disappointment compared to previous models . The big change is the rotating screen which I have no use for so I turned it off after realizing it really doesn’t follow your voice as advertised yet every now and then I’ll come back into the room and the screen will have moved on it’s own. The volume is ridiculous one second you can’t hear it the next it’s blasting away at you. The model before this I had my alarm set loud and everyday functions much softer this one once you use the alarm all the volumes get turned up to 11 . So while not hard it is a nuisance having to change volume every morning. Older model if you set a reminder it stayed on screen for awhile so if you step away and miss it at least it’s still on screen reminding you the new one not so much reminds you then disappears off screen after a minute or two. Well the rotating screen is a nice idea like many things in this newer model they just aren’t implemented correctly12/20/21  not to pile on about this awful machine but now the volume randomly decides to go up or down on its own . I’d like to say it’s intuitive but really it’s just an awful product. Might be time to donate it and look for something new , it’s amazing how years of great products gets so easily forgotten when you get such a tremendous failure of a system	1	December 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	So much potential. Seems rushed.The follow mechanism will really only work with good lighting, so if it is late at night or early in the morning and you don’t want all the lights on, it will struggle. The voice follow mechanism seems to work maybe 75% of the time, which gets frustrating, especially when it overshoots you by a good 45+ degrees.Also, considering it is just a simple stationary tablet that swivels left and right only, Amazon clearly overpriced this thing. I only buy their devices on sale.All in all, just seems like a rushed product. I’m considering returning and just waiting until Amazon takes a bit more time and effort into the concept; or until Apple builds a better home ecosystem.	3	July 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s not as fast as they claim. Loads up real slow and I’m in 5G WiFi. Ask to play a video and some other app comes up and then it freezes. Did several reboots and resets. Was almost inclined to return it and get another one.	3	January 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	"As an early purchaser I expected some glitches, and was not suprised by some of the shortcomings of this device.First, DO NOT expect a senior parent to configure this device for use by themselves.  I am tech savvy, and this is a real pain to get running properly.PROS:Great soundGreat screenCONS:-The hardware is underpowered.  Calls lag constantly with great internet speeds.  Slow to answer and slow to respond to nearly every command.-Difficult to configure if you aren't already familiar with the Alexa world.-Motion and screen movement is sketchy.  It does not always face where it should.-Limited screen configs.  You cant change the clock background or really choose 100% what you want to see on the screen while its at rest.-Really awkward to use the touch screen.  The base does not provide the stability for a confident ""touch"" to choose options.-The device is constantly asking whether the motion was correct for the situation. This message stays until you press something to make it go away (or wait for a long time).-Since the device can be placed further away, the use of the touch screen should be more limited (ora at least react to a voice command).  I hate having to walk back across a room and press the screen to appease some question or request."	2	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	I the Amazon device to be much more difficult to get answers and much less knowledgeable. It constantly replies that it doesn't know the answer so then I ask Google. Amazon is better for making clear phone calls as it works with iPhone users.	3	January 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	I’m disappointed that you cannot get rid of the ads/news articles that pop up on the screen. One was about domestic violence, and pictured a man standing with a closed fist and a woman cowering hands over her head in a corner. My 4 year old son saw it while we were eating breakfast and said, “mom is that guy going to kill her? It looks like he is going to kill her.”Why can’t we just set it to show our pictures and remove the unwanted ads? If I want to be slammed with more politics or news articles I would just turn the news on. It is especially disturbing that there is not a way to opt out of that content and my kids risk seeing more stuff like that.What is the point in uploading photos to display on there if they are constantly switched with politics and news?	3	March 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	My old Show was reliable and responsive. The newest one is slightly hard of hearing and slow to respond. I find myself screaming at it.  Usually fails to follow my voice. Constantly telling me that it is on an unstable surface while sitting on a slab of black granite. My Show 10 capriciously changes its own settings almost daily.  Compared to my first one  , this one was much more expensive and , by comparison,  a disappointment.	3	November 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	So this thing is basically a audio only echo, with a screen. Its not a fire tablet and doesn't really want you to try to use it that way. It wants you to use voice for everything. One of its more weird/frustrating issues is, when it follows you, it doesn't exactly center on you. For me, it centers on me but too far to the left so I constantly have to grab it and swivel it back to being in front of me. I have checked the rest position and min/max rotation positions but its still not fixed. I assume Amazon will fix it but...Other than that, its loud enough and the screen looks pretty good. I'm glad to have a screen in the kitchen. I also wish you could cast to it as well.	3	July 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	With great hopes & expectations, I packaged up my old Show and shipped it to a family member. A most important feature, for me, was the ability of the new Echo Show 10 to remotely access its camera and get a live view of the inside of our home. Tirelessly, I’ve opened my phone app, selected Devices, chose Cameras, and then selected my brand new Echo Show 10. The accompanying photo shows what it’s response. This happens every time, without exception! I could live with its intermittent following, but this failure is inexcusable. My plans to subscribe to Amazon’s Guard Plus are out the window. If it’s not going to let me view the interior of my home, there’s surely no reason to waste additional money.Update (Same Day): Upon posting my review, I received an email regarding my problem. A call was apparently attempted but the phone only rang once & then my answering was not acknowledged. Nonetheless, I was given enough info to enable me to ultimately solve my problem. Better information, on the part of Amazon, could have enabled me to accomplish my goal without registering a negative review to begin with.I upped my rating from 1 star to 4. It’s definitely a good product, but far better instructions and help info would have prevented the frustration to begin with, and a 5 star rating might have occurred.Update: 8/29/21 My wife, who seldom listens to what I say, obviously hears better than Alexa. Song or videos begin when a command to turn a light on is giver, or she’ll ignore the amount of time stated when told to start a ten minute timer. It’s getting worse and worse, every day. If  didn’t have 13 echoes in the house, I’d be switching to their chief competitor.	1	April 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	I love my Alexa products but I have to say I’m a little disappointed in this one. The speaker sound is definitely subpar in comparison to the other models. The Alexa feature is frustrating; seems to have taken a step backwards in comprehension & cooperation.  It’s big, it’s bulky. One would think they could have found a better way to incorporate the motion feature without the big, bulky base to sit on your counter.The white cord is just tasteless and cheap-a glaring contrast against the sleek black color of the unit. My entire house is Alexa based , I gift all my family members with Alexa items. Alexa has been becoming progressively more annoying to use with any voice searches/ commands. I’llGive the next generation a try. Otherwise it may be time to move over to Google or all Apple products.	3	May 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s a good idea but it is one of the most unreliable devices I have ever owned. It keeps disconnecting from the internet. It does not reconnect by itself like every device should. You need to be next to the device to connect it. If you need it to watch your parents or put it elsewhere that is not your home. This is not it !!!	2	July 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition doesn't work well compared to my other echos and echo shows. My echo dots in other rooms pick up my command instead of this echo show 10 right in front of me.	3	February 19, 2022	1
echo show 10	The screen keeps trying to follow me around the room but yet can't figure out where I'm at and then ends up facing the wall instead of where it's supposed to, And it continually asks me if it's where it is supposed to be as far as the position of the screen.  I ask her a question and she gives me some totally off the wall answer or response not even close to what I asked. sound quality of the speaker is really good though.  Just like all the other ones it just needs tweaking and they'll bring out a different generation.	3	September 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Works pretty well and sounds great, but I often find myself having to repeat commands. My Echo in the next room has an easier time understanding me than the Show in the same room as me. I tried having it learn my voice voice a few times but doesn't seem to help much :/	3	December 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not sure if my device is defective, but every time i tell it to stop doing something it continues to do what it wants	2	September 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	Well, this has been very disappointing. I bought it in June 2021 when it first came out. I've had Echo Show 5s, Echo Show 8s, and now this Echo Show 10. First, the footprint is HUGE! It takes up so much space. The follow feature was initially nice and now it's just annoying as it no longer follows that well. The limited video options/skills have been the biggest disappointment. I don't really watch that many videos from Prime. Frankly, the quality of the shows is just meh. I'd much rather watch Netflix (which is available but glitchy) and HBOMAX (not available). The Silk browser is the WORST browser I've ever seen! I'd rather use EDGE! And that's awful! All in all, I would not recommend this version of the Echo Show. It's not worth the  $$$!	2	February 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	"While playing music, wouldnt recognize voice, volume button would not raise or lower (had to press multiple times with delays, states there was ""no internet"" while TVs where streaming. Kept facing towards the wall."	3	February 8, 2022	1
echo show 10	We like it very much but at times it don't respond, not sure why. The things we like are we can do grocery list as we go, which can look up at the store. We have added most of our appliances so now they are voice activated. I do wish I could look up pintrest acct to find recipes. But overall a good product.	3	December 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	"The concept is good, the execution not so much.  The Alexa does not track you.  It goes to the ""resting position"" and then sits there.  You have to say Alexa Follow Me and then it will find you one time, then reset to the middle.  No matter how much you move or talk, it stays put.  We have gone through the settings twice but it doesn't care.  Alexa is tired.  She just needs to be left alone apparently.  Oh, and she will just start talking about things without using the wake word (or anything that sounds like the wake word).  It seems each time we upgrade or update Alexa she gets worse."	3	July 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	"As far as I can tell, the only benefit this offers over a stationary show is the ""follow you"" motion...which doesn't seem worth the additional cost.  My bad for not doing enough research, but I thought it would have the same video functionality of FireTV.  It does have Netflix, Prime Video, etc., but I was hoping for more live TV and other apps (e.g., news).  You can use the Stream Player skill for some live TV, but not a comprehensive selection.  I wanted to use for recipe display in the kitchen and it seems OK for that, but only through some skills, and through the browser (which is how I'm having to access my Pinterest stuff...so it's just another workaround).  I think I will appreciate it when I'm not home and want to scan the room, but I have to figure out how to do that :)."	3	February 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	cannot stop alexa for your day screen popping up, I do not think the amazon alexa software development team actually cares that people hate that, maybe they can learn something from google from their nest hub software which was much better. All my dealing s with amazon from missing parcels to other things have been totally disgraceful and all they do is offer you a refund which I understand is easier than finding the thing you actually ordered, that what I just said is a comparison of two different areas of amazon which are equally disgraceful	3	September 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	"This was difficult to rate because it seems like a great product. However, I purchased it for a very specific purpose. My wife has recently lost her site and I was hoping this product would help her identify cans such as cat food. While it mostly recognized the brand, it inconsistently announced the type of cat food. Sometimes the type would display on the screen and Alexa would announce ""say details"". That worked ok. But other times would display the details but Alexa would not announce nor react to ""details"". Other times it did not accurately recognize the food at all. I tried the bar code but it could not recognize that either. On the plus side, it's very pretty and I'm sure if you sign up for the various data sources (music, recipes) it would be a great addition to the kitchen."	3	May 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Perfect little gadget for our home.  Useful!  Now, six months later, there's something wrong everyday.  No pictures displayed.  Then pictures displayed but no clock or temperature.  Next day, no voice commands going through.  I should not have to reset to factory settings with a product this expensive, especially as there have been no power outages, etc.  Just sat there working perfectly for six months.  There has been a problem with this every day this week.  Extremely frustrating, Amazon!	3	October 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	This is a great product and the vision is pretty good but turns out it is very buggy. The screens rotates while I am looking at it and talking and my child is making noise in another room. It turns toward the noise coming from the other room.Also if 2-3 people are standing in front of it, it gets confused where to turn and numbs and against the wall. In short the screen following is poorly implemented.The ability to recognize voice and understand the language is decent but has room for improvement especially for contextual situations.	3	September 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have had an Alexa device in every room since the beginning. I purchased two of the new Shows. I talk with family in other states every day. I purchased the new Shows because of the ability to move and zoom while video chatting. It does NOT work well. During a video call it’s constantly moving and zooming everywhere but where it should be. It constantly ask you if the camera moves to the right position when you say the start word. It completely interrupts the video call. I’ve changed the lighting as well as moved them around the room. It most certainly is not reliable. You can change the settings where it doesn’t move but then you lose the zoom feature. The bigger screen is great but I purchased both of them for a reliable video chat. They are not.	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	Its a slick looking device, but was not for me.Just the Cons:1) Form factor.  Because it is a swiveling/motorized screen attached to a speaker it needs to have a lot of room.  It did not fit anywhere in my kitchen that made sense, or looked good.  I immediately turned off the motorized turning of the screen - because I have no use for that.  I don't use alexa for phone calls.2) Software.  I don't know what the issue was but mine stopped recognizing voice commands after a few days.  I have 10+ echo/alexa devices and this is the only one that just ignored me.  In general the software was slow and sluggish.  I have a WiFi 6 mesh system and 1Gig internet ...The two cons, along with the Show 15 reveal, were enough to make me return it.  I don't return much ever - but in this case I didn't see myself enjoying using or having this device.I'll check out the 15 when its released.  Seems like it will be a better fit for my use case.	2	October 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I like the sound and quality etc. But it’s slow and glitches A LOT! And it is not easy to toggle between screens etc."	3	March 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	"1. If it even can see the lights on the network it still doesn't know how to turn them on and offa. ex. ""echo turn off the dinning room lights"" 'a few lights share the name dinningroom which do you want me to turn off?' ""all of them""/""both of them"" 'derp'b. ex. ""echo turn off all the lights"" 'I'm sorry I don't know how to do that'""echo turn off all of the lights"" '*all lights turn off*'2. echo keeps its screen on all the time and has no option to change any of that3. settings and options are pretty sparce for something that could be so versatile.a. like why can't I try and tune where the camera is looking when I speak to it?b. why can't I enable an ability to favor images so I see them morec. why can't I turn on and off the time the screen is active?4. why can't this version of alexa hear me over it self but the old one could?5. why is it hearing the wrong things? 12 does not sound like 106. why can't alexa tell the difference between me and someone else that I don't want to have access to my device? (i don't use it when the kids are around because they will be turning on and off the lights all day)7. why is the smart home tab so limited? why can't I change the color of my lights? or any other functionality. (doesn't feel very smart)8.  why does it feel like there is no support for their devices? it's like they just pumped it out and left us out for dry."	1	June 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don't care for this device very much since I purchased it because Amazon and Ring are in a partnership and I wanted something larger than my phone to view my Ring devices. When I linked my Amazon account to Ring, I lost my desktop version (which Ring is no longer supporting either). There's lots of wrongs going on between Amazon and Ring and I wish I had not wasted my money on either equipment.Alexa is fine to ask to run a timer, get weather and the like. The speaker is so-so and I find that the echo dot has better sound quality than the show for its size. Whoever made the decision to put a white power cord on black equipment should have their head examined. And Amazon, you need to make the power cord just a little longer.	3	March 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Nice big screen! Clear picture and good color. However, the rotating screen is a poor idea. A little spooky following you around and when you want it to follow, it doesn't all the time - especially in low light. Wouldn't buy again and should have waited for the next non-rotating model.	3	December 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have several dots that listen well and answer quickly. Simple questions like 56 plus 27 takes 3 asks before success.	3	March 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	The rotating screen rarely go back to home position, possibly a setting I can’t find. I have the same one prior to the swivel and camera feature and I think I prefer that one. I have 6 alexa devices in my house and 4 of them are the show (screen version) and this one is certainly smarter and more difficult to set. I’ve only messed with it twice but I guess I’ll have to actually spend time trying to figure this one out but at this point I have moved it from where I wanted it and put my other one back because I like the sound and picture display better. The camera works good, it has a great picture but only pans left and right not up and down. I would wait on getting this one until they have that feature.	3	March 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	The product seems a little half-baked. While the speakers are really great, but I'm having challenges in a few areas:- The voice detection seems to be worse (wakeup, as well as ongoing conversations), so its harder to communicate than the Echo Dots I had in the same place (could also be caused by us having multiple Echo devices now which causes conflicts, but can't be sure)- The screen is pretty much useless for our purpose - voice control doesn't work with Youtube, where we were planning to pull up most of the recipe and music videos- The follow-you motion is clunky, doesn't work half the time (hoping this will get better as the software improves)- The motor allows only circular movement, the angle of the screen still has to be set manually. What this means - once I set it at an angle needed for viewing when I'm in the kitchen (where this is set up), it becomes pretty useless to use the Drop In feature when I'm away from home and view the room, as the screen is pointing up at an angle.(I'm sure there are other use cases, like Ring doorbell integration, etc. where the screen might be more useful for people, but unfortunately not for me)	2	May 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	I mainly got this for the food network app. I don’t like how you can’t search for recipes. Got over that quick. I have my saved recipes. But I have to scroll through pages for them cause I have over 200 or 300 recipes. Why doesn’t it have the option to look at the boards I made, so I can easily navigate through my recipes.The screen also randomly turns black when being used. I was putting in my password for Hulu, and it just blacked out on me, and it kept doing that all night for different apps.My boyfriend walked by, and it turned to follow him, instead of staying on me.The sound isn’t that great. It doesn’t bother me, but if it’s going to be one of your selling points, my phone shouldn’t be able to be two times louder.	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Motion availability not available due to low light at dawn and dusk ! Actually before dusk when plenty of light is there! Speaker doesn’t have good bass like echo show 2nd generation! At $250, this should be way better, Amazon !Otherwise good camera, good screen!	2	July 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’ve owned several generations of Alexa devices and while I was so excited for this one, the voice recognition is lacking. It is also not as intuitive as you would expect from an Alexa.	3	January 22, 2022	1
echo show 10	So having been through all the Echo products, this one is the latest purchase, and the most expensive.  The Sound and picture quality are incredible, but the follow feature can be a little moody, and not always accurate.  It takes some getting used to the device following you when you move, and fortunately you can limit the feature to certain activities such as calls, or turn it off entirely.  The screen size and sound are in and of themselves worth the purchase.  The follow feature however, needs a little improvement.  Also, placement is limited to areas where the screen can rotate 180 degrees, so corners and tight spaces will not allow the follow feature to work properly.  Pairs nicely with my RING doorbell so i can see who is at the door.	3	April 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Screen quality is good. Voice recognition is good but you need to be pretty loud. Wish it was compatible with Ring. Would be helpful if it could access your phones contacts	3	January 31, 2022	1
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Tengo un Echo show 8 que me gustó mucho su calidad de audio y respuesta rápida por parte de Alexa a mis peticiones, un micrófono que tiene una buena sensibilidad, al comprar el echo show 10 3° generación esperaba que mejoraran estos aspectos (sobre todo por la diferencia en costo) mi decepción ah sido grande, incluso concidere devolverlo. Problemas de audio como muestro en el video, la calidad no supera al echo show 8 incluso los bajos suenan mejor teniendo una bocina pasiva vs una dedicada del echo 10, problemas con la conexión wifi 2.4 hz, solucione el problema del audio con la conexión 5G, la respuesta al cargar en la nube tarda más y la gran desilusión es que desde mi app Alexa del smartphone no he podido ingrasar al live view video, sin mencionar los problemas por ubicación geográfica. Realmente espero que estén trabajando fuerte en Amazon para mejorar por firmware estos aspectos ya que el producto podría ofrecer mucho más."	3	April 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	Very disappointed this is my seventh echo show Alexa and I never had an issue until this recent one where it does not follow commands it does stop not stop when I make a request it ignores my command when I am attempting to intervene when I request it to stop it continuously stays in the last program ignores request for my added skills constantly continues to talk when Ask to do any command . I have had to restart several times just to get it to follow commands or play a tune or make a command it ignores my request I am very very disappointed in this set up. I had the first second third and fourth generation I have purchased echo show  and echo speakers for friends and family and have never been as disappointed as I am now big waste of money totally useless	1	September 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I primarily use my Alexa shows to watch TV/videos. Ever since getting my latest edition, now all of my alexa products seem to not work. Its very disappointing as Alexa has been my favorite to use and I want it featured on all my devices.	3	December 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	Difficult to setupUsually points in your general direction, but not alwaysUser interface needs to improveSubscription was not explained when I purchased the deviceThe original echo works more reliably	3	January 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Just received my new Echo Show 10s.  Aside from the horrible packing materials (non-existent) I've just come to the unfortunate confusion that the Echo AI team has no clue how humans interact with devices like these.Here's an example:""Alexa, show me TV shows"".  (a tv show list appears.  Endeavour is 1.)  Now the fun begins:""Alexa show me episodes of Endeavour"".  Echo begins playing Journey.""Alexa show me Endeavor Season 06"".  Echo brings up a random list of albums.""Alexa open number 1 (tv list showing)""  Echo loads the Endeavour TV show page.  ""Alexa open Season 06"".  Echo loads random list of Albums.""Alexa show me Season 06 of Endeavour"".  Echo starts playing Endeavor Season 03 Episode 02.""It goes on like this for 10 minutes.  Nothing you do will direct you to an episode list or play the correct episode of the show.The Echo AI is extremely frustrating and that is why these devices will remain a glorified alarm clock and users will wish that Amazon had not locked Google out of the Amazon store so we could have bought Google devices.  At least that AI works.I have spent way too much money now on this platform and the lack of a quality experience is super frustrating.  It's absurd that you can be in a TV show and not ask it a simple ""Show me season 06"".  The device has the context it simply does not have the smarts.  It's been how many years now?  How is it that we are still struggling to get the device to do the simplest of tasks?"	1	March 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Constantly trying to get Alexa to understand commands, screen freezes up. Still learning how to use it, so I’ll see how I feel in a couple weeks.	3	February 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	Unfortunately the microphone is not very sensitive. My Alexa dot’s microphone is excellent	3	April 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	Pros: Good screen, reasonably fast, great integration with smart home devices and Amazon services.Cons: bassless audio, screen tracking is twitchy and constantly displays movement error messages overtop of screen content.	3	January 26, 2022	1
echo show 10	Was not impressed with this Alexa. It kept recalibrating. It takes a lot if space to store it.  I have never had problems with my previous Alexa’s. But this one… drove me crazy.	2	August 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Alexa is having trouble comprehending some of the things I ask. I use whisper mode at night when going to sleep. Alexa responds in whisper mode then again in the regular mode. Echo usually has a response even if to tell me she doesn't understand but several times now I get nothing .... crickets. I have not tried any troubleshooting yet. We'll see. And the white cord??? No! I just recently purchased the ""ball"" echo... same thing white cord! Everyone was complaining about it ... guess they are not listening. I do like the screen but come to find out i don't really need the swivel so it's irrelevant for me. I'm sure that will come in handy for others. Honestly comparing my first gen Show with this one I can say I was fine with my old one."	3	February 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	This is a great product with potential. The motion sensing and linking to ring products is a bit “buggy” but the visual and audio experience is very nice.	3	February 4, 2022	1
echo show 10	I was so excited for a new show! We were still using the 1st gen. But the execution on this update is beyond lame. My number one complaint is the microphone. Compared to the 1st gen, this one can't hear me half the time. So much for tracking. She can't track my voice. If I'm not right up to the screen practically yelling at it, it doesn't hear me.Then the motion controls are janky. If I'm dropping in on someone, the screen is always off center. I assume this is because the camera is on the side instead of center. If I try to move the screen to center it, it freaks out saying I've bumped it and I need to recalibrate motion. Honestly, I've just turned motion off. It annoys me that bad.The speaker is improved but it's got this big screen blocking it. So if you have it up against a wall or corner, your sound is muffled by the wall and the screen. You never get to experience that 360 sound.Good picture. Camera is good. Connections are better. The cord is... White for a black unit?! Whatever. For the price, I'm just not impressed. I half want to unplug it and go back to my first gen.	2	March 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Purchased Echo 10 with camera 60 days ago today. Camera is useless as Echo Show 10 now will not connect to wifi at all. Two months of frustration with zero help from Amazon. Zero.55 minutes on phone with Amazon Customer Service today - after wasting hours and now weeks of trouble shooting, incl Amazon's internet ""solutions"", internet provider's service tech on site to check 4 month old router, following multiple router & Echo resets. All other wifi dependent devices (tv,s, phones, computers, etc) work perfectly. The past week the only screen that shows up is ""cannot connect, unsecure network..""Not true and after another wasted hour with an Amazon rep earlier today, I was told it is eligible to be returned. What the hell.Response from Amazon (""we do not replace or repair for wife issues,"" (even if it is obvious it is connectivity issue inside the Echo 10 ???) ""but I will note the problems on a ticket"".it is not an internet issue. It is an Echo Show 10 issue that is on it's way to the lobby of our building with a sign on it."	1	June 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	The only thing the device seems to do well is spy on me. I talk about anything I get adds for that product It does that well. When I ask it for answers to things I can easily search for on Google, either it does not know, or it gives me answers that I know where written by some bleeding-heart liberal grad student who hasn't lived life yet. The indoor camera that I thought would work like a security camera does not. When I ask to see the weather radar, it always takes 3 attempts. No matter how many attempts to keep it connected to my Google thermostat it fails. I wish Elon Musk would sell one. I'd buy it. kind of a letdown. Not any better than the echo 8.	2	February 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have Alexa scattered about the house. I have the Echo-10 in our kitchen. Honestly, this was put in the kitchen to help with recipes. This sounds dumb, but I need a comfortable chair to sit at the counter! So more will be coming...	3	December 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	I was super excited about getting this product but it that quickly turned into frustration. The screen rarely responds to touch when you try to use it as a touch screen. The Alexa in my other room will recognize what I'm screaming into this one while this one repeats the wrong things back to me. Hulu doesn't work with this, although you can download the app and open the main screen you can't start any shows. The app will just force close. For pros, the speaker is awesome and so loud, the picture quality is amazing. The feature of it following you is great in theory but sucks when you live in a house with multiple people who keep walking back and making it turn constantly until it malfunctions. The cover over the camera is a neat feature. Hopefully they come out with an update to make this thing as awesome as I thought it would be.	2	December 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	I tried to get it follow me and unless i turned every light on in the house it would not work. So much for a smart device kind of dumb. I should not have to run up my electric bill so this could work!	3	December 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	The concept was very cool. Not very easy to sync two together.For the price picture and screen quality should be much better.	3	February 25, 2022	1
echo show 10	Ever since I've purchased the Echo Show 10, It felt very low quality. I am not sure if this was a refurbished product but it did not meet my expectations. The device felt extra slow for a 3rd generation product; The touch screen is not always responsive. The settings menu freezes a lot; Sometimes it crashes and goes to idle or Screen Saver mode while I'm in the middle of interacting with the menu. It is not consistent with announcements, especially when someone is at my front door; Also the Camera does not always show an image of the front door. The front camera does not always recognize me (male) from everyone else in my house (all Women). I thought a New software update may be able to help but it was worst. The Unit Does not work with multiple compatible Bluetooth Speakers as promised.Amazon Please Help!!	1	August 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	I wanted to use this as a baby monitor with my wyze camera. It worked well but at night when we were watching TV with the lights off, it would not be able to find and turn toward us. It would be really helpful if you could ask it to rotate clockwise 30 degrees etc. Pretty lame that you can't play YouTube videos on it (on a native YouTube app) for that kind of price. It would also be nice if it could tilt up and down ON ITS OWN. I know you can manually tilt it up and down, but when I transition from walking around my kitchen to sitting in my living room, it would usually lose me as soon as I sat down.	3	June 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I use to have a fire HD tablet in my kitchen with the Alexa screen as the default.  It allowed me to use any app from the Amazon store and display it.  Including using a better browser and installing app from recipe places, etc.  This doesn't appear to allow you to do anything except put Alexa skills.  So the screen is nice, but it's not really a replacement for a Fire HD in Show mode.	3	September 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	This product should come with a owner's manual on how to use setup and integrate with your other Alexa devices for you to get the proper capabilities out of this devices	3	January 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	For the price, I expected A LOT more. First I turned the camera off because the offset camera couldn’t seem to follow me. When my husband and I were in the room, it couldn’t decide who to follow even though only one person was speaking. This is a feature that drew me in so it’s disappointing.The apps seem glitchy. I connected Spotify and asked Alexa to play music. It repetitively played a 10 second intro and kept saying  “something is wrong” when cued to stop. I had to restart it.We connected our Ring and it doesn’t show notifications. Yes, they’re turned on.In had hight hopes for this, but I’m not so sure how it’s going to pan out now. May have to keep the old Google around for back up.	3	March 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	"UPDATE (after 7 months): It doesn't comprehend anything now, and only responds with ""The motion is now turned off"", even though the motion remains in use.UPDATE (after 2 months of ownership): The microphone is getting worse and worse after such a short amount of time. The amount of times I have to repeat myself are growing, and as I get louder the superior microphone on the 4th Gen Dot IN ANOTHER ROOM picks up my voice better than the Show sitting in front of me. The worst is when I ask the Show to play a song and it mishears me entirely and plays something completely different, so then I try to correct it and because music is playing the Show doesn't pick up my voice but the Dot in the other room does, so now I have music playing on 2 devices.I like the device, but my biggest complaints are one of privacy and one of usability. My Show is on an island where the swivel feature is useful, and it's clear the swivel feature points in the direction of sound and then uses the camera to pinpoint location. If I turn the camera off, the whole feature is disabled, even though the sound-based swivel could still function perfectly fine.Second, there's no indication on the device that Alexa was activated and is listening except the screen itself. Sitting on the couch has been the biggest issue for this as I'll say her name several times before I'll just assume she's listening because the screen won't face my direction. I'd have appreciated a light around the base the same way the new Echo Dots are designed."	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	"We have Echos throughout the house.  The OG 'tube', several of the hockey pucks, and the Gen 1 Show.  This is by far the worst one.  You can be talking directly to her, with virtually no other noise, and she can't hear ""Alexa"".Heaven forbid, she's trying to wake me up with an alarm in the morning.  I'm literally screaming at her before she hears me.  Every other device in the house has made the ""I heard you"" chime, but not this one.As far as sound quality, both input and output, the original tube was the best.  Followed by the pucks, then the original Show.  This one comes in last place.Update - 2022-04:A while back I was contacted by someone at Amazon.  I guess they didn't like my unfavorable review.  He gave some suggestions that made sense.  We renamed this Show to answer to Echo, thinking maybe the others in the house were hearing it instead.  That had virtually no effect, other than frustrating my spouse who couldn't remember which one is called which.  The rep also offered to have their support dial into our Show to try troubleshooting.  I mean, this is intrusive enough as it is.. I don't really want some rando from Amazon having more access than they already do.  Anyway, this thing still can't hear me to turn off the alarm, and has to have her name called more than my kid before it responds.  I'm still very disappointed."	1	September 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	Its very slow, it freezes a lot I reset it did everything you can do.	3	March 12, 2022	1
echo show 10	So lots of issues. Biggest one is my home screen is blank most of the time. I set the back ground to all the different choices and it still remains blank.  Sometimes I get the pages cycling.  If I am on a drop in call, i cannot stop timers or alarms etc...  I use alarm.com and most of the time when I ask for lights to be turned on or off, it says alarm.com does not support that device.  When I say turn on kitchen, it has nothing to do with that skill.  The screen wont stay facing me. If I try to move it so I can see it better, it always drifts off to one side or the other.  If I ask it where are my orders it goes mute on me.  If I ask it what time my alarm is set for it says your alarm is set for... then nothing.  Now my old echo show didnt do this. My echo doesn't do this. My dots dont do this.  I'm hoping at somepoint the device will be updated but until then I am not a fan	2	May 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	I loved that she moves and calls by video my other friends. I also love to Be able to see the camera of my home and talk to my son if I need however it often has an orange line that doesn't allow us to restart the machine. I had to send it back	2	June 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	I thought I’d enjoy this product because I’ve owned Alexa speakers but my biggest pet peeve with this Show is it won’t sleep after ten minutes. I don’t like walking into an empty room and seeing the screen on. Very annoying. I hardly use the Alexa show because of this reason. I purchased 3 and they all do this.I know I can say “screen off” but when there’s supposed to be a sleep setting, I’m expecting the device to eventually sleep when not in use.Also, It would be great if this device had the cast option.	1	October 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Here is why I hate it - it hates me. The Echo 10 does not respond to your content preferences in any way.It hates me, it hates the things I like, and it will hate you too. No matter what you select for content on your Home screen the Echo 10 will continue display whatever it wants. The content on the Echo 10 is presented as something you control. That is not the case. Deselect all you want. Echo 10 knows better. You glance at it and there is a wonderful story about cancer. Covid. A plane crash. Non-stop political gibberish. I know when I forked over my money I was hoping to be pestered constantly with political nonsense ""curated"" by Amazon.WHAT? You don't want constant questionable news reports? You turned them off? Tough. You are going to see one absurd news story after another. Not interested in recipes? Sports? Gossip? The Princess Diaries? You told the Echo 10 you would rather not have hundreds of covid reminders all day long? Sorry. You don't want to see Kathy Griffin's face 20 times an hour? Too bad. You are going to see these things against your will. This device does not respond to anything to choose (or un-choose) for content on it's display. The Echo 10 is a bully, it's Big Brother, and it seems to be intentionally designed to annoy you until you return it for a refund.Also, before buying this box of junk, check out the Amazon forum dedicated to the countless problems it has.https://www.amazonforum.com/s/topic/0TO4P000000NTHnWAO/allnew-echo-show-10-3rd-gen?viewMore=4"	1	August 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	This was a good product but every time I talk to it even though I adjusted the motion on it it would turn the opposite way, it might’ve been defective	3	January 13, 2022	1
echo show 10	First, what do you notice in this picture?  A black device with a white cord, why... 🤦🏻‍♂️.The camera is on the right of the screen and not centered which means when it tries to turn to face you it doesn't compensate for the camera placement so the screen faces away from you slightly.  Could be a hardware or software fix.Also, a larger issue with Shows in general is that you can't control what is shown on the display nearly enough.  It rotates through a few options but I would find it far better to have a static dashboard of tiles that could be selected and rearranged.  No one stands there to watch it rotate through.  That means when I want the weather at a given moment I have a 1 in 6ish chance of being lucky enough to see it when I glance.  Same with the time, same with the news, maybe I get lucky but probably not.  Please push a software update to all Shows to add more control and configurability.Google added a dashboard concept recently to Next Hubs but Amazon could one-up them by making it configurable.	2	May 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Good not Great... The show is my 4th Echo Device. Sound quality is very good. Screen quality and picture quality all great. The biggest downside so far continues to be the software. It does not respond to voice commands. Inevitably if I am standing 5ft from the Echo Show, the device on the other end of the house responds to the command and says “I’m sorry, I don’t have video ability”. Love all the other features but if they are in accessible by voice, it defeats the point of a voice assistant. The Alexa app remains garbage when trying to use anything outside of the Amazon ecosystem. All I am going to keep the device, but it is going to end up being a $250 picture frame and Bluetooth speaker.	3	March 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have 16 echo, taps, shows (every size), car units, etc. I am obviously a big fan. But many of the reviews are right, this one has some bug problems. If the price where not so much, I suppose I could live with these.The primary reason I got this was so I could look around my house when we are gone. When I got it, this feature did not work. I am not sure why. One of the other reviewers said it was because you have to have a subscription to Home Gaurd. If so, that is pretty misleading.You can’t touch the screen without it saying it has disable the motion. That is odd.And, as many others have said, it is off-center in the way it follows you. That could easily be fixed.I just think they pulled the trigger too early here. I wish I would have waited.The speaker seems to be about the same, maybe a LITTLE better, than the echo show 8 (my personal favorite. I have bought 10!)Anyway, I would say for those new to the Echos, this is going to be really cool and just a little confusing.	2	March 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bought this to replace an earlier version that seemed to be acting up a lot. Unfortunately the issues did not go away with new model. Alexa repeats your request but then does not do it. Once she goes to program you requested to watch it is on pause so you have to issue another command. Picture sometimes flickers for a bit ( old one never did this) and just drops out while your watching ( old one never did this either). The moving screen is nice if your the only one there, although it does have a problem now and then lining up on you. Sound is a bit problematic, as the Alexa voice can be loud, but then the program volume will need to be turned up. Will play with controls and see if there is a setting to resolve this. Otherwise, I expected better but will keep it. I like that I can adjust tilt of the screen! UPDATE: my wife and I both are very frustrated with Echo Show, both our older one and the new one. We use it in our dining room and watch news or listen to music. Now we can tell Alexa, “Lets watch Fox News on Hulu” and it will acknowledge and either do nothing or look like it is and then just go back to home screen. Oh yes, we reboot to no effect. The wife would listen to music but then it would not change volume when asked or even stop when requested. It now has been unplugged and I am looking at just installing a small TV that we can just use a remote for. Very disappointing.	1	April 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	It won’t respond sometimes even I am close to the device. Also, there is a second delay to respond after calling Alexa. Display should have been full hd instead of hd. Motion is good.	2	July 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I'm a homeschooling mom of 5. It's never quiet in our house.After trying this out at home, I just can't get behind it. I assumed it would be pretty easy to navigate, even with noisy children. I was wrong. The motion sensor was slow, and didn't sense me very well, even with trying different tilt angles.Alexa was a pain to set up. We have an Echo Dot, and that was simple. The Echo Show is just a pain to get set up, and we bought the ""ready to go"" one.I'd recommend this for people without young children in their home 24/7, who have time to learn more than just ""Alexa, what day is it?"", or ""Alexa, play Pandora"", kind of commands.We returned this and I don't feel sad in the slightest."	2	December 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	It never seems to hear or understand me. My older generation which was also used in the kitchen worked so much better.	3	February 10, 2022	1
echo show 10	"Replaced a version 1 Echo Show in the kitchen with this. The screen is nice, the sound is nice, but it constantly misses what I am saying, even if there is no other noise.  Add some background noise in the kitchen and this thing ignores me like a tween.Watching it chase me around the room when someone else is talking is like watching a cat chase a laser pointer, but not funny when I am reading a recipe or watching a video.It loses connection with my echo Clock every other week. This most recent time it won't connect to it again (yes, fresh batteries in the clock)I'm going to try to trade it in for the new 15"" or see if I can get a better model of this one..."	2	January 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	The motion can't C me correctly it's always off-centered and it is slower than the Alexa show 8 which is way much snappier all's I got was a bigger screen and some better speakers it should be a Snappy is the Alexa show 8 but it is slow but if you don't mind the slowness then it's okay	2	June 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	Nice. Screen is good rotations is ... ok and not consistent.  I expect some of the voice commands to be as good or better than earlier (alexa)echo products .  I dont expect to stop a program to change the volume by request. Welcome to being forced to do so. May be a small item, but very aggravating.Havent been able to get video communication to occur to 1st gen screen system.	3	September 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	So if you want to video call someone, you can’t like FaceTime them. You have to call Alexa device to Alexa device so if the person you want to call doesn’t have an Alexa device with a screen they can download an app but the video quality is weak and hard to explain to someone why they need an alexa app to FaceTime. I hope this can be fixed in the future with and update or something because other than that I like the device but definitely don’t use it as much as I thought I was going to.	3	July 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not working right after one year and two days after purchase. I can't wait to see if I got the insurance?	3	January 31, 2022	1
echo show 10	I’m quite disappointed in the Echo Show 10 3rd generation.  For $250. you should be able to see the screen.  My screen is barely visible.  We live in the south and keep our blinds closed to block out the sun. This gets you a barely visible screen. I tried contacting support and it was poor to say the least.  After I gave my information (three times) I was sent to the “tech” person.  No luck there because I was required to pay $1. to talk with someone.  I believe there would have been extra charges.  There’s something wrong with this whole thing.  No screen, no tech support, no wonder most of the reviews are not positive.	3	March 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	En general es un buen producto, me decepcionó la potencia del sonido, esperaba que fuera más fuerte	3	February 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	I was really excited about the new echo show that moves with you, as I've been using Facebook Portal for my meetings since work-from-home started a year ago, and I loved the follow-you mode, so when the new echo show came out, I was expecting it to be an upgrade. However, echo show was a complete disappointment.1. Horrible motion detection: The camera does detect me when I move, but it has problems centering around me, so a lot of the time it either moved too far, or not far enough. It was a very jarring experience. Also, when i use the touch screen, the screen moves as well, which makes the touch experience and the viewing experience unbearable in this scenario.2. Latency. If I were the PM of the product, I would probably not allow this product to ship based on latency issue alone.  Its horrible latency is not only so bad on the touch screen, but is also reflected in the slow response after giving a voice command. It's just embarrassing how slow the device is.3. Horrible Alexa App -- The app has gone through redesign so many times, but it's just getting bulkier and bulkier, and is extremely difficult to use. Finding the feature I need in the app is like locating a piece of standing desk in the IKEA store (But at least you got friendly store staff to ask at a IKEA store).I would definitely NOT recommend people to buy this product, at least not just yet. It's too much like P0 product that's long way to go to be ready.	1	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I so wanted to use this device as a smart home hub to control all of my connected devices. It’s about 50% of what I wanted. First, in the smart home tab, I can’t view all of my devices. My ""works with Alexa"" window blinds and TVs which are grouped with my lights and the echo show are nowhere to be found, even though they appear and can be controlled in the Alexa app no problem. Second, I wish there was a way to “pin” my Smart home devices in a given group to home screens so I can always easily operate the SH devices from any Home Screen.  Alas, not quite ready to be a complete replacement for control 4."	3	April 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	I've had this since it came out and the video and hearing issues are getting worse over time. It sounds great as a music speaker but video calls are getting worthless. The video freezes or the sound is choppy. The motion randomly decides to spin around and loses focus on the speaker. My old first version show was much more dependable. All I want is a standstill 10 inch screen that works as intended. I don't want to hang it on the wall and 8 inch is too small. My parents are having the same issues so it is not just me. Very unhappy with this pricey device. And yes. The black unit came with a white cord. Flippin ridiculous.	1	September 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	Device is super buggy. It gets stuck on screens. Won’t show Ring footage. Plays a slideshow of your pictures one day and then never again. Not smooth to use at all. Disappointing	3	December 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	If you have the 2nd generation, don't upgrade to the 3rd generation. The sound quality is not much better (if at all) than the 2nd generation show. The screen is also not leaps forward either. Once the novelty of the  screen rotating gets old after a few days, there is not much need to pay for this. Fortunately, one can tell Alexa to switch it off. I bought this for the better sound but that's not there, despite what the early influencers were trying to stress. Im not happy that the screen juts out so far; I prefer the 2nd generation (or the google hub max) that sits close to the body.EDIT: after living with the new Show for a few months now, it has really been a huge disappointment. Camera doesn't track correctly, sound has not been improved over the Gen. 2, Alexa recognition just sucks now (never was as good as the Gen. 2. If possible, I would get the earlier Gen. 2 and skip this dog off an improvement. Please Amazon, let us see what playlists are available or at least what playlists it is choosing! So frustrating after a brilliant start!	2	March 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	"This is the 8th echo product I've owned. I've been using it for the past 2 months. I love the design. Its a perfect size for the kitchen and picture/sound quality are excellent. That said, I am disappointed daily when I use it. The device is very sluggish or completely NON-responsive to either touch or voice commands. I use Silk regularly (amazon's web browser). It hangs where I can I can not shut it down by voice or it won't take touch commands. My disappointment continues to grow in Alexa's responses when asking for help. Yesterday I attempted to set a timer to shut off a light. ""Alexa, turn off the kitchen light in 30 mins"" --- Nope. It happens immediately. Then I asked, ""Alexa, can you shut off a light after 30 mins?"" Nope. Response ""Which light do you want? You have many devices with light."" I'm very close to pulling the plug and selling off all my Amazon devices and moving to Google. If you haven't made the investment, I'd strongly advise doing your homework."	2	September 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	This could have easily been a 5* product but like many things these days it is ruined by its built in and unchangeable extreme left leaning political bias. It will constantly show you anti-gun, lgbtq, anti american news stories, etc. This would be fine as a default whatever, but the deal breaker comes in the fact that you literally cannot make the $250 device you paid for show you your preferred news source. There is no way to say “stop showing cbs”. Only can remove one story at a time and then it will immediately bring up yet another left biased media company. I understand theyre all biased but I would at least like the ability to choose instead of being forcefed crap by a device I paid for. I unplugged it, its going in this summers yard sale. Also worth noting that this is especially prominent on the devices with screens however there is also an extreme left bias in Alexa itself as well. To me these features make this product unusable.	1	June 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	As others have said in their reviews: Since the camera is on the right the screen is always to the left of you. Not centered on you. The white cord is also a problem with the black echo. Cannot get my rstp camera feeds to work (using skill Monocle) They work just fine with my original show and my show 2nd gen. Support has been no help. all they want you to do is reset then factory reset. Neither of which works. Maybe they will get these bugs worked out. I like the device in my kitchen. Guess that is what we get as early adopters.Update. I think this is going back to Amazon. Maybe they will work out these bugs but support was no help.	3	March 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s kinda neat but way worse than an iPad.  If you want a mobile device that isn’t mobile and has limited compatibility, buy an echo.  Seriously though, it’s fine but voice recognition is at as is the follow capability.  Works okay with Prime Video.  Does not seem to work with non ring camera doorbells (not mine anyway).  Does not work with YouTube TV and many other media services…hopefully that changes.  All that said I think my wife likes it and listens to the music and watches shows while doing things in the Kitchen	3	July 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really tried to love this. I pre-ordered three months early and was SO excited when it was delivered. Ultimately though, it was not functional. The screen is like an old-school touch screen (hard pressing to get it to respond, poor responsiveness in general). Navigation is clunky and unintuitive. I could not figure out how to get to anything using the touch screen, and ended up having to ask Alexa to do everything for me. The turning of the screen was also very clunky. It followed me around the room but often turned much too far or not far enough. The speaker sound was fine, but nothing amazing. Essentially the entire device is fine but clunky. Certainly not worth $250 to me.	3	April 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought the remoplus doorbell that alexa supposed to be able to work with but echo show says camera does not work with this device.  Echo show won't be able to show me who is at the front door.  I could hear noises from the outside, but no video.  Also you have to subscribe to music channels.Other than that, it worked fine.	3	September 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really wanted to love this device, this is why I preordered. I planned to use this to record videos to upload to my Youtube channel but the recording time is limited to 59 seconds🙄. The drop-in feature that's supposed to allow you to drop in on your home to view a live stream of what's going on in or home doesn't work. I called customer support after performing a manufacture reset and initiating a manual update. Customer service told me the there was an update coming I should just wait 30 minutes and the update would happen automatically. Not true for me. I had to physically initiate the update. I'm considering returning this one and wait for the issues to be rectified.	3	March 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not as good as I had expected. I was so excited about this, but have contemplated many times sending it back. Not really worth the amount of money that I paid for it. My Echo Dots work much better than this. It has a hard time recognizing voices and doesn't seem to mesh well with my other Alexa devices. This is the only device that I have that has issues when I speak to it. I wouldn't recommend...The sound is good and the screen works great, just not very compatible with the other devices and has a really hard time with voice recognition.	3	June 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	I had an older echo show that I traded in for some money off this current version.  It’s not much of an upgrade in my opinion.  It’s okay but just okay.  Still has the same flaws and glitches as previous models except the screen spins around and tries to find you.  You’ll end up closing the lens lol	3	October 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	I tried using camera when I wasn't home to check in on my home, wanted to use the motion to check around and the live camera wouldn't work. I tried all weekend and just a stupid message saying the live camera isn't available.  That really sucks! The drop in works but can't move the device around with drop in. 👎 The speaker is great and picture quality is clear.  I'm not sure if I will keep this device yet, hopefully the problem I have with it gets fixed before I decide to return it.	3	July 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	3 estrellas porq la interfaz no es muy buena no se que App trae mi echo 10	3	February 5, 2022	1
echo show 10	Great first try on an extremely innovative idea. Unfortunately, as with all echo shows, the chip that powers the “screen” is very underpowered. Time and time again, the screen has frozen when trying to swipe through photos. This caused the Show to reboot several times.The motor that swivels this thing is absolutely silent. Follow mode is a bit unreliable, but super helpful when needed.	3	September 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	Only had for a couple weeks but the base issue is voice recognition.  3 feet away and must raise my voice to get attention.  Also screen moves away from me even though I set it up to be in the original position.  Really like the screen size but I only use for casual viewing and questions.  When awake, most of the time it does not follow me as I walk away from it.  If it wasn't for the screen size, I would return.	3	July 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Very informative when asked but doesn’t open up security camera at times	3	February 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	When videos on YouTube or Netflix are played, the sound is not played on other paired echo. This is disappointing. Alexa still misinterprets what is being asked or commands from adults or kids. Screen definition could be better. Motion follow up lags a bit and not centered to the user - I noticed the screen is usually facing a few degrees to my left so I have to tilt my head so it is centered.	3	August 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	"The lack of customization, features and uneven sound quality made this my most regretted purchase. You'll have zero control of what screen Alexa will stick to as it's main screen, I want to look at the weather but i'm forced to look at ""Alexa for your day"" fifty times instead. It takes more time telling me what I can do with it than letting me do what I wanted to do with it.Slight update: playing music over bluetooth is half as loud as Alexa’s voice when I’m disconnecting. So do yourself a favor and always manually lower the volume before disconnecting.I genuinely wish there was an option where it just did the job without wanting to have a full on conversation, I get that some people want to have robo-friends but I just wanted something to play music, and check the weather or look at recipes with the ability to customize my home screen so that I can easily do those things. This does not do that. It’s a very expensive clock that yells at you intermittently when it believes you have spoken to it.I assumed it would essentially be an Alexa speaker with a kindle attached, but it’s not that. It’s an Alexa speaker with a screen attached that really only shows you the amazon echo iPhone app screen; plus a clock screen with some pretty background photos. You can get to apps and watch videos but the interface is unwieldy, you’re mostly limited to swiping over tapping."	1	June 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I preordered this over a month before it came out to receive it that day it was available.. it was 5 days late .. I ordered a black one and sent a white cord it just looks horrible .. it looks like it’s going to fall over when it spins .. and the camera should of been in the middle not off to the side .. this Alexa was not worth the waitUpdate - out of all my Alexa’s this one doesn’t ever play my Amazon music .. it always turns the wrong direction.. it needs some serious work .. I have every Alexa there is and this one I have had problems with .. a lot of issues	3	March 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	I find myself having to tell constantly just for it to recognize my voice. If it’s reading my audible book, it doesn’t pause or stop when I ask it to. The screen doesn’t follow, it’s always showing a message regarding adjusting it. Then when someone calls me from their device, I am always told they can not see me. It would be cool if it functioned correctly.	2	May 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	"update: 7/21/21- at least two Amazon reps contacted and attempted to pacify the issue which they couldn't because they cannot fix an unfinished product.  Anyways they suggested that I update the device which wouldn't work.  Last night I happened to notice the device updating on it's own so I thought great! maybe some of the things that wouldn't work will now work..not a chance..as an example I still cannot tell this box to ""launch Pandora on Roku"".  It still tells me ""I'm sorry Pandora doesn't work on this device"".  so I have to go to my bedroom to tell the echo dot to perform this task which it does with no problem.I am not liking this device at all..I wish that I could give it zero stars!Pros: solid build, good speakers, good screen clarityCons: the ""Alexa"" quality pales in comparison to much cheaper echo dot.  In an effort to create something great Amazon fail to achieve the basics.  The device is slow and clunky and a couple of times I actually saw the blue light on the device when I was not interacting with it.  This prompted my to relocate the device from our bedroom.  This device is a great idea but poorly executed.  It is highly overpriced for it's features and lacking reliability.It cannot recommend this to anyone. There is a lot of work to be done before this is ready for market."	1	July 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Echo Show 10 is disappointing in a couple of ways. Its screen transitions are very choppy; for example, the timer display gets a double-vision appearance when the picture changes on screen. The volume level is also very inadequate; something I've noticed is going downhill on all echo devices. The early models sounded great, not so much with the newer models. It is more responsive to voice commands than the Echo 5, but that device was really dismal, so I'm not sure how much that says. At best, I would say the Echo 10 is a work in progress.7/30/2021 After using it for a couple of months now, I revised my rating down to 1 star. The swivel feature seemed like a really cool feature, but it is definitely a work in progress. The device regularly swivels to our TV and away from us after we use the wake-up word. I guess that is understandable but something that needs to be worked out for this device to be useful.12/30/2021Now the device takes multiple attempts to respond to commands and spins erratically around the room. I have tried rebooting many times, but it does not seem to help. I tried to arrange to return through customer service, but they wanted me to reset it. I told them I had tried this already and they said my account shows it has never been reset. I am switching to another platform. I hope this helps anybody trying to decide to try the Alexa universe of products.	1	June 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's deaf, you have to yell at it to get it to respond! Its voice tracking is way off. This is a replacement for my first, which didn't respond at all.	2	July 19, 2022	0
echo show 10	Purchased tow of these and you literally have to yell at them. Poor voice command recognition. I have over 20 Amazon dots across multiple homes which work great. The screen is a nice to have but the reality is you buy these for recognizing voice commands. I wouldn’t recommend until these can be fixed.	3	October 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have a house full of echoes, including the original echo, dots, and have had all 3 gen echo shows.  This echo show gen 3 unit has been a huge disappointment.  The microphone / voice recognition is horrible compared to all other echos.  I shout and speak extremely clearly at this thing and then it might work.  The device is also very slow for drop ins, video calls, and the whole viewing the video from your phone never works, just a black screen.  Lastly the rotating screen ends up not being helpful, the camera being off center causes tracking and rotational range issues.  Also despite having my rotational range specified it puts this huge warning on the screen that the screen can't rotate any more as it's out of range.  I DO NOT NEED this thing to keep telling me this with a message that covers a third of the screen.  There should be a way to disable that warning after initial setup.	1	May 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	Everything my older Echo did, but with video content.  Larger speakers, nice video, but lacking in app integration, no YouTube TV, microphone is not as good as my old version and I find myself having to repeat requests and speak louder.  There is no external notification light, so it’s hard to tell if there’s a message waiting unless the screen is visible.  It needs significant light to track face, and I typically don’t like that much light on all the time.  So overall, slightly disappointed, but I still enjoy Alexa assistance as in my previous Echo.  Hopefully fixes to this are coming in the future, if possible through software updates.	3	April 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Listen, take this review with a grain of salt. We are generally Luddites around here. The Echo Dot and then Show are the most advanced kind of technology we have. After tremendous success with the Dot we decided to move to the Show - mostly so that we could speak with out-of-state family members who have Shows. However, after a couple of weeks we decided to return the Show 10 and get the 8 instead. The moving screen wasn't calibrated exactly and it made video calls a bit difficult. The fact that the screen remains on all the time is a huge waste of energy and a complete nuisance (you have to instruct the device to shut off the screen every time it comes on!) All in all, the larger screen on this rounded base just wasn't worth the money or the space it took up. Sorry. We also experienced significant issues with voice recognition that we had not experienced with the Dot. It didn't accept various commands and seemed more limited in understanding direction.	2	July 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I love all things Amazon and Echo. I was an early adopter of most Amazon devices. I bought both the first Echo show and the Echo Show 10 1st Gen all pre-ordered. I have had all gens of fire Stick, Fire TV Box, other Echo devices as well. So was excited about finally buying this new Echo Show 10 - it was a HUGE disappointment. Do NOT waste your money buying it till amazon fixes its functionality issues!It is sad that this is meant to be the flagship of the Echo Show devices, yet it has a functionality problem which Amazon has failed to fix. I set the Home Content not to display news, popular recipes, as well as other social media updates but it still does. See attached pictures Yes, it has great screen resolution, great sound quality. But when a product cannot follow the basic in-built settings, it is a failed product!I called the Echo devices experts, under their directions we did two factory resets, yet it did not solve the functionality defect. They promised to investigate and get back to me. I waited for over three weeks they never called back. I finally called them again after the three weeks wait and was told that the inability of the ""All New Echo Show 10"" to obey the Home Content setting is a known functionality problem!Why should Amazon continue to sell a defective product with a known functionality issue?"	1	September 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Pro The video quality resolution is significantly better than the previous two generations. Sound quality is better the information given such as lyrics and types of genre music that are similar or better.Con The moving to watch a person is useless. It moves far too slow for someone walking about unless you walk at a penguin pace. Additionally it will lose you sometimes it mainly spins around in a circle. Or if something else makes a noise it will look at that direction. I’ve disabled the moving function due to this issue. If you have a Alexa show, there is no need to upgrade. If you don’t buy this one.	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	It doesnt stop moving when u turn the turn button off ...it just keptsKepts  turning no matter what ..	3	January 16, 2022	1
echo show 10	Falta poder hacer video llamadas por WhatsApp y otras aplicaciones.	3	February 23, 2022	1
echo show 10	I purchased this product hoping it would give me a wow factor.  Did not meet my expectations or maybe I got a faulty one.  At times does not recognize commands then I find myself repeating it over and over again.  When I play music the lyrics are off at times does not follow properly.  Opening and closing apps huge problem.  When I want it to stop it doesn't.  Not happy and not worth the money paid for it.	1	October 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	I returned it after 2 days; pretty disappointed. At least 2 major complaints:1 - the remote viewing of camera does not pan, it once showed up an arrow, but disappeared forever after I tried to swipe to pan.2 -  It certainly was annoying when I tried touch the screen, but the follow me stuff moved the screen like playing cat and mouseOne thing not related to this product directly, but should be implemented for all alexa devices - let me change my email account.Anyways, I will see if Amazon fixes these and other bugs that I could even remember now (like cast youtube?) before buying it again.	3	March 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	I got this for my kitchen for step by step recipes and its been moderately useful for that and for watching the news and playing music (really nice sound compared to the dots).However today I started getting Advertisements that cannot be turned off in settings, for what I payed for the show plus what I pay in prime this makes me mad enough to want to return it sadly I cant Ive had it too long did I forget to mention it started to autoplay the preview wile trying to remove it from my home screen?	2	February 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	I was so excited about this latest ECHO product. I really wanted to love it!! It did not do ANYTHING as advertised. So disappointed. Machine malfunctioned immediately ...so I returned immediately. Prior to returning I purchased the ECHO SHOW model previous to this one. ECHO 8...I immediately can tell the difference between the two products. Newer version has many many kinks to be worked out should not be on the market yet ...its like an unfinished project. Previous model soooooooooo much better!!!! Thank GOD!!! It also cost way less.	1	September 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t recognize and turn correctly. It will even ask me if it turned in the correct direction. When l respond it shows thanks for the feedback but doesn’t correct itself.  Doesn’t respond with correct answers. I ask “Alexa, what is the weather in Tampa today?” Her response “Sorry l don’t know that”  Constantly tells me that it has bumped into something. It’s set up correctly for the range. Everytime I ask it to add items to my grocery list it makes me have to ask for each item one at a time. My Echo dot is smarter. So happy that l didn’t get rid of it.	3	June 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have a few Echo devices.  The voice recognition software seems to have taken a step back with this one.  Really makes use of the device almost impossible.  Of this was the first Echo device I ever bought, I’d probably would never buy another. That being said, the picture and audio are great, but it’s not like that’s the reason I buy an Echo device.	3	August 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Was so excited to get this but it’s not what I expected. The motion doesn’t work very well and it’s hard to get it to stop where you want it. It’s the first version and I paid full price. Guess I should have waited for the sale. Had to turn off the motion. Picture is good. Sound is decent. I prefer my original echo show for functionality.	3	August 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	Alexa speech recognition on this Gen is just plain garbage compared to the previous generation.  The sound quality is 10 x worse too. Total lack of soundstage and bass on this generation compared to the previous generation. Unfortunately I traded in my last gen echo show to get a discount and credit on this one and now I wish I hadn’t!!!	1	November 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’m not sure of the review I want to give the sound on the Alexa show 10 is great BUT… it freezes up it doesn’t follow me properly I’m still having trouble getting it to understand voice commands I was listening to the radio and asked her to shut off and it wouldn’t so I manually had to do it.  I guess I’ll call Amazon and see if they can help me out to troubleshoot but until then I read it a three star	3	July 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	These new devices suck compared to all the other models&I have over15units of every generation made;from the very1st generation to 2of these units!this black model does not understand50%of what I'm saying.i ask it to turn on something⁢ tells me it can't find it(or)it will turn something on but can't turn it off cause it can't find it.its frustrating&stupid that you pay for an upgrade&its actually a down grade.	3	August 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	*update 7/20/2022*Despite software updates these are still by far the absolute WORST product of Alexa that we own. The worst. It does not work. It doesn’t respond more than 75% of the time and does its own thing with other smart devices (such as randomly turning off lights, not following commands, etc) the camera rarely works and continuously says buffering then says something went wrong. I have two and I spent SO much money on these POSs for them to NOT work and I am so disappointed in Amazon. If I could return them both for an older Alexa device I would. I wasted 400$+ on these.I ordered two of these shortly after they came out. Being that is was not a new device I assumed it was at least a good as the other echos we have. Couldn’t be more wrong. As many reviews say, it is FULL of issues and we are constantly resetting it. Half the time it didn’t follow you. More than half the time it doesn’t hear you or respond. I could go on and say what others have said but I’d rather not waste my time. I wish I could return these for a Full refund and just purchase two more of the echo pluses with no screen. The idea was good but the actual product sucks compare to previous echos.	1	January 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	Don’t work as intended. The movement freezes all the time. Alexa doesn’t work as well as in other devices. I do not recommend.	2	July 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I replaced my previous gen Echo 10.1"" with the new brand because I liked the old one so much.  The new model is not ready yet and is still working through growing pains.  The follow-mode is unrefined and gets confused if there's more than one person in view of the camera.  It's not true 360 degrees and has to spin-back-around if you walk around the unit to catch-up with you on the other side of its movement limit.  I get the ""creepy"" factor of having it follow you around but I think that's personal preference.  The follow-mode feels more gimmicky than useful right now but that could change as they update the follow-mode.  In addition, the screen seems to be slightly off when lining up with your view.  It faces slightly to the left of center when it tries to center up on where I am standing.  It could just be me, but I think the sound of the previous gen model is better than this one.  Other nit picks, the blue bar on the bottom doesn't always show when I say ""Alexa"" and I found myself repeating commands to Alexa more times with this unit than my old 10.1"" Echo.  I suppose none of these are unexpected with a Gen-1 model but it does feel like this was rushed out the door (even with the delay).  I'd recommend waiting a little longer while Amazon refines the tech."	1	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I used this to replace my aged original Alexa Echo.  We use Alexa all the time, and this is our first show device.There are three issues that I have with this device, and I am confident that a future update will resolve these issues but right now its bothersome.1.  It doesn't always turn to the right person.  If I am in the kitchen cooking, and the wife or kids go in or out, it will change and follow them.  Understandable.  However if I say ""Alexa over here. ""  it will not turn towards me.  There should be a command, ""Turn Right 90 degrees"" or some such.2.  Our alerts are messed up.  Because its a show it might display the alert on the screen but fails to give the audible announcement.3.  I have several cameras, and havent figured out how to add them to the Show simply.  Which means its not simple and requires research and time to find out how to make the camera show me everything like the front door, or other cameras."	2	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Facebook portal is much cheaper and better quality than Echoshow 10. Not worth of the price. Bought Portal for 53$ which is way far better than what I have spent on show10 which costs me $250+	2	July 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	"They advertised it is great for video conferencing through Zoom. How would they know since Zoom is not even supported? Quite disappointed.  Otherwise I'm enjoying it. Adding Netflix capability was a plus. The motion towards you when speaking /watching is interesting, albeit slightly annoyingly off since the camera is on one end of the device and not centered (when it ""looks"" at you the screen is pointed towards your left - I find when I'm interacting with it I have to move it towards me which gives a bump error message). That would be an easy software fix, but I've heard nothing from the company about updates (including zoom capability)."	3	March 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Cool idea for panning video, but regrettably if she can't do the basics right (""Alexa turn on the lights"") then what is the point.  Worst microphone pickup we have found.  Tried relocating to new parts of the house.  It just never seems to hear us."	3	September 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’m disappointed that Show only allows receipts from the Allreceipe app. So my hundreds of Pinterest receipes can’t be used when I want to cook. This is a big rip off. So now my show may have to go back. I have an iPad that connects to Pinterest and other receipe sites. I bought this to use in my kitchen to cook and was so disappointed. Come on Jeff! Give your customers what they want!	3	August 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I received the Echo Show 10 about 2 months ago.  I am disappointed in the device so far.  Although I love the design and the feature that allows it to follow you around the kitchen, the response time is very slow for such an expensive device.  When I ask it for a timer or any other directive, it takes about 10 seconds to respond.  My Echo flex responds within 2 seconds and it is only $20.  I am assuming that this is just a software glitch that can be fixed, but for this price, it should be exceptional out of the box.	3	April 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	It's a very well designed electronic you can watch Amazon prime movies as well as Netflix and hulu also you can see all the news, tips forecast etc... biggest down fall is that echo show doesn't have infrared light to pick up motion and follow you when the lights are out also your only allowed to watch the apps that have been loaded on by Amazon there is no adding apps or watching live tv.	3	August 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	Sound quality is not up to the mark. Speakers lack lows and mids.	2	August 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I had to yell to Alexa and sometimes it does not answer my command.Screen is not that smooth as the other Amazon Echo devices."	3	January 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	The color temperature of the unit is very different than all of my other displays and I cannot find where to change it. Additionally this unit is near a wall and still has issues registering and comprehending queries. The turn to face feature is nice, it sounds better, and it is ‘snappier’ than the previous model.	3	September 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	Alexa video chat consistently miss dials the number.  Daily chats are never dial correctly 90% of the time wrong caller.The parking position of the screen with follow me is always off.  Sometimes the screen faces a wall when call ends.  Screen always lines up my face with the camera so the screen never looks at me head on. If I manually try and move the screen, I'm notified the screen bumped into an object.	3	July 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	El dispositivo es lindo y suena muy bien!!! El problema es que es un poco lento o tiene mucha latencia poder responder a los comandos táctiles… podría tener un eje vertical autoajustable	3	November 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	the voce activation you have two yell  and i am 5ft from it  and you have to say it multipe times before it works	2	July 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	We bought one for our house and 3 orhers for each of our kids homes.  The kids will be Christmas gifts but ours was opened in November to try out.  It seems to crop up with a new issue every few days,  from not responding,  Screen motion turns off because it thinks it's unstable and others, only fix is to unplug and let it reset. Amazon assures me this is not normal and I hope that is true. Otherwise it kids are getting an expensive gadget turned paperweight! Waiting on replacement since they are now out of stock.. hoping new one will be better and we dobby have to return 4 of them. Especially since one is overseas!	2	December 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Compared to the first gen show, this thing is a set back. It’s kinda neat that it will follow you around but the practicality for that just isn’t there. This show is so slow…soooo slow, It’s almost like they put a PlayStation 1 processor in it. And for some stupid reason it almost never hears us. And usually misses the wake word. Compared to the echo dots this thing sucks at hearing you. We usually end up shouting at it. There is a 95% chance I’m gonna use it with some tannerite for target practice. Might switch to google and see how those devices do.	1	September 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Its a Alexa to add to my existing Alexa arsenal.  My wife and daughter are totally creeped out by it moving all the time, many times it moves the wrong way though, so thats annoying.  Seems like it has quite a few bugs, i personally think its cool but quite a few times i have thought about turning the motion off, then if i did that i was asking why i didnt just buy a echo show 8, much cheaper, i dunno, mixed feelings, but again, i think its cool.	3	June 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	My first echo show. So I have no others to compare. I do find the display does not turn as well as I would have hoped for.Most times when I speak it does not turn to face me.The echo dot in my option did a better job, but without display.If I had to do it over again. I would not have bought it.You can make video calls with other Amazon devices. But so can most smart phones.The music quality is goodNot sure about video content, have a studio.So, if your not sure buy a different model	3	April 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Short and sweet!Pros: Unique design, sound quality is great and rich, I love that it can turn, and lastly I love having the zigbee hub built in.Cons: The camera is off center so when it tracks you there is a slight angle when looking head on, it seems no matter how many times I say the ""WAKE WORD"" the show 10 never responds..it only looks like it will and then the blue light turns off. I hate that the echo show 10 will not turn to you if there is no light to see you thus making this a crappy product. Ill explain... if the show 10 had the camera shutter off and you us the wake word, you would think it would turn to you because of the sound of your voice and it would figure where your speaking from. However that not the case... and then if there is no light to pick up your body, the motion is automatically turned off and when walking by let's say like 5 minutes later, it will no longer follow you as well if you use the wake word the device will not follow you or turn to you until the motion is manually turned back on... what a hassle... I mean even in an area where there is a lamp light on it seems to keeps saying no light so turning off motion.. what a joke. If an update isn't given soon I'll just have to pass... worst experience ever with a new high priced alexa device."	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was so excited about this device, but after a year and customer service calls it just disappoints.  We have had every Alexa device and this one is going away.  I can't trade it in for some reason so I will sell it or just good will it.  Very sad about this, Amazon.	2	May 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	It's much good but have a delay is some actions line turn around specially when I used as a Live Camera.	3	December 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	It doesn’t quite live up to the hype.	3	February 2, 2022	1
echo show 10	This is a great idea!  Especially for homes that have an Alexa, for example, sitting between the kitchen counter and living room. I like that it can swivel toward the speaker to deliver information.There still are a few bugs to improve upon. It turns to follow at the wrong times or the wrong person.  It gets the facing direction correct 85% of the time.In regards to video calling, it’s amazing!  Great picture quality and I’m free to walk about the room while maintaining camera line with the other party. In this setting ability to follow the speaker has been flawless.	3	March 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have been using echo devices since they were released.  I bought this to replace a 1st gen echo dot.  It sits on a half wall between two rooms, and I thought the rotating screen would be useful as I move between rooms.  The issue I have is that the voice recognition on this is so much worse than my first gen dot.  It often does not respond to the wake up word.  When it does, it regularly mis-interperts my request.  I figured this would have been a premium upgrade.  So far I have been very disappointed.Update:. After posting my original review I was contacted by Amazon support.  They offered several suggestions like upgrading the firmware, and moving other echo devices away from the Show 10.  None of these have resolved the issue and I still have to regularly repeat commands to this device.  Maybe I got a bad one?	1	May 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	Alexa moves way slower than I had hoped - loading video and retrieving something I ask to open. It's disappointing that the expectations set by marketing cant be met. Beyond that, there are instances (more than I care to list) where Alexa does not follow basic commands and seems to get stuck.	3	September 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have been disappointed in the follow feature after months of use.  This seems like something that worked well in a test environment but in real life it gets confused, lost, bumped, or the light it too low. All of which require you to reset the motion and take away from the usability. Hopefully with software it will improve but is seems to be a feature i do not expect to see on the next generation. If you are in the market just get the 10 inch without motion. You will lose interest in the mobility quickly.	3	May 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s great and easy to use. The visual menu is limited, if there is more then one person in the room for the motion to follow option it will get confused and move all over the place. You to use that option when alone. If there is back ground noise she can tend to not clearly understand what’s asked of her. When asking her to stop. Sometimes she crosses and over laps commands. But it a nice upgrade from what it was. Love how it can dim itself according to the lights around you.	3	May 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	The hardware is ok no complaints:) The motion and Display is useful for myBlink cameras and smart devicesBut- O M G --The Software on the Echo 3rd Gen Show 10  (is another story) !-No Joke- its like being on a flip phone from the 90's!the home environment looks like something from an old power point presentation!I was sold on this unit when saw that fire fox was associated with it.and now they are loosing Mozilla Firefox Browser! wow -not good!-At allAmazon-please be more Innovative and less monetary-especially with things that already free to everyone everywhere else!Please don't try to charge me a monthly fee - just to See my family pictures On A DEVICE I PAID FOR!Grant us the option to install our own apps from our markets Google play or ITuneswithout our apps we like our phones are just hand held paperweights Amazon please don't let this unit become an overpricednon portable brick glued to a  turntable!	2	April 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have yet to find out how to add my contacts from my email list.	3	January 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	I use an alexa speaker to play music and a tablet to view recipes while cooking. Having the speaker and video combined in the Show 10 was ideal and would take up less counter space but this device cannot multitask how I need it to. Yes, you can play music and then ask alexa to show you recipes and the music will continue playing,  but what she shows you is from a select group of websites (like All Recipes). I save recipes to Pinterest from all different websites and bloggers so I need access to the those. It is possible to get to web and the web version of Pinterest but you cannot view the web and play music at the same time. If you have music playing and you ask alexa to open the web, the music will stop when the web opens, and vice versa. Since the only reason I purchased the Show 10 was for this purpose in the kitchen, I returned it. Love the concept though and would definitely buy it again if this was changed.	2	March 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	Love the aesthetic and sound quality is awesome. However, my device is slow to recognize commands and overall responsiveness is diminished in comparison to the previous generation.	3	November 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	"The display is nice and crisp.  The speakers have big sound and the bass is good.  If you upload photos to Amazon Photos, and then ask the Echo Show 10 to display photos, it displays ""some"" of the photos.  Not all and not all are displayed from the same folder.  To sum up the photos option, it is a little clunky and not very intuitive."	3	July 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	First off. Be aware you will need another device to access all of the settings and features. Secondly the alexa app isn't and can't be installed on the echo device. Beyond that the echo device is entertaining and mostly easy to use. The camera tracks really well, almost to the point of being a bit creepy. It has really good sound and a great display image and size at ten inches. I have yet to use the video chat so I can't say how well that works. So far though it is a nice looking device. Overall it is too restricted to direct revenue to amazon. I would like to see the AI opened up more to learn and grow along with the end users.	2	November 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	This was our 6th Alexa device but our first Show. We were expecting great thing but we're running into issues we've never had before. Mostly the Show 10 does not process the wake word as fast and frequently not at all. This lead to a lot of repeated requests which is very frustrating (asking 2 or 3 time for a song or the weather takes all the fun out of it). This occurs on both starting and canceling commands and results in other units picking up the slack. Several times this has led to multiple units making the same response to the single user request, spaced a few seconds apart. Painful. This never happened with the couple of echo dots over a whole year of use in the same spots. On the upside we like the nice clear screen and have had a few video calls with good audio and video. It also has the best sound of any of the echo dots or early echos we have.  Amazon, please fix this problem!	2	April 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Screen stays black most of the time.  Does not respond when asking for my recipes, or my list of things to do, etc.  Does not perform as it should.  Have discussed these issues with representatives several times with no resolve.  Not happy with it's performance	3	September 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	***update***I was contacted by Amazon's fabulous customer service and we have done some troubleshooting. Hopefully this remedies the problems.Alexa glitches a lot. I don't have this problem with my show 8.  She doesn't always return to her correct idle position.  She doesn't always hear you when devices upstairs will hear and alert to same name. I have reset her motion parameters several times. I have also unplugged and restarted her several times.  No luck.  She will also freeze and glitch during video calls. And randomly hang up.🤷‍♀️	3	May 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Functional and is a good Alexa device but I'm not sure it's worth the extra $100 o bee the last gen echo. For everyday use there are other options.	3	November 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Stopped responding to basic commands after a couple of months and naturally a month after I can’t send it back, the Alexa has to be under lugged at least once per day to reset.	3	October 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	I love the echo line up and have a mix of echo shows and other speakers. I recently purchased 2 echo show 10's specifically for my Grandparents to make it easer for them to see each outer now that my grandmother was moved into a nursing home. The main issue I've ran into is screens are always offset so it is very hard to see when on a video call. If you touch the screen to correct it, it stops for a brief moment and then start moving again. The only true fix is to true off motion but that defeats the whole purpose of what I intended this for. The camera should have been moved to the center of the unit or a software fix should be devised to correct this. This could be a 5-star product but unfortunately it still needs work and for now I am returning these units.	2	September 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	This device was a waste of money. App is clunky, developer did a crappy job. Not intuitive. Too many hoops to get what u want. The screen options are poor. The touchscreen has like 2 sec delay, the movement of the device is poor. Regardless if i set it up to stay in one position it always goes to another one. The live view did not work. No matter how many times i reset it to factory settings.. or how many i  uninstalled alexa app, and redo the permissions… this should not take so many steps... integration with other devices is poor.. trust me. This is like my 5th alexa device and will be my last. The non screen devices that just deal with voices are simpler. They should hire the guys who built the portal.. seems much better. Unfortunately it is facebook whom i dont trust and never will. My next screen device will be fromGoogle.. i will give it a try.. but this will be my last amazon alexa.. sorry alexa i was one of your first customer with the big tower device so many years back..you have lagged in technology…which is surprising from amazon…Update 2022: i gave up and gave it to someone as a gift… useless DO not buy.. worst product ever…	1	November 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I was really looking forward to this Echo Show, but to me it's a big disappointment. All of my other Echo Shows display my Amazon photos without interruption (e.g. photo after photo without the weather, news, sports unless I want to include those items. This new Echo Show displays photo's, however; after each photo it displays ""Amazon for Your Day"" and you cannot turn that off!!! Very disappointing. I do not want to see that in between photos. So if you are into photos then this is not for you! I enjoy the other aspects of this Show, but overall it's disappointing."	3	March 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	I got the 3rd Gen Show because I'm an Echo fanboy, not necessarily because I needed it (even though I thought the swiveling would be helpful with video calls). I had it all set up, then hit the deal breaker. As with pairing an Echo Studio with an Echo Sub, the 3rd Gen paired with the Sub lead to very weak Sub output as compared to the pairing with the 2nd Gen. There is no way to adjust the crossover from the Show to the Sub, and no way to just boost the bass in the Sub without also boosting it in the Show. The 3rd Gen, like the Studio, does not allow the Sub to do its job, resulting in the bass being worse. I boxed the 3rd gen back up, took it to the UPS store, and reconnected my 2nd Gen. Once Amazon fixes the crossover so that the Show (or Studio) hands the majority of the bass to the Sub, I'll try again. If you don't have a Sub, I'm sure it's a great product.	2	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very poor ability to hear the wake word.  Purchased it for my mother of 81 because they said it was great for seniors and could help if she had a emergency but is no good if Alexa don't wake up when called, even I had to raise my voice to get Alexa to hear the wake word.  Don't waste your money the Echo 2 gen works way better for listening.  I think more microphones on the front of the screen would be a good start.	2	January 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	I believe that it's not the best .	2	August 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	Several issues with this Echo that drives us crazy and I wish I wouldn't have bought this one:1. Will not center on human when video chatting. Keeps rotating to the right. When we move right to center us in the picture, it moves again - out of the center view. Recalibration and degistering it does nothing to improve it.2. Voice recognition is very delayed. No matter the settings, and we tried multiple, there is a long pause before the blue recognition line appears.3. When we request music play everywhere on multiple Echoes all the Echoes play music EXCEPT this Echo. Even though it is located in the everywhere group. When we request play music everywhere from other Echos, this Echo will then play music as part of the group.	2	November 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	"This alexa is incredibly slow to respond.  We have 3 alexa shows that are the latest model. 1 alexa dot that has a clock, and a first Gen alexa dot, all of which are better than this. This device spends all of its time rotating around to find the sound and zero percent of the time answering the request. I cannot tell you how many times I asked for the weather and it just started playing music.  The device sits 10 feet from the network source with no interference.  I tried turning off the motion detection hoping it would allow the device to ""focus "" more but that was pointless."	2	December 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I got this item and I was really excited It has almost everything that I was expecting but, this particular one it doesn’t support Sling Tv app, the app that I use the most and the only one that it has so many international channels! But I can’t watch it with this Alexa show. I was disappointed, that is why I am giving it 3 stars. It is really expensive and I cannot watch my favorite streaming app. As soon as it supports that app, I will change the stars.	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have done preorder, was very excited to try out new version. I found same problem as other reviewers explained software having bugs and it’s not ready for wand customer use. Screen is not able to follow real human when they move. If we turn manually screen to right location it will revert back to previous location.I tried to reset multiple times but it did not help, I like the sound and it’s feature of automation and big screen.Amazon has to do software update to fix screen move scenario when it detects human.	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	If you want garbage…then go ahead. Bought this item7/13, the Home Screen stopped displaying after 5 hours with tech and customer support they will only replace with a refurbished one and I have to pay a 33.00 restocking fee.	1	November 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	I guess my expectations were a little too high, I thought I would be able to down load apps, but having access to Hulu Netflix and prime in my kitchen is nice. I also was under the impression I could drop in on Alexa show rotate her to check on the house, every time I drop in when away from home, the camera is off.The sound is very good	3	July 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Purchased two of these primarily for having digital photo frames and being able to listen to music.  Set up 450 photos in Amazon Photos under ""Favorites"", linked that to my ""wallpaper"" and works terribly.  1.  Photo stream gets ""stuck"" on a photo, A LOT.  Sometimes on the first photo it shows and never changes unless you swipe the screen.  2.  Wherever it starts it plays the photos in sequential order.  I have spoken with support to try and get this to be in a random order and there doesn't appear to be a setting for this.  3. As it does cycle through every 4 or 5 photos it shows the weather OR a screen showing what you can use Alexa for.  (The weather was the ONLY feature I left on, but I don't need to see it on the screen every min and the Alexa for Your Day feature cannot be turned off).  Overall I am super disappointed with the photo frame.  I may give it a few weeks to see if a software update addresses this, but if it is not fixed this will be the reason I return these.I have a google home that I use and the photo frame feature works great, but I cannot get my amazon music to work on a google home device.  That was my reason for wanting to switch to the Echo Show 10 devices."	1	March 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	This new one has lots of  problems  We had the older version and it worked fine This new one has many bugs and after many-many - of their  phone calls to amazon its still is not working right at all. Most can not speak English and did not understand us and hung up on me.  Then others did not know what is wrong and also disconnected me Here we are weeks after buying it and its still not working right.  We had the older model and it worked great this model is NOT ready to be sold nor are  the help desk employees. I think if some of the staff is not good with English they should NOT be Nasty to me	1	July 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	We are still having a Terrible time with this product.. I am disabled and my husband needs to see me . We were fine with our YI cameras, now we can’t hook them up or the Alexa to our phones. The support says it’s so easy, and just gives me the directions that doesn’t work anyway. Same directions over and over.. They don’t know how to troubleshoot ,apparently  they have never done it.And another thing, if I leave my phone at home, my husband doesn’t have access to the Alexa on his phone so he can’t get the shopping list.  can’t do this can’t do that. Whatever. It Sucks.AND last but not least we had just moved to a different state on my Alexa app , I have changed our location and put in our new address in the Alexa show, STILL CAN  NOT  MERGE WITH MY APP.And another thing when I turn the volume up she always turns it down. I have changed in my settings numerous times and I’ve also told her to keep the volume up to 11 where I can hear it and it still she turns it down to 3,  every single time!! The echo show is ridiculous and don’t waste your money on it I wish I could send it back..	1	September 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I really wanted to love this item, but right now it still is a little too inconsistent to love.  The call quality is impressive, though the tracking feature is hard to do with a group (though that's a lot to ask of a device).  My bigger frustration is that its Alexa responsiveness seems a lot less consistent than the other devices I have used (standard echo and dots).  Finally, the UI for graphic navigation is not intuitive.  Refining a search and ""going back"" is almost impossible without starting an entirely new query."	3	March 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	My echo show 5 is better this this echo 10. Responds slower, goes black screen at night and when it does show the clock it is so dim you can not see it even when I raised the brightness.	3	September 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	I was less impressed with my Show 10 than all my other echo devices (I own more than10 of them). The follow me tracking was annoyingly off center so I eventually ended up turning it off completely. Voice recognition seems less accurate than my eco show 8, echo and dot devices. I was unsuccessful in asking show 10 to play a movie - it just ‘hung’ forcing me to manually reset each time. Truly underwhelmed.	3	July 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	I am more disappointed.  I purchase songs - I PURCHASE SONGS - and I can't even hear them because I don't subscribe to AMAZON MUSIC.  I ALREADY PAY for Amazon PRIME.  WTF!!!!  I CONSTANTLY have disconnection issues.  Amazon keeps telling me, we are working on the issue on their end.  WELL WHEN already?  I think I will purchase the Google nest next time.  I can't stand how finicking all the Echo dots and Show are.  Is the google nest like that too???  Hope you answer and I hope Amazon allows this.  I am not a happy camper.  AND WHY WHY WHY can't these echos be user friendly????  Why is everything SUCH a problem.  I feel like I am using DOS all over again for you youngin's DOS is pre windows where you needed computer language to talk to the computer vs.  Pressing a button or clicking to do what you want.	2	April 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	I wanted to move from the Echo puck to the Show to get  added video content above Echo-sourced audio content and control of my supported NetVue camera.  The latter doesn't work too well as the Echo Show cannot see and here from the Netvue but cannot control tilt/pan or speaking.  I didn't get any better video news and the entire unit had more issues than the puck.  Alot of repeating, alot of network dropouts, etc.  Sent it back.	3	June 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I've been using the device for about a year as well as several other Echo devices. The worst of it is that even when there is no background noise, the microphone is way less sensitive than the much cheaper and smaller Echo devices. I often have to yell at the device to get it to hear and respond. And, oh, I turned off the swivel screen feature to see if that helped it to be more sensitive, although that didn't help, and the swivel feature while of novelty value became simply annoying. The speaker is okay and the screen isn't bad, while I like some of the 3rd party services offered, but I don't see how this justifies the price for a device that evidently wasn't field-tested adequately.	1	July 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	I wanted to love this so badly but the constant glitches making music stop is incredibly frustrating!	3	December 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	So far it’s ok. I like the idea of this device but it falls a bit short. It follows me decently but gets confused sometimes. That is not the biggest deal breaker as long as it’s not actively showing me something and moves.  My issue is it does not stay connected to the internet and we have multiple alexas and other devices that do not have this issue so it must be the device. Maybe if they push through a software update it will work better. Otherwise the picture quality is great.	3	April 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	Alexa is no longer quick on her feet. She sometimes responds and it takes multiple attempts to get her attention. Please update again. The last software update has slowed her down.	3	October 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	This isn’t about the product. It’s the deal Amazon offered with the Show plus the Blink camera. I put it in my cart, paid for it, and had a shipping date. Then Amazon sent only the Show and refunded me only the low “bundle” price for the Blink camera. That was, of course, not enough to buy it separately. Very bad business! What’s really aggravating is that I took the option of registering the devices to my account for easier setup. Now all my Echo devices show the non-existent Blink camera in their devices lists.	1	August 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Update:  I have noticed more and more often that the unit does not respond when I say Alexa, often I've had to say several times before it responds. Because of this I want to reduce my stars to three.  END UPDATE///  My disappointment is that this unit has a lower screen resolution compared to the first two versions and no reduction in price. Still toying with it, getting used to its quirks and finding how to use some features that the initial setup spoke of but I cannot find how to use.	3	March 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Su atractivo principal es que gira y no hace muy bien su ttabajo en ocasiones no lo hace y tienes que repwtir las ordenes	3	November 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	Then this product is not worth to buy.I was so excited about getting this that I pre-ordered it weeks before it was released. I got the white one.I have four Echo Dots at home. In comparison with the sound quality of this device, I will say that this product is pretty good. I would have kept it had the following were better:Display screen doesn't get bright enoughUI is not don't rightClunky menu and hard to control applications such as Hulu. No subtitle settingsNo YouTube app, just a web browserNo Viki supportDevice is slowI wished that when the motion is disabled or when set to stop following, it would allow you to manually maneuver the screen position. This is one of the things I found annoying.Would I buy it again if they fixed the UI and the apps? Maybe.If they allow the manual positioning of the screen? Yes, I'd buy it if they fix the apps too.	2	March 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is the worst echo in the house. My first gen towers are way better at voice recognition  and just doing things in general. Even the dots are better than this thing. Half the time (literally half) it doesn't understand what I say, while other devices i have understand me just fine. I can say the EXACT SAME THING to this device that I say to other echo devices and I get HMM I DON'T KNOW THAT. It's stupid and annoying. Daughter saw a recipe pop up that she wanted to make, so she touched the screen to see it, and the whole thing went crazy. Reboots don't change anything. Just buy a refurb first gen tower and be happy with your life.	1	July 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	I got it for my kitchen to get recipes and all things cooking and it is quite limited. I still like it but It’s pretty disappointing at the same time	3	October 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	The Echo doesn’t always follow your voice and if the room isn’t well lit, it won’t react to your voice either. I like having the screen for security reasons but then again, I have several YII cameras that work fine. I have until mid-June to return it so I’ll keep it until then before deciding to keep it or not.PS The speaker sounds great!Update: sent it back.PS. The device is black but comes with a white power cord….go figure.	3	May 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have echo products, starting with generation 1. through the echo show 10. The echo show 10, by far is, the least sophisticated, least responsive, not very smart, horrible voice recognition, annoying, screen staying on, not understanding anything. Amazing, this was my most expensive run at the echo product, and the one that has the least amount of satisfaction.	3	July 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s a fine replacement for my previous Show, which had randomly stopped working completely one day. The motion is VERY wonky. It always tracks slightly off center, and I’ve even caught it randomly knocking against the wall in the morning when I hadn’t even asked Alexa for anything. I usually close the camera to stop the motion because it bugs me that much.Also, ever since my previous Show completely shutdown, half my smart lights won’t connect to the new Show. This is actually my biggest frustration.	3	April 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	This is mostly a huge upgrade over the original echo shows however, the microphone is extremely insensitive. I can practically stand directly in front of this thing and speak in a normal voice and it won’t hear me, but echos in other rooms across my house will…	3	August 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Received the Echo Show 10. Set up was fairly easy. Although, the whole reason for purchasing my Vivint Security cameras and Echo Show 10 was for them to work together. WRONG! Found out after all final purchases were made that Vivint cameras (doorbell & security) and Echo Show 10 don't work together and aren't supported. Very frustrated since I was told they would work together. Don't take anybody's word for it, check it out yourself otherwise you might be sorry, like I am.	3	May 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	It's really a great product. However, you can't stream most apps from it like other devices that have web browser access.	3	November 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have had multiple negative issues with this particular device. I have had to plug and unplug it from the AC many times, I have had to do a factory reset and I have had to have a chat with an Amazon tech to get a few issues ironed out. ALL time consuming and a nuisance! And there are others that I am simply letting slide for now... HOPEFULLY an update will be coming SOON to address, not only these, but what others have posted as well.	3	March 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Built in camera works. However. You can not access it from the app on your phone even though says you can. I called and they say it is a technical problem they have yet to work out. App is not very user friendly. They have made it a lot more complicated then necessary. Connecting devices such as ring door bell ect, again, made a lot more complicated then necessary.	3	July 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I upgraded my Alexa to the 3rd generation.  I was very disappointed that they sent a white power cord with my charcoal Alexa.  This is for my kitchen and looks terrible.  I like the Alexa but my old one at least matched.	1	October 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I was really excited to upgrade to the latest Echo Show and use the ""follow me"" camera tracking feature.  Unfortunately, I do not think it is ready for prime time...pun intended.  The camera tracking worked ok but sometimes Alexa would just spin around for no reason.  Even worse were the ads for features I did not want to use.  We were bombarded by videos and other random clips that would just start playing.  These features were unwanted, intrusive and downright annoying.  No matter how loud I yelled at Alexa, the device would just keep playing these random videos.  I became frustrated enough that I boxed them back up and sent them back for a refund.  I hope this is not a trend that will continue in the Amazon ecosphere of products as I will be forced to start looking elsewhere."	2	August 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	As far as the device itself, I like it but there are little to NO instructions on how it functions, what it capabilities are or how to perform any tasks. I got it to communicate with a parent that has Alzheimer's and I cannot figure out how to get it to do that, nor can others that I have talked to. Please Amazon don't put out a great product with no direction on how to use it. Not everyone is a tech savvy individual.	3	May 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	Screen and sound are good but voice commands are frustrating. An example: “Alexa off” doesn’t work.	3	November 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	WHEN THE DISPLAY IS BOTH FOLLOWING ME AND THEN PAUSING, (when i am standing still), THE ECHO SHOW 10 ALIGNS/CENTERS THE DISPLAY'S CAMERA LENS  (which is on the side of the display) WITH MY POSITION, RATHER THAN THE CENTER OF THE SCREEN.  THIS MAKES IT HARD TO SEE THE SCREEN WHICH IS OFFSET FROM WHERE I AM STANDING. MAYBE A SOFTWARE UPDATE COULD FIX THIS, SO THE CENTER OF THE SCREEN IS ALIGNED WITH THE PERSON'S LOCATION RATHER THAN THE CAMERA LENS.	3	April 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Still can not connect to my ring flood lights. Description on echo 10 says I don’t need the ring bridge, but can not get Alexa to work with Ring flood lights	3	October 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	I was really excited when I heard this was coming out. I couldn’t wait to get it. I got the charcoal one and the cord is white.  It ruins the whole esthetic. As others have said, the offset camera makes the screen following you feature frustrating. It’s never directly facing you. At first I thought mine was faulty until I read the other reviews. The remote scanning of the room is a cool feature in theory but there is no automated vertical movement of the screen to adjust the level. I just get the top third of my walls unless I remember to push the screen down before I leave so it’s not usable for me. Pushing the physical buttons on it makes it think it’s bumping into something almost every time. I ended up turning off the motion so I wouldn’t have to deal with the issues. It’s a shame, I really wanted to love this. It feels like it was released before it was finished.	2	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	The product has good screen quality and great sound.  It sometimes doesn’t recognize the “Alexa” wake word and freezes up a lot.	3	November 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have enjoyed having my echo show screen quality, still, a having a problem with voice recognition. WaI am disappointed that it is not compatible with my ADT doorbell and camera.  That was the main reason for the purchase.	3	August 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	El producto vino en perfecto estado, sin embargo el reconocimiento de voz es este dispositivo deja mucho que desear, los echo anteriores eran más intuitivos. Con este dispositivo me toca repetir tres o cuatro veces las cosas.	3	September 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	"First, as a basic device that takes Alexa commands, it does okay, though I find that I have to forcefully bark at it to have it do whatever I want (e.g. natural language commands don't work often).Also, it loses the bluetooth connection easily, and then fails to reconnect to the device (I've tried with two different soundbars and one Denon stereo that has bluetooth). Using the phone OR the Show 10's bluetooth menu fails to make it connect. That means that the only reliable speaker is the built-in one, and that's only okay (at best). This thing really needs an audio out jack of some kind.The implementation of the photo slideshow is horrible, as in it switches pictures way too fast. This should have been programmed with a # of seconds, and let the user enter the number. As it is, the settings menu lets you pick up to 10 seconds, though sometimes it keeps one up for a minute. (I'd like to be able to go up to 10 minutes per picture.) Forcing their own advertising/promotional links as disruptions to the photo show makes it all worse. I could not care less about the news stories they are trying to push on me (or ""you recently played this song"" ... but it misheard me and is now trying to push something I REALLY don't want to hear)."	1	May 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s not really accurate in the motion setting	3	December 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	The skill section of echo show 10 miss directed me on how well it interfaces with Ring.com.  With your ring cameras set up in my case three cameras the echo will announce that there is motion in the area of a ring camera.  Down fall that the farest it will go.  If  echo 10 show can determine motion it should connect with Ring and show the video event. It does not!.  The only way you can see the video event my must ask Alexa to show location by then the video is history and hard to respond to persons have come and gone.  If this echo can sense moton it show automatically connect the camera view to the echo 10 show.  Very disappointing.  I can use my cell phone to get the same results. I felt that the advertisement lead me to believe Rings communication with echo was a sound marriage to build on home security WRONG	2	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	This must have been a prototype because it never worked correctly. Anytime I try to drop in, the video freezes and the Echo locks up. We try to talk to it and it never hears us. Very disappointed purchase.	1	October 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	I purchased this after watching many reviews and it’s pretty bad. It constantly gives suggestions like google does and the video/sound quality is not that good. The big gimmick of it following you around does not work properly. Save your money and keep your current generation, these devices have gone downhill pretty bad since the first generation.	2	March 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	This $250 decice that you pay for will only show you anti second amendment, lgbtq, unamerican bs news from left leaning media sources. And you CANNOT change it. You will be forcefed crap about covid, how good biden is doing, lgbtq, how theyre going to take your second amendment rights all without any say in what you see on home screen. I realize it is an amazon product but the lack of ability to set preference is the deal breaker for me. I unplugged it and will be putting it in this summers lawn sale. If it doesnt sell im going to get my ar and some tannerite, ask alexa “hey what is the highest form of law in the united states” and send her out with a bang!	1	June 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	I am so unhappy with this device.  I have to say Alexa multiple times, it is very slow to load content, to respond to touching the screen and can’t seem to follow simple commands like ‘stop.’  I’m beyond frustrated and wish that I could return this and get the more traditional Echo Show.  I definitely wish I hadn’t sent my old one back.  I do not recommend this device.	3	June 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	The new Echo Show 10 is not everything Amazon advertised it to be.  The screen does not always park itself in its home position.  The movement has trouble following voices some times.  The biggest disappointment is there is still no live camera view.  This was one o he big selling points for me - a live security camera.  But for some reason, this feature is not activated.  Until this is working, I would hold off on buying again.	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I purchased this to use as a voice activated intercom for my elderly father.  It proved to be too difficult for him to use.  It constantly would lose it's ""connection"" to the internet.  The set up was not easy and it interfered with other Alexa devices in the house especially the Fire TV.  The idea is good, the unit itself is heavy and obviously the white cord is less than ideal.  The window to return it has expired so now I'm wondering what to do with it."	2	January 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	This has to be one of the worst f'ing products I have ever used between the echo show 8 and 10 they both suffer from the same issues.  Alexa give me a 10 minute timer for example, nothing happens...  Repeat and finally get a timer, or it might fire up WebMD instead.  They are f'ing garbage. The home automation setup was good but GD everything else about it sucks, taking the automation piece with it. Forget about websearches, Alexa how do you cook a prime rib, response did you want to play jeapordy.  Going to go back and check out a google device again, switched from them because the home automation was not polished.  The failures ruin what is good, which is only the speaker now.  Update, it just keeps getting worse and support is a joke. Support would have you change the wake word, when you have multiple devices, so instead of 1 digital assistant I need potentially a different assistant for every device...	1	March 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	Screen has been always offset, even with calibration. Camera to detect motion should be centered on top of screen vs. right side. The moving screen always aligns slightly off center. Just annoying. Otherwise it performs as expected. Sometimes slow connecting to Ring application.	3	August 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	So it can’t hear well, it can’t move well, and it responds with stuff that doesn’t matter. It’s like my grandfather.Alexa…. ALEXA……ALEXA!!!!!What’s the weather today?Alexa: if you want to grill salmon, it’s best to use a cedar plank on an open fire grill.Of all the devices this is the worst. Don’t buy it.	3	July 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	It can’t seem to stop facing you regardless of lighting and it’s unwieldy for watching something when more than one person is trying to see the screen. It is also invariably facing away when it signals someone at the door so I can’t see who is at the door. It tells me features I can use with every other show in the house are not yet supported. It takes the ease out of Alexa and is a trial to use. Maybe it’ll get smarter over time.	3	March 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	The screen monitor is better but the camera the follows you and can be rotated and zoomed in and out is useless when there’s no lights in the room. Which is a shame because all Amazon needs to do is change to screen to a white and bright color. Terrible development and an easy fix that they missed. I hope the correct that pretty soon.It’s also less responsive. I have to speak louder and the device doesn’t understand the request pretty well. I regret buying it!	2	January 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	It’s a great product in theory. I had high hopes for it. But the screen movement tracking is slow and cumbersome. You cannot manually adjust when it misses tracking you. I prefer to turn off tracking as it gets pretty annoying if moving a lot by it. Operation of apps with touch screen response is pretty slow. Sound quality is decent but my first generation Echo sounds just as good. Picture and screen quality are decent but nothing special.	3	May 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	It didn’t come with a manual	3	December 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Rarely picks up my voice I literally have to scream at it for it to detect me. Also it constantly picks up commands that I didn't even say and will start playing random things. I've had a number of echo devices and this is the only one that I have had this issue with	3	July 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s dumb. Gets things wrong all the time. Talks over me. Needs to be able to learn and improve response	3	November 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Terrible. Not worth the money. Freezes all the time. Can only play prime and hulu and only things you have previously watched on another device. Or if you ask alexa to open Amazon prime video it'll just start playing some random show.	2	May 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	This device was kinda cool at first but it's gone way down in response (microphone) and the screen doesn't always find me. It is bigger than previous Echos so the screen size is nice. I've read other reviews about standing next to the device and having to say the wake word repeatedly or loudly or BOTH!! Overall this one's a disappointment. I traded in my Echo Plus for this....	3	June 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	Alexa is horrible this is a new generation and I was expecting a lot more but even if I ask her for the simplest of things she doesn’t get it. I asked her to play Thursday night football and she puts on a stupid movie. Ask her to play a song and she puts the wrong song. This is honestly a waste of money I’m contemplating returning it	1	September 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	I upgraded to this from a previous Ecco show. The foot print is MUCH bigger than my previous. The moving screen is, at times, annoying. The sound quality is improved, but I think the mic got worse. This version seems to have a hard time hearing us shout to “Alexa cancel!” when a timer goes off or after watching a news clip. The screen goes dark automatically to save energy, which is great at night. Overall I would rather have my previous version.	3	April 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	N/a	3	January 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	This is most likely going to be my last Amazon Alex show purchase. The show series is cool and definitely has it's moments but....The rotation feature is useless for me and has stop rotating smoothly all together. When it does rotate it's never on center and the rotation stutters. It doesn't respond all the time and requires me to call Alex multiple times. The devices also comes on at random times, and even though this is the 3rd generation, the device is STILL slow. Tap a video and 10 seconds later, first the audio and then 5 seconds later the video. Not very happy with this and will most likely return it. I'm looking at Google for my smart home needs now.Amazon stop rehashing your hardware and make something with a little more quality. It's not just the Show's but your tablets too.Stay away from this dumpster fire.	2	May 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product is NOT user friendly. And I consider myself pretty tech savvy. It is very confusing and difficult to set up Hulu and other streaming services through the Echo 10 device. There is a very limited library of apps, and I do mean limited. I would strongly suggest holding off on buying this product until they build a good relationship with so many other apps available out there today. We found it almost impossible to log into our Hulu account. You have to download the Alexa app on you phone in order to transfer your account to the Echo 10 device. We thought it was so crazy to have to do so much just to watch our favorite shows on Hulu. At least Netflix has a good relationship with Amazon, and it shows in how easy it was to access our account and start watching movies.I don't know what's going on over in the engineering department at Echo, but they need to be fired. Bring in a new team who knows what they're doing. There should be so many more apps pre installed on this device with all having the ability to allow the user to easily access their favorite streaming services. Right now, I give them a big fat F (Failure)!!!!	1	September 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’ve had this for months now and I can say I expected more from a $250 device like this. At the beginning video calling was ok but then picture started freezing and Alexa screen don’t point where where are among other issues. I restarted several times and it don’t make a difference. It’s is slow when you trying to navigate tru settings and menu. Overall I wouldn’t get this one, I think the new show 8 or 5 are good enough for what they’re worth	2	January 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	I had wanted it to respond to sound and face the speaker.  It only responds to motion not sound, so the device can only follow someone.  I saw a YouTube review after I bought it and was so disappointed that I never opened the box.	3	August 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	The voice recognition is mediocre compared with other Echos.Motion is merely a gimmick and does not work well.	3	November 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	In theory, this should be an ideal home assistant/entertainment device. However, in reality, it falls short in several key areas and is often an absolute pain to use. It has very limited processing power and hence cannot understand commands while it's performing another task. You cannot switch between apps and have to first exit the current app and then open another.The inbuilt browser, Silk, is buggy, full of ads and extremely slow. It often crashes while using or becomes unresponsive. There is no ability to access your emails as well. The camera is off center, hence the screen is always off by a couple of inches while facing you. It has a very limited ability to follow you around and will often spin around if you are walking while on a video call.For such an expensive device, there are too many ads and useless 'Alexa can also do this' notifications.Overall, this is a thoroughly average device, priced & marketed like a premium one.	1	March 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is a waste of money. The tracking is way off,  and the Alexa integration is ok if it ever actually does what you ask. I have 2 of them, and both a waste. Also to use video camera to look at house when your gone, works about 10% of the time. Don't waste your money.Update: I have had 2 of these for months, and I just get more and more frustrated with them. Alex integration is horrible and useless, it is beyond frustrating. I actully just  plugged my echo show 8 back in, at least it works. Basically these machines are big clocks and occasionally a timer.  Like I said earlier in my review, if you get your camera to connect, which for me is 10% of the time, it only works for a minutes.  I can't say it enough, COMPLETE waste of money! Both machines are Absolute junk!!! Not sure how anyone could give it 4 or 5 stars, they must have machines that work.Had to add update. I can not express enough how bad this piece of junk is!! I do not understand how this echo has gotten any good reviews. Echo can't even pick up simple voice commands, it is so frustrating!!!! I just simply stopped use it, such a waste of money!!!	1	April 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's a cool device,  but I don't keep it very bright in my house, and it won't move if it's not bight in the room.I was pretty disappointed about that, but everything else is great. The screen is nice, and it's got decent sound quality for its size.	3	July 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I've had this for 8 days and haven't been satisfied for one.  If you think you're getting an iPad that swivels, stop now. The echo show is completely unintuitive, clunky, slow, and unpredictive. Things that were working days 1 and 2, stopped working. Amazon support wasn't able to help.You cannot do multiple functions at once. For instance, I was trying to listen to music and look at a recipe, nope, music stops as soon as you open another ""app"" (the allrecipes app is a complete joke). Silk, their web browser feels like 1997 AOL.This product COULD be excellent. It has a very long way to go."	1	July 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	"It takes a lot for me to write a review but when I spend $250.00 to pre-order something, and wait for months, I have high expectations. I have had this thing for a whopping 4 hours and it is back in the box and being returned. Difficult to set up, randomly does it's own thing while in the middle of something else, screen is smaller than expected for a 10"",  sound is so-so for such a big heavy speaker, and it was difficult to navigate. Even to play my amazon music or watch anything on Prime was too much work. I will stick with my old 10"" Lenovo tablet that my only complaint is I have to restart it everyday and sometimes acts glitchy on Amazon music. The one thing I did like was the motion camera. That was cool - but that being the only thing I liked does not justify the $250.00."	2	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t respond from the road to activate devices.	3	December 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	The voice recognition needs work. Light sensetivity is poor. And swivel speed is slower than I like.	3	November 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	I was hoping to watch discovery plus on it but can’t.I wish it would understand what I ask it but I have a bit of an accent so even spelling the request is in vain.It’s really frustrating!Maybe in a few years they’ll work out the kinks.Meanwhile it would be nice if they would let us use video messaging on Facebook.	3	June 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Tracking gets off center often so the screen is at an angle most of the time during follow mode. Seems you usually have to yell at it to get it to respond. Tried getting my blink system to work with it a few times, just gave up. It has some flaws to work out.	3	July 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	It’s obvious that Amazon could care less about feedback.  All I wanted was a tablet that I can use with my Ring.  Instead I got a 24/7 advertisement machine that never turns off and never shuts up.  They try to force the Echo’s down your throat by making the Ring app not work with anything else, but even that plan falls short.  The Echo is so annoying that if my IPad didn’t work well with Ring, I’d  rather switch to Nest (and throw out my Ring) than buy an Echo.  Just admit when you’re wrong Amazon… and LISTEN.	2	November 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	I appreciate being environmentally friendly but to ship a black device with a white cable just so that you can put “climate pledge” is more than ridiculous. Very disappointed that Amazon thought this was ok for one of their devices which I all loved. Up until this point.	3	July 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Amazon really needs to turn off the “by the way” feature.  I don’t need suggestions all the time.  Sometimes I am trying to tell her to set multiple alarms and get interrupted with “by  the way” and some suggestion that I could care less about.  I bought the device to assist me, not to be annoyed with suggestions all the time that you can’t turn off.	2	February 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have had 3 echo shows one gen 2 and two gen 3. All of them fail to respond to voice command in the end.  I also want to say, that amazon would not let me leave a review from the replacement item order they sent me. I believe this is to hide their flaws and discourage honest reviews	1	October 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I had owned an Echo Show 3 with a Zigbee hub.  I replaced it with the Echo Show 10 (3rd Gen).  It does not respond to my voice about 25% of the time and when the screen rotates in response to my voice, it is usually 90 degrees off.  Not even as good as the Echo Show 3.  In some cases, worse.  Very disappointed.	3	May 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	I like my Alex capable devices so much so that I bought the echo 10. I must say that I’m disappointed with it. I mean it does what it’s supposed to do but I expected to be versatile. It works best vocally but I can’t do to much hands on. I was thinking it would operate like a super kindle but it doesn’t. I’m just using it for YouTube, music and video calls in the house.	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	Who puts a white power cord on a black device?  Can't even hide it!  The sound is very good.  The movement takes some getting used to.  It keeps asking me if it moved properly and that's annoying because it's questions cover the screen .  It won't keep the recipe on the screen if you ask a song to be played.  Like I said, it takes some getting used to it.	3	March 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Only exists to sell you more things. Constantly ""suggesting"" things that had nothing to do with what you asked her to do. for example, ""Alexa, turn off the lamp."", ""OK!, By the way, I can do things like play the news. TO MAKE ME PLAY THE NEWS, SAY ALEXA PLAY THE NEWS."" She shouts this at you every other time you ask her to do something. The screen only shows our family photos half the time, the other half its showing targeted marketing! If this device was FREE, I would understand, but I payed hundreds of dollars. Has the potential to be extremely useful, however it needs significant software TLC."	2	November 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	I agree that the cord is wrong and the camera is off set. Neither really impedes my enjoyment of this device. I would happily pay an additional $10-20 --just as I do on my Kindle --to be rid of Alexa for your day.  Alexa is in every room in my house. I know what she can do to make my life easier. I want to throw something at that screen every time I see it. Fix this please!!!	3	March 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	I was thinking this was like a Kindle fire but you cant just add apps from the appstore like you do on a Fire Tablet. There are some apps that you can enable from the Alexa app. I still haven't decided if I'm going to keep it or return it for an Alexa fire tablet and use it in show mode. This would be perfect if there was a way to add normal apps.	3	April 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Kinda cool. Good sound. Finding it hard to have it upload my contacts so I can call people. Did everything it says to do. Just doesn’t work. I’m sure it will but it’s complicated. Everything you would like to have it do requires you to set up certain things on their app. How much time do I have fooling around trying to get it to work. It’s complicated.	3	May 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	The shape is very hard to work with... Takes too much space in the counter... shows error messages on the screen constantly that we are out of the space allowed... I am very disappointed.. I was so looking forward to the new one... but frankly - the design is so uncomfortable that I am planning on return and keep my previous. (Also, the benefits aren't that great from the older version.) Come on Amazon...you can do better...	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Uploading photos is not intuitive and very hard to reach someone to help.  Even when I reach someone, that person usually has to transfer me or ask for help.  I love the device - I purchased one for each of my two homes,  But, they have recently done a software update that requires seeing a screen frequently reminding me what else Alexa can do - very annoying	3	May 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	Before you buy, know this... the live stream video feature barely works. The biggest selling point about this device for me was the camera. I need this so I can check in on my mother while I'm away. However, it's been an epic pain in the ass because it barely works... and now it's getting even worse. It has gotten to the point that I could really only ever use it while in the house, but now it's not even doing that. If you're buying this device for the live stream video, you should consider something else because the echo show just ain't ready for prime time.	1	July 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	Es muy buen producto pero tienes que suscribirte a todo para que puedas ver cosas, que Amazon music prime que Amazon video prime y por todo te cobran y la verdad es mucho gasto, de ahí en fuera esta muy bien.La verdad pienso que Amazon debería dar ciertas suscripciones gratis con el hecho de adquirir una Alexa que no son nada baratas	3	June 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I was looking forward to this new echo.  However,  the main feature of following the individual while speaking is not real accurate. While speaking and moving several times I was out of the screen due to the camera not responding correctly. The picture and sound are good.  The most annoying thing is Amazon has added ""Alexa for your day"" which constantly shows up on the entire screen.  (As of this posting can not remove or turn off.)More problems:  You can not use the live view portion in order to monitor while away.  (According to Amazon it will be ""available soon"") One of the selling points being able to utilize Echo 10 camera while away.It has been over a week and the live view problem still has not been fixed.  All I keep getting from Amazon is they are aware of the problem and are working on it.  They don't know when they will actually have this feature available.Update after a month still unable to use live view.  They are still working on the issue.  Also I have noticed the screen just goes blank for several minutes now and then.  The background does not cycle through your pictures it only uses a select few constantly."	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bulky and the power cord comes out way too easy. Has some great features just like most other Alexa products. Screen size is good.	3	October 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I like Echo Shows, we have them all. This one's software has been problematic. Also very tired of the screen that displays what you can do with the Echo. Wish you could turn off all hints and tips the Echo shows you throughout the day. The tracking is fun for the first few days but gets annoying fast. It's also a little top heavy so you must be careful. I would not buy this one again.	3	March 31, 2021	1
echo show 10	Motion detection spastic and useless.  Alexa voice very muffled and hard to understand, even after adjusting settings in the app.  Other sounds, like music, are fine.  Doesn’t have available apps that are on any of my Fire sticks.	3	August 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’m really not a fan of this echo. It’s voice command suffers greatly when compared to other echos. The screen movement is nice when watching videos, but is annoying every other time.My biggest complaint is the model I received won’t ‘stop’ when music is playing. The ‘Next’ command works rarely, and I have to repeat commands 2, 3, or more times.All in all, wait for the next model upgrade.	3	March 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	I am unable to access the camera  on my Alexa App to show me what is going on in my livingroomwhile I am away. Problematic because I specifically bought the device for this feature.	3	August 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	Over all I could have gimballed my fire to my wireless camera and yea connected with my phoneIt's a stripped fire 10 with a out the box baby AI you could have stepped it up a notch everyone awesome concept but I hope I wake up and it's updated and figured out that for over 200 dollars i shouldn't have to turn on skills to make it bark fart meow or ask what about this when I said that I'm not a public speaker but I did serve speaking daily to lots of people for 20 years in the military so I think I've mastered toad road load code ECT lol ya could have given us a little bit more is all I'm saying I do like it and I think it might get better	2	July 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	As much as this device costs the motion detection is horrible. The offset camera has to be the problem with this. This device is always off to the left a bit which looks like someone is looking at your left ear while communicating with you. I turned the motion off for a better experience but realized my original 1st generation echo is better to talk to without a screen. So I sent this unit back 1 day after it was delivered I have thought about the echo show 15 but is it really worth the price???? I noticed the home screen menu is hard to customize on the show 10 is it the same on the 15? I figured so, so I returned with a full refund. Come on Amazon build a better device or repair this one to perfection. I really like the idea.	1	April 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	I had to reset 4 times to get it set up correctly with the app.	2	June 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	Screen is either to bright or to dark…I like that the screen shows the time and the date/weather…only real issue is when its dark in the room, it is really bright…(not the actual clock part) the dark/black background is really bright, if you turn the brightness down to compensate, the clock dims way to low	3	June 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	Product was purchased to replace previous model for use in kitchen. Picture quality is fair to good. Voice recognition is slow and sketchy. Tracking is awful. Sound system is poor to fair. Don’t upgrade to this model. If I had the box, I’d return it. Just a total disappointment. I do not recommend this model. We have 7 other, older models that work well. Don’t waist your money.	2	January 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	The voice recognition seems spotty and I constantly find myself yelling at it to wake up. When I utilize it, the screen direction does not seems to swing optimally in my view angle. I almost want to disable that functionality because of this.	3	July 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	This alexa is dumb. Never do you ask for or when do it, put something in the screen for you do it manually. Eco dot 4th gen is better choice.	3	September 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’m so disappointed on this last Echo Show 10 (3rd Gen).  I have a total of 8 echo show counting this one.  And with the others I’m not having this issue. I don’t understand at the binging it was working fine. But it been giving me issues for a full weeks know. Like if it has a delay and sometimes it doesn’t even responds. When it does it takes a while and sometimes it does different things that I ask for it to do. I have reset it a few times and it still does the same thing . I am so disappointed I was so excited for it to come out I wanted to have it but now I think I made a mistake of buying this one.	2	September 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have had to factory reset this unit 2 times so it would connect to the internet. Seems to have issues connecting to wifi....  So far not real happy with this. Had no problems with other echo shows....It is working now so will see how long this lasts......	3	July 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	"The sound is good.  The picture is good (most of the time). The motion control is wonky.  It never quite follows well and it doesn't reset to center easily.  It'd be nice if there was an ""Alexa, re-center camera"" command.  I had the settings set to only follow me with certain commands, but it looked for me every time I used my wake word.  I ended up turning off the motion.  It also shows the ""Alexa for Your Day"" screen constantly and I can't get it to stop.  Super annoying when you want it to just rotate family photos.  Sometimes the screen just goes black and I've had to restart it a half dozen times.  It looks pretty, but honestly until the bugs get worked out, it's inferior to my Echo Show 8. For the cost, it shouldn't have this many glitches."	2	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Got this to watch Netflix while doing dishes, it’s pretty cool having the screen follow you around the room. But it always seems to turn too much one direction or the other even if I’m standing still no matter what settings I change. Also it seems like it has a harder time hearing me than my other Alexa devices do. Other than those 2 things it’s great!	3	May 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	itis cool looking and is nice that it follows the sound of your voice 90% of the timebut is not as responsive as the previous unit.  we find ourselves repeating some basic commands up to 4 times. we love the looks and checking on our house when gone (a bit laggy, though), just wish it would be more responsive to basic commands.	3	May 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	The product has great picture and sound quality but the screen movement and microphone voice detection leave a lot to be desired.  I sometimes have to yell in order for the device to detect my voice and the screen will randomly rotate and had trouble following my movements. I'm not sure if it's an issue with this particular device or if it's a systemic problem.	3	April 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	"First I currently have five different Echo Alexa devices. My latest (and probably last) is the Echo Show 10 (3rd Gen) | HD smart display with motion and Alexa. Pros: None. Cons: First there is ""Alexa for your Day"" - a nightmarish ap that you can't get rid of. This would be enough to ensure I never buy another Echo device, but WAIT, there's more! The screen movement is jerky and unpredictable. Mostly, the screen points itself into a corner and then sits there and sulks. Fortunately, you can turn off the movement. The device's microphone is more deaf than my wife. I am constantly screaming at it and repeating everything I say two or three times. I am really disappointed in this device. Amazon should have just continued to use the same microphone they had in all their other devices. Finally, to end this tragic story. Amazon decided we all wanted to share our bandwidth with our neighbors which I certainly don't want to do. Amazon Sidewalk is another reason to not buy this device. This Echo is such an obvious marketing tool for Amazon that they should be paying us to take it into our home. What a terrible disappointment."	1	September 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was happy with it but then started to have too many problems had restart it about 5 times couldn't see the camera Tru my phone so i had to returned it too bad cus I really did want it	2	April 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is clunky, takes up large footprint, especially when allow for rotation.  She seems to loose you when trying to follow voice commands.  Poor music playing sound at higher volumes. Wouldn’t recommend purchase, I keep mine but just put in a guess room.  Wasted purchase	2	March 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	I really wanted to like this. I had a first generation show that saw daily use in the kitchen. Small screen and weak speakers but good enough for music, receptors, games, etc.When I saw the prerelease videos of this one, I thought it would be a great upgrade. But even with the bigger screen, with the better speakers, the moving screen, it is very underwhelming. The screen motion is gimmicky at best. I turned it off since it never really faces the right way. The screen is bright but mine has a weird shading at the bottom, probably a minor defect in the panel.  It does what the old show did but for the money (which I preordered and subsequently saw a price drop - how disappointing there too!), I just have a hard time saying it was worth it.	2	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Inferior speaker system to prior unit The sound on the original, first generation unit was superior to this unit. I don’t know why, I don’t know if it was the speakers or what it was but then the first generation unit broke and Echo doesn’t support it anymore. It had a massive software failure, never seen that happen before in a device where the company says we don’t know how to fix it or more accurately we don’t wanna fix it.	2	December 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Think the voice recognition on this thing needs improvement.  It is not as quick as my other echo products.  Find myself repeating my request too many times.  This can be very frustrating and enough to give it a 3 star overall instead of a 4 star.	3	July 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	The screen and sound quality are great, it’s a heavy and stable device. However I was disappointed with my experience that I do not believe meets the price tag. I could not watch some videos, could not set a steady non flashing screensaver, and the following feature works weird in my room probably because of the lighting that I was unwilling to adjust.	3	May 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	Returned	3	December 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	"The software is glitchy at best.  It needs rebooted about every other day as it freezes or is not recognized when I play music in speaker groups it is a member of.Additionally, the screen moves haphazardly and almost never comes back to it's correct ""rest"" position.  It is pretty, the sound is great, as is the screen.  Please correct these software issues"	3	March 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	The first step of set up froze. Should of known then this thing was gonna suck. You need to have like 5 feet all around so when it turns it doesn't hit anything and then even when you give it space and set up the space you want to allow it to turn, it turns on its own. I tried turning off the camera so it didn't try to follow me and it still turned! The motion of it turning and trying to follow you is nauseating. Skip it.	1	July 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	When I bought this echo, I was thinking is a full service android with possibility to have Skype on it and talk with family, because this is showing in the advertising video. But unfortunately it doesn’t have skype and you can not install it. Is hard in instruction and only I can use it for now when some one rings my doorbell and kid’s watch some videos, but same thing can do the iPad which have more functions.This is more like design bot utility.	1	August 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Product is glitchy. White cord is way shorter than previous models. I have 4 Alexas and by far most disappointed with this one.  Have to repeat myself and yell if giving a command while moving. It will stop talking if it bumps into something.  I have no idea why it keeps getting offset from my motion setting. Wish I had waited or could return.	3	April 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	It stopped responding with voice and it only plays music from iPhone. I reset it and sane problem. I have other friend users with the same issue. Fixes?	3	August 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	It worked fine til recently.... I called for Alexa for a command nothing happened so I disconnected it plugged back in work for a good hour or 2 and it stopped working again, and yes I checked all wifi connections and nothing.. I sent Amazon a email letting them know the issue about 4 days ago probably and they haven't answered me back yet.. hopefully they will respond when they read this review 👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽	2	December 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t recognize much more than the standard Alexa device. The following feature is flawed. The screen takes forever to load anything.	3	September 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	This Echo Show10 is still in its infancy. It doesn't turn to face in the right direction most of the time. Worse, it usually gave me the back instead?! To get to the content you wanted, you have to repeat the command many times and go through too many steps. I like the idea, but I returned the item and will probably get it again in a few years.	2	January 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	Disappointing, dissatisfied, failure all words that come to mind when describing this echo show. I upgraded Christmas 2021 from a Google home and this has been everything I never wanted. Google home is much smarter and less glitchy. Spotify just stops after 4 songs. She never understands anything you say. Doesn’t even have a Netflix app. Hulu is about the only thing that will launch. However it will never open or load my account only my boyfriends. And never has the show we were just watching in continue watching and there’s no option to search. You can only click recommendations. It’s not worth $250. Probably wouldn’t take it if it was free if I knew what I know now.	1	May 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	After a little over a year using this Alexa... It will no longer turn on. I have done a factory reset multiple times with no luck.	1	October 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	I got this for myself for mothers day! I have several echos and echo shows and am happy with them. This one does not respond well and does not seem to be an improvement over the others just more costly. It also seems to be a little glitchy with showing accurate time and date.	3	June 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	1) Screen randomly rotates during calls2) voice recognition is spotty3) the setting menu pops up during calls	3	September 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	It is extremely difficult to get understandable operating instructions. Amazon needs a team to create a decent operating manual. For example, I have been trying for 2 weeks to get Amazon's Skype to work on their product. It is still not working. The Alexa app will not accept my Amazon password. If I change it then Amazon will not work for me. Most explanations from Alexa are unusable.	3	March 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	New Echo show 10 does a pretty good job overall. However voice recognition doesn’t work well unless the monitor is facing you. At times i have to to say the wake word a couple of times to get it’s attention. Also the device’s ability to track a person while moving seem’s to lag. Overall the sound quality has improved over the echo show 2.	3	March 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	The microphone doesn’t work properly.The Bluetooth doesn’t work it’s making noise and static.The speakers doesn’t sound good. My echo show 8 has double and better sound quality.I try to exchange it but they didn’t allowed me. Now the speaker is seating there in the box like trash.	1	October 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Don’t expect to use it for searching the internet, it won’t, and it won’t even play its own media suggestions half the time. Get to know the “home” button really well because touching “home” is the only way you can get it working after it locks up trying to play media it recommends. It plays music well, but for video, keep your expectations very low.	3	March 31, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’m a life long user of Alexa and the 10 is close but still not all there for me.I’m not asking for it to do the important or impossible just do what it’s doing now correctly or even better. It sure can as I know it can. Stop telling me “ I don’t know that one “ and learn dammit z!	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	it seems product its not up to par with prior version of alexa, disappointed with functionality of product. will evaluate for a few more day and decide if I will return it.	1	October 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is my 3rd Echo device. The picture looks great, it follows you pretty well, but just like my children it doesn’t listen well. I find myself yelling at it more than I should. I have to talk loud,  slowly and very clearly to be heard and understood.	3	June 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	The unit itself is rather large. The picture quality of my own pictures, is not as good as the prior model.	3	September 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	I will keep adding to this review as my ordeal continues… bottom line: DO NOT BUY. Just get the previous generation.Original Review: The idea behind this new Echo Show is good, but not well executed at all!! The motion is lagging, not very precise. The biggest issue here for me is that whenever you play loud music/movie an error message pops up that is not in a stable surface “motion is temporarily disabled”. This message gets on and off until you stop the music, and the screen motion doesn’t work at all. They sent me replacement indicating that it was a calibration issue with the original, but the replacement is also having the exact same issue. I think it’s an issue with the design… more like a feature not a bug…. this is not ready for the market and it feels like a beta test device. They need to put a disclaimer in the listing if this an intentional feature…Update 2: they sent a third replacement… same problem. And now they sent a refurbished unit, when I bought a brand new one… the ordeal continues. Stay tuned.	1	October 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	The sound quality is good, but the motion only works about 50% of the time. The screen was nice, but it was really hard to navigate apps like Netflix and Hulu. Not having YouTube was a big letdown. I returned it after a little over a month and went back to a regular Echo.	2	February 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	I am an Amazon guy, I purchase every new Amazon product and you can see my history of purchasing.Unfortunately, this ECHO show is not what I was expecting it is defiantly not for the office desk , even with adjustment it still bumps on nearby objects.It losses connection with my home cameras after I connect themThank you	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	It's upsetting that amazon doesn't offer a price adjustment when you pay 250 and 45 days later it's 50 bucks cheaper. It's ki n d of buggie, the swivel is 50/50 doesn't always follow you. A couple of time I couldn't hang up when my daught and husband dropped in on me. It froze and had to unplug. Smh disappointed.	3	May 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	Set it all up. Motion worked once, then it said temporarily unavailable for days. Would not wake up in the morning, had to unplug it to get it to turn on. Too many glitches. Not worth the frustration.	3	July 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	I like the idea! However when the screen follows you it centers the screen with the camera. Meaning when you get close it centers on the camera not the screen and causes the device to have slight tilt to the left when trying to read what is on the screen… you guys need to add Hd screens to these too..	3	April 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	This product still has a lot of software glitch. It doesn't follow you 100% of the time and when to many people are in the same screen, it doesn't know who to follow. It also pixelate and tends to loose focuse from time to time. But over all, I am impressed with the technology and after a few software update, this thing would be pretty awesome.	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Don’t buy this, it never works, always does the opposite u ask and when u try to get help or return, the costumer service will be rude to you and yield at you. But pass that it never work, I have gotten 2 of them with the promise from Amazon that this second one will work best and it was actually worse than the first one. That’s my feedback and my own experience with this product	1	August 19, 2022	0
echo show 10	The motion function is very spotty worked good for the first few days now it can’t detect anyone and the screen faces the wrong direction. I bought it thinking I could use it to watch programs while cooking but as I move about my kitchen it doesn’t follow me anymore like it used to. Also the onscreen navigation is very poor you would think with all the technology in other tablets the mobility on screen and menus would be slightly better then it is but making changes on the Echo it’s truly easier for me to use my iPad Alexa app rather then using the echo.Also I noticed that either Alexa or Amazon seem to pick the same themed political news to show me. It only shows one sided news it doesn’t seem to pull news from different political points of view it seems to only be one sided.The Ring & Blink integrations are subpar at best I get a notification that sines at the front door but it takes 20-30 seconds to connect to see the live stream.The two things I have to say I like are the picture shuffle on the screen and the speaker the music plays very clear.	1	May 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	The device is pretty darn good, however, there are applications I would have liked to use but they are not available. If you are expecting this device to be an ipad then you will be disappointed. That being said, the device has great speakers and does do netflix and hulu. We were hoping to have youtubeTV on this but it is not supported.	3	March 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	I love the product but unfortunately mine was a little bit defective. I havent had it for long but there is already a huge command delay after I say the wake word. It can take anywhere from 10 to 30 seconds for my echo to begin to reply, it was pretty much instant out of the box.	3	April 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Very disappointed with software end of things. We had echo show 8 for a while and decided to upgrade to rotating 10 but it’s not prime time ready. It has lots of bugs that need to be flushed out. I love the concept and design but it’s been released too quickly and that’s unfortunate.	3	May 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	I received two Show 10’s several days ago. I wanted to set one up for Care Hub after considerable attempts I contacted Amazon for help. Despite several phone calls, Care Hub still not working. They were going to call me back after discussion with “leaders” but no response	3	June 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	What didn’t like I can’t video call a cell phone i thought that i was possible to video chat with my kids	3	September 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	I purchased this for my mother-in-law who has some dementia.  However, many of the screen images are just avertisements for add-on products that I can't stop her from seeing.  Yes, I can stop verbal sign-ups, but am not finding it effective.  And, to add insult to injury, I can't return it because I let her use it for too long.	1	September 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	Very slow and freezes up quite a bit. Very consistent with the rest of Amazon hardware and software. Luckily I paid around $80 after trade in etc etc etc. I do not think this device is worth more than $100 due to its poor performance.  A novice might think this device is “okay” then again it’s too complex to set up and the swivel feature is not quite a gimmick but doesn’t work in anything less than FULL sunlight.	1	August 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	Update 20210413:  A recent software update this weekend provided NO noticeable improvements; however, DID provide a serious downgrade to Amazon Silk (the only redeemable component IMO).  Now I cannot play YouTube videos for more than five minutes before Silk crashes and resets to the home screen.  This was the last bastion of hope for this device.  BTW, Firefox is dropping support for this device (via notice in the device).  It's now unplugged sitting in storage. NEVER AGAIN, Amazon.  I give you guys enough money without being outright robbed.The capabilities of this device are GREATLY diminished by its lame software integration.  I was especially appalled by the video playing capabilities of the built-in Prime Video App.  Seriously!  You guys are in complete control of this device AND the software!  Prime app has no search capabilities? ...horribly limited browsing?-Camera is terrible in low-light.  so if you're using it without an overhead lit space, rotation tracking fails, automatic screen brightness adjustment is unreadable, auto color adjustment is stupidly horrible....One bright spot is the Amazon Silk browser integration.  it works as expected.Recommended placement and usage:  bright kitchens for looking at recipes and listening to music.  that's it.	1	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	If I could get it to work for the purpose I purchased it perhaps I could say something better but now I’m stuck with something that isn’t even in my home and can’t return it now that it does not work.  Really wish it would just work	1	October 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	I was looking forward to getting this but it's a disappointment. The voice recognition is off on it and works when it went to.	3	August 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	It doesn't respond to correctly to orders for Amazon plugs, Drop in. So I gave up trying to correct it's faults, and am just going to live with them	3	August 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	I can’t believe they would make a product to go in your kitchen and you can’t see your recipe books in the kindle app. It wants to read the books to you, that doesn’t help at all. I would love it if it wasn’t for that.	2	March 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	This product has such potential. Was looking for a large screen with great sound to fit a nook in our kitchen. I had hoped this would be it. The screen is beautiful but the operating system is a nightmare. Half the time simple commands (that is followed the day before) are now completely foreign to it. Want to watch a movie you just purchased? Forget it. Was to restart a movie you were watching? Forget it. Want to turn on an upstairs light? Sometimes. Wish the richest man in the world would invest in a good operating system. These needs to be a usable product for the main stream public not just the devs working on it	1	May 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	The touch screen is very unresponsive and Alexa seems to be less intelligent on this device.Most of the quality seems to have been put into the speaker, which is pretty good.	2	April 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Excelente seguimiento facial en videollamadas y muy buen sonido, talvez le falta calidad a la pantalla y a veces presenta fallos al interactuar con Alexa en idioma Español, el navegador silk tampoco es muy eficiente se queda sin responder en ocasiones, tampoco cuenta con busquedas por nombre de musica en spotify y no muestra las letras.	3	May 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have alot alexa stuff this one was what I thought better but I have mix feelings. The pro its loud, nice screen follows you but that's about it .the cons I have to repeat myself alot hard to exit screens also knocks over anything you have around it.	3	June 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I have a show 8, which has better bass and over all sound.  I'm very disappointed in the quality of the sound and what the hell is up with sending it with a white power cord when the rest of it is black.  It stands out horribly.  I doubt I keep this, its just too much money for a 2"" large screen."	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have many regular Echo devices so I was excited to try this out but the experience is leaving me cold. Could be a great device but too many bugs. Screen is unresponsive to touch lots of times. The mics do not pick up the wake word very well unlike the other Echo devices I have. The screen being off centered when it follows you is a terrible experience. You have to grab the screen and turn it to you which makes it give you a warning about it hitting something. And that HORRIBLE Alexa For Your Day screen ruins the slideshow feature. I love Alexa and it is our choice for smart speakers but this device needs some serious work. Hopefully future upgrades will fix the shortcomings but as it stands now it is not worth the money.	2	March 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	I enjoy show, just doesn’t always respond when even I’m in front of her, I have to yell at her to get a reaction command, the follow me response only when I give a command when I walk near. Emojify quick look ups when she does respond, being to watch a movie while cooking, find Recipe helps a lot	3	April 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Product has awesome sound & picture quality. A lot of the time it does not hear skip, play, thumbs up/down no matter how loud or how close you are to device. It also doesn’t understand stations requested sometimes no matter how simple the request. Perfect sound quality when it does get it right.	3	May 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	Does a poor job of tracking you especially when you drop in on people. Does a poor job of syncing to my speakergroups. Doesn't understand commands as well as my other alexia devices.	3	July 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Very difficult to find anything on the machine. It move with the slightest motion. I want to to move when I change positions drastically only. Hard to find playlist or play music manually. Everything has to be done by voice. Will update review if it’s operator error.	2	February 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	It have a really nice picture and sound but not easy to navigate through no app button to open apps or install apps, instead you slide the screen from left to right. If it was more like a table since it looks like one would have been better.	3	June 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	The concept of this is much better than the reality. If you’re expecting a tablet like experience, think again. The interface is hard to get used to, and it is often wrong. Like I say, it is very buggy.Examples include: inability to restart a video after pausing, incorrect lyrics for the song playing, completely freezing up and becoming unresponsive, app crashes, voice recognition problems (completely ignoring us shouting “Alexa! Stop!” and continuing to blast the wrong song), and a lot of minor irritationsThe device itself is great when working as expected, but the screen interface portion needs some huge improvements. If that were to happen, I’d happily change my review, but right now I couldn’t recommend this product.	2	August 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	The sound isn’t ask good as previous versions, and the pivoting base is more of a pain than convenience.	3	September 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Great update but missing some important aspects. Alexa seems to have trouble hearing me (it’s in the same location as my previous echo show) and why would they ship a white power cord with the black units? Makes it look cheap, like you just used what was laying around. The software will need updates, but I’m sure those are on the way.	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Esta fallando mucho le digo ponme música de este artista y me pone a otro no sigue instrucciones y lo peor es que me afecto alas demás que tengo  tienen. Que arreglar este problema  pensé que iba a traer más aplicaciones pero no	3	June 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Terrible intergration with Audible - which is the primary reason I purchased this device. I returned it	1	November 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	Until Amazon develops some kind of screen lock even as basic pin. I wouldn't recommend it if you have kids. They can't even eat peaceful without having things playing in it.	1	October 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	Forced me to use them for Hue lights, systemic issues. If you're going to take over, then buy them out.	1	November 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Echo Show 10 doesn't ""do"" anything my laptop can't do better (except for the quality of the voice recognition).  Think I will return it before the end of our 30 day return period . . ."	3	July 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	Way too many bugs - screen hangs every now and then, the screen fails to detect people in the room and turn according, very slow performance. Most of the times, I’m playing the device and the screens looking the other way!	1	October 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	Really really nice for my elderly mother who lives alone. It allows me to follow her all over the room for her safety and comfort to see me as well.  It occasionally turns to a blank wall but has always reset itself. FOLLOW UP 4/15/21:. I just returned device for refund. It got worse about going everywhere and not being consistent on following my mother. She had to keep telling it to follow her. Also, it's audio was terrible with interference more than three feet away from where it sat. We depend on being able to talk to my hearing impaired mother so need the volume high. Went back and ordered another Gen Two Show which has no audio issues. Amazon needs to work on issues and improve on next update. Five stars down to two.	2	March 5, 2021	0
echo show 10		2	July 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	This Echo Show 10 was purchased as a gift with the intent of being able to FaceTime with our kids and grandkids, however to date, that has not happened.  We've discovered that you cannot FaceTime on a phone that is not associated with an Amazon Prime account.  As such, the Echo will not allow.  Extremely frustrating.	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	The UI is poor and while it seems straightforward, most of the features are laggy and it takes too many steps to get simple tasks done. Idea is great, but UI and execution puts it down.I missed the return window so can’t even return the $#%!y device	1	September 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	The speaker quality of when you receive a call from the Echo was low.	3	September 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	It works like most Alexa devices but the screen is supposed to turn toward your voice but it has a mind of its own. Very annoying.	3	August 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	The device motion tracking is a bit creepy at first but neat. Overtime Alexa becomes slow to respond or cannot seem to understand basic commands. This is always resolved by a reboot (which should not be needed). Sometimes it stops and says it bumped into something, and there is nothing there.	3	May 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Maybe I got a dud, but I have had to restart my Echo Show for the past 3 weeks before it will play music.  I ask it to play a song, and 9/10 times it tells me, ""I'm sorry but I can't play music right now.""  for three weeks straight.  The only way to make it work is to restart the echo.  I have it set to play music on all 4 of my alexa devices.  The echo will tell me it can't play music.  Then 5 minutes later, the song I requested will play on the other 3 devices but still not play on this echo.  Just be warned."	2	July 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	I've had this model for over a year and the microphone is awful.  My other echo devices work wonderfully and respond about 95% accurately but this model needs a lot of work.  I often have to yell for it to respond and when it does, it's only about 40% accurate.  I use it a lot as I'm disabled and I rely on it to control home devices.  I've sent tons of feedback through the device itself and through the app.  I wouldn't buy this until they upgrade the microphone.	1	June 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	"It's okay. I enjoy having YouTube up while I was dishes and playing music. Sometimes I have to yell when it's doing something to get it to stop. I would like to be able to customize it a bit more - the constant ""suggestions"" can become aggravating."	3	June 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	Half the screen doesn't recognize when you're touching it. You ask it one thing and it answers something random like the local weather or something. Terrible device, stay away at all cost. Customer service was no help either, I will never buy another Amazon device. Manager I spoke with who could solve the problem just transferred me to someone else and that person transferred me to someone else. Terrible service and terrible product	1	August 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	Well the product had an update yesterday...I am guessing for its motion features but the sound quality isn't as great as I thought. I am big fan of music and I like to listen to it on my Echo.... loudly. However, most songs come out with some static. I don't like that at all...The swivel is cool though	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	It is wonderful for games, music, videos, reminders and alarms, and so many other things. I would give this device a five star if it were not so glitchy. Too often it loses connection, or just kicks you right out of a game. Also, it can be very difficult to access videos. Sometimes you have to ask it two or three times or even unplug it for a while. Again, if this product worked perfectly it would be amazing.	2	November 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	This Echo is basically a paperweight at this point. I’m pissed that I spent $250 on a product that offers ZERO technical support. It can’t play Netflix, Prime, Tubi, you name it. No video streaming services can play. My video home app doesn’t even work. When I try to reset it, the problem remains the same. I’ve purchased 5 echos and they’re all glitchy. Sometimes I can get Alexa to play music, and sometimes she just ignores me. That I can deal with, but the fact that I can’t even get Amazon Prime to play on it pisses me off! I’ve had the Echo 10 for less than a year. I’d expect these type of issues in 4 maybe 5 years, not 8 months! I’m going back to using my iPad tablet.	1	March 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	What a disappointment. Setup was very easy since Amazon basically set it up for you. The new echo is really sleek and modern looking. The problem starts as soon as you plug it in. The screen jerks around when setting up. The motion follow me feature is a nightmare. The screen jerks around trying to follow you, often ending up facing somewhere else. Today I find that no sound is coming from it. I have 4 other echo devices and they are all responding but not the new echo. My new echo 5 is also acting up now, reboots itself all day long. Not only is the echo 10 going back, but so is the new echo 5. I would wait to purchase, Amazon clearly released it with many issues.	2	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	Poor connection. Great screen. Have to unplug and plug in all day for it to respond to me. Voice recognition very poor. I bought two and very unsatisfied. Repeats one response over and over until I unplug it and reboot will work for 5 minutes and have to unplug again. Reach it before u buy	1	September 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	It isn't any better than the Echo 10 that doesn't move.  Same video, same sound.Not worth the hype, but highly encourage getting multiple years of Geek Service, because you know something will go wrong.	3	July 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I wish there were more integration of video playback apps. Peacock. Hulu. Etc. It’s a nice little system. Having to teach my wife that people have to have the Alexa app at least installed on their phones and turned on will allow more video playback use in our household.	3	May 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	First of all I was so excited to have this new product. It was what I was looking for. It has some problems though. It does not show the nest cameras. I do not have any problem with my other echo show's. It also does not show the ring doorbell.	3	May 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	Like the old one better.  Only reason I upgraded was the new one has bluetooth.  Now the station I listen to stopped playing on echo due to who knows what.  No help from support.  Does not display calendar events like the old one did.  Would like the old one back.	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Overall its ok, but the motion sensor does not work well.  It often get stuck in a location facing away from me and I’ll physically have to rotate it.  Also sometimes the pictures are full screen and sometimes they aren’t.  There are also a few misc buggy things that will probably get fixed over time.	3	March 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	For starters we cook lots and we of course enjoy music while cooking! The main reason we bought this was for that purpose, it’s a simple software update but cmon!This is our first Show product as we are coming from a Gen 1 echo. It’s a substantial upgrade and works well in our open floor plan.	3	March 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	Sometimes it doesn’t hear it’s name unless you scream it. I never had this issue with my other shows. Also the motion is in predictable.  It should be able to turn toward your voice when you say Alexa.  I would consider it overpriced compared to my other shows. Sound quality is great on the upside	3	March 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	It looks like this device still has a lot of bugs that would turn the entire screen black. For instance, if you ask for the weather, you will hear the weather status but the screen would turn black. Screen will eventually display your photos or something else later. It seems like a buggy device.	2	January 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	Not seeing any upside yet over prior version. Still a solid user experience but the camera movement is inconsistent and needs to be reset frequently. Camera quality is good. My family sees a difference over our old Echo Show. V1 of anything tech usually takes time to work out the bugs. This is no different	3	March 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	We bought this device for the follow me feature (rotate the camera) to follow your instructions. And it performs really bad, we have to be constantly asking to follow us cause it parks in an odd position. Also, if it is playing music it stop hearing your voice. So frustrating.	2	January 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	The tracking (follow me) is awful. I have a $20 Waze camera that tracks me 100x better than this $250 product.In retrospect, I should’ve just purchased the Echo Show 8	3	July 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Hands down the worst echo device i own. (2 4th gen echos, 2 - 3rd gen dots, 1 2nd gen dot, and this piece of garbage).The 2nd gen dot listens better than this does. You can have your face 3” from the device and it still won’t wake when you say Alexa, or it will show the little “light bar” at the bottom or whatever it’s called and look like it’s listening, but will just go off after you finish speaking without doing whatever you asked it to do. Definitely don’t buy if you’re running speakers throughout your house. Don’t know what it’s problem is but if it’s included in a speaker group (I mainly use all these devices to play music throughout the house) expect it to work maybe 50% of the time, and that’s regardless of which device/room you tell to play from.  Want the music to stop?  Expect to tell the system to stop playing at least 5 times. Remove it from the group and everything works perfectly. 100% do NOT recommend.	1	October 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I received my Echo Show 10 and the original seal on the box had been cut open and then another new seal was put on top of that.  This led me to think that I may have a returned or defective product so I called Amazon for a replacement.  I've had the first one received connected until I had time to connect the new replacement they sent.  Meanwhile in the last two days I cannot get it to recognize voice control....I'm really glad this one is going back.  Hoping better luck with the new one.	2	September 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	I preordered it and here I am, months later and still unhappy with it. The echo show 8 is way better! This one doesn’t recognize when spoken to, have to repeat over and over what we want and it is slooooowwww when responding to a command or when skipping a song etc… The camera is what Made me purchase it, I thought it would be great for checking on my dogs, but it won’t move. It stays in the direction that you leave it pointing at. I don’t know if I could return it since it’s been months and I guess I’ll be stuck with it, but I rather keep using the echo show 8	2	July 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The previous model had issues with hearing my family and I consistently. This newer model I purchased 2 months ago is even worse. My family and I usually have to say the wake word 2 to 4 times before it activates. Sometimes it randomly activates when the room is completely quiet.Half the time when I ask it to do something it says ""okay"" but then doesn't do it. Then I have to repeat myself at least two more times before it actually does what I ask. I'm frustrated to the point where I want to toss it in the trash! I might just buy a Nest Hub Max instead."	1	May 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	I feel like the third generation of the echo show 10 doesn't here as well as the second generation echo show 10 did. I do like all the other new features added and I think the unit has potential with some software updates.	3	June 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have Echos since they first came out and have LOVED all of them!  This one is not as good.  I still can't figure out how to use the remote camera feature.  Additionally, the rotating is often off and the sound quality seems to be lacking.	3	March 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	I pretty much bought every single echo devices that came out and I was very excited about this new mode.The motion detection is pretty good and the video quality is great but it's been pretty slow at responding to questions. Hoping it's an out of the box bug that will be fixed soon	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	"You get a fancy new show, with a big screen to show off those pictures of your family, the dog, the vacations you took and to provide you with useful information that you want.  Well what if I told you that for 20 minutes straight, various times throughout the day, you will be spammed with ""Alexa for your day"" which removes all those aforementioned items to tell you what Alexa can do for you.You can't turn off Alexa for your day, you can't make it go away.  So when your guests are over looking at your family pictures, they will be inundated with Amazon ads, telling you what you already know.I have owned a number of smart devices and nothing is worse that purchasing something just so it can give you information that you already know, don't need and can't disable.  We purchased the Show 10 so that we can see what we want to see.  Unless you're going to give it away for free, stop showing us ""Alexa for your day"" and give us the option to disable it."	1	July 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	So disappointed Papa uses Alexa to have his service dog tell him to get meds. The Alexa was old & dying. So bought this one and can’t figure it out. Not as easy to use for old people as the original Alexa. Can’t even figure out how to make appointments or reminders.	1	September 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	Super simple to set up, but:Voice recognition is iffy at best. Touch screen is non too sensitive. Uses Bing as a search engine, which is nothing short of a complete DISASTER. Doesn't follow too well either, which is why I bought 2 of these in the first place.	3	April 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	Its been over a year that we have owned Alexa and its very disappointing. Used primarily to video chat with our grandkids and the quality of the video calls are terrible. Glitchy, scrambled, freezing, the list goes on. Our internet is over 300mbps and that is not the problem. Routine calls turn into hanging up and both of us rebooting the Echo ( we own the same model) I wont even get into the offset camera or other annoying downgrades. The camera that follows you, not very good. In the age of video calls, this unit is not very good.	1	May 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is a unique electronic unit that I would recommend to anyone who has a strong WiFi connection. Not a slow connection either. I had to buy the echo unit to complement this unit. These work beautifully. I am truly happy with this purchase. Thank you for letting me review this	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have had problems from early on. Just stops responding to voice commands although the blue light indicates that is is hearing. I have reset to factory defaults numerous times. Not much help from Amazon. They were not interested in replacing and now it is too late.	1	September 19, 2022	0
echo show 10	I've had previous generations of the Echo Show and find that this one is not very sound sensitive when asking it to do something. You either have to repeat yourself or speak louder and then you run the risk of your other Echos responding.	3	May 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	As a long time Alexa fan, this one is a HUGE let down. Almost every time we need to shout just to get this thing to listen and we're within 5 feet. Half the time it doesn't respond or carry out a simple task. Amazon quality has gone way down.	2	January 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	Nice to watch streaming shows on whole cooking.  Awful for functionality.  “Follow me” is buggy.  Despite having a “center” you set (and rotation limits), it’s often stuck looking at the coffee maker or toaster.  Ask to drop in from a dot or show 5, and connection to the other device is instantaneous.  Drop in from this thing, and you’ll be waiting for 30seconds to a minute for a connection.  It reminds me of trying to use a pc full of viruses or something.  Obviously way underpowered from a processing standpoint.  Does not support Skype as advertised.  Basically it’s an overpriced tablet only good at two things, movie playing and music playing (Unless there’s a notification from a ring doorbell, in which case it exits the video app, and when you go back in doesn’t remember where the video was so you have to fast forward etc).  Very frustrated with it.  Good sounding speaker though, I guess.	1	December 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	This device had me waiting for it from the moment it was announced, I bought it at the very moment it came out, I thought it was a well-worked evolution of all the Alexa devices, but it was not so, the first thing I didn't like is the exaggerated large frames on the screen, seems a digital portar portrait 12 years ago, a It is very difficult to send a cable and a black charger? Amazon will surely be able to improve this... then comes the movement that makes the device is always asking if turning properly and at every moment stop turning and you have to turn it back manually what is a mess. Besides that Alexa is a disappointment it works badly and I couldn't integrate it in a functional way with my smart home teams,  for example for Alarm.com you have to say too long phrases and for the robot vacuum you only turn it on and the off you can do nothing else, when you ask for some help Alexa you have to say his name every time In short, I wouldn't buy this equipment because it was more of a headache than something fun	1	March 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	I really wanted to LOVE this but alias since it's new technology I does not always focus on the person talking and you are unable to see the screen.  So there a few bugs that need to be worked out before I would recommend buying!	3	April 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	I do not like the fact that the device will tell me someone is at my front door, but will not show me a picture unless I ask it to. If the device is connected to the Ring app and synced, why cant it show a picture on that big beautiful screen?  The pictures are great, by the way. I think there should be much better cooperation between Alexa  and Ring. since both are owned by Amazon. Please improve the app so it will work better. I bought the Echo Show because  am handicapped and cannot run to door all the time. So, thank you in advance for you help	2	July 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition is terrible. Alexa doesn’t respond or react when we talk to it. I often wonder if we should try a different device. Im definitely underwhelmed by this one. However, The picture quality is very good. We mostly use it for music.	2	February 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	I like it because it helps me to call my kids while I'm at work so I can be two places at once and I'm a single mom. I dislike when it keep turning to much while I was talking to my babies.	3	May 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	I purchased the darker color model because it's going a dark table, only to receive it with a bright white power cord.  OK, I get it, functionally is not an issue, but come on...	3	June 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	My old echo woke up immediately and preformed the task I asked this new one is slow. I'm still trying to conect the blue tooth speakers that the old ech saw with ease but the new one isn't finding them. Probably operator error but the latency is my biggest concern.	3	March 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	first they send a white cord for a charcoal echo show 10, need to send all owners of this color a black cord. second motion detection is all over the place, needs a firmware update. third and recurring theme as always, NO YOUTUBE...work it out with GOOGLE. DO BETTER AMAZON!!	3	March 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Bought this to help in the kitchen, only to discover how extremely limited the ""skills"" are despite the advertising with the kitchen as a focal point.Now it sits as an expensive kitchen timer and toy for the kids and I expect their fascination to fade soon.Very disappointed."	3	March 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	This Echo has been the bane of my existence. It doesn’t listen, always says it cannot understand me, and does things the opposite of what I ask. The picture quality for calls is horrid and it constantly disconnects, or has a poor reception. I have 10 other echo devices and none are as bad as this model. I have done a warranty exchange and it changed NOTHING! Now they will not do anything for me and it is serving as a large useless paperweight, disconnected in the corner of one of my rooms where it cannot continue to bother me. HELP!	1	May 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	While the screen quality, audio, and motion tracking capabilities are good, the video quality can be slightly subpar. The virtual assistant is extremely disappointing, often giving irrelevant or useless information when asked and occasionally ignores or misinterprets voice commands. Perhaps it’s because it’s not used to my voice quite yet, but it seems less knowledgeable and personable than my Google Nest Hub, which I have had for longer and have been using for two years prior. I was expecting the reliability of Google Assistant plus the new features of the Echo Show 10, but so far I am pretty disappointed with how Alexa handles my requests.	2	July 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	If it just did in a simple way what you ask it to do, that would be perfect. But it's always pushing into your personal information. Plus it lack the simplicity that would be helpful. I just want this and it with continue to add stuff until it's an irratation. Not to mention recording what you say and do (video) as it's listening. Not for me.	1	August 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	I am in love with this device , if you have family far away it shortens the distance . And your family is a simple request away. I thank all the people who made this device possible . However it has issue with finding direction . And it always get stuck.	3	February 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have a show 8 and 10. I like the 8 better IMO. I think it has a lot nicer version of Alexa, and the Alexa on the 10 is her doppelgänger. She doesn’t even sing to me like 8 does. The 8 just seems like she wants to help me vs the 10 is like someone who HAS to be there. I also think the 8 has far superior microphones and the 10 seems super glitchy.	1	July 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	Can I give 0 star? Product don't work is continue to freeze on amazon logo and don't complete the boot, I am unable to find a support on amazon/alexa website to complain about this issue.	1	September 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	I only kept this thing because the picture and sound quality are exceptional.  It's terribly overpriced, though.	3	August 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I would have to agree, we bought too soon. Having purchased all generations from the 5 to the 10 3rd gen, by far the MOST disappointing. As the other reviews, off-set camera, glitches EVERYWHERE, won't recognize you over half the time and to me, quality family time. My son discovered Puzzle of the day, and it has gotten unbearable. So yes the software needs a huge fix. The bouncing is way too much. I have it on my island and with the white cord being the shortest ever, I am waiting for it to fall and break. I bought the 2, but I have only installed one. The Echo 8 is my go to. It understands me in both my native tongue and English. It responds to the commands better and doesn't freeze as much. Great idea, but it was badly executed. Please work on the fixes and even a free trade in for the updated version. I will definitely wait and consider other platforms before the next release of Echo. If you can wait, wait. If you have the money and have to have one, look at the older versions. Happy shopping.	1	March 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have no idea how it works since it arrived without a cable to even plug it in 🙄. Seriously.	1	October 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Adaptive color is absolutely horrific but other than that the screen quality is great but the software still needs a lot of work glitchy transitions between commands are everywhere.	3	July 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	El sistema de audio es perfecto pero lo demás le falta mu ho en mejorar. Y para lo que es muy caro en el precio.	3	July 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	Overall, it's decent but I expected this device to be a little more accurate. Sometimes the rotation gets stuck or lags. Also, the voice commands aren't as accurate as other (less expensive) Alexa devices. The speaker quality is pretty good. For the price, I think the overall quality is lackluster.	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not what I expected. Hope software update creates a better experience eventually.	2	June 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	"It can't even adjust the volume half the time when giving a verbal command. It doesn't swivel as well as expected (so I turned motion off), often not facing me when I try and interact with it. The home screen rarely displays even after uploading photos to Amazon Photo and then only for a few seconds. I would like the availability of more streaming apps like HBO Max or YouTube TV. It arrives with Prime video, HULU, and Netflix. I haven't found a way to remove Netflix since I do not use that service.Not going to return it as I am hoping a software update will improve some functions. Thankfully I did not purchase this for a parent. I would seriously doubt they could of used it using voice commands.The default display is normally ""Try Alexa"" which gets annoying.I own echo devices but have never owned a previous echo show before. Maybe I was expecting to much?The Echo Show 10 does have good sound and I was able to configure it with Sirius XM.I would not recommend this unless you see it in action for yourself."	1	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	The software is awful. Making video calls is slow and unreliable. I have a 1Gbps mesh network in my house with exceptional speed as do my family members. iPhone FaceTime with them works flawlessly and at high quality. And yet my Echo Show has problems connecting or my Echo way in the other room hears me better than the Echo Show 10 I’m standing right next to. I have to go in the other room and tell Alexa to hang up. Me and my family members who I made purchase this are all annoyed and frustrated that we don’t want to bother calling with it anymore. Video occasionally freezes, the screen doesn’t track the person talking all the time, and it is slow to react to voice commands. Lots of software work needed here.	1	March 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	Does everything my other 15 Alexa devices do, but I expected better sound with deeper bass given weight and size of it. Sounds like my echos. Weak.	3	July 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’ve had the one week and encountered problems with in 2 days. The screen kept turning black and the time kept appearing with missing numbers. Also the motion would not work properly. I do not think this was a new item I was given. I’m returning. Hopefully Amazon will make this right and send me a new one. I put the screen on do not Disturb and I turned off the motion sensor and the tablet would move instead of being still. I would like to get the full experience of this product. I’m just Disappointment at this point	2	September 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	I like the device and the screen.  I would like more if the screen tilt was motorized as well.Overall sound quality is great and image on screen is very clear.Over all my issue is with Alexa it self vs the device.	3	April 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	Just getting started with this and I love the follow feature for use in the kitchen. I'll update more later but I can not understand why they would put a white cord and power adapter with a black device. Just makes no sense.	3	April 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	While this device is good i believe the 2nd gen is better. The last gen had much better voice recognation..	3	August 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Love the idea but sometimes it takes long to respond or it gets stuck, if it’s dark then the screen won’t detect you. Touch screen is not very responsive. Not as fun as I thought it was gonna be. The speaker is huge! :/	3	April 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	Update:This unit is even worse now!Does not respond!!!I've noticed my family and my self constantly getting louder and louder to the point of yelling, trying to get this unit to respond.Half the time it just doesn't respond, and half the time it doesn't recognize things it's connected to (lights, music, phone, drop-in)So frustrating!Voice recognition issues with Echo Show 10.I have a few Echo 8's and 5's that work great, not the 10 though.Issues with voice recognitionIssues with pairing to my cell phoneIssues with camera trackingThe more expensive is not always the best.	1	April 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	Good : Picture quality is good , sound is great.Bad : Large bezel , when turns and it stops slightly off the middle not facing you .  Home page sucks , if you have  iPad  you ll have trouble using echo show  .Returning	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	It does not EVER turn to the spot where the persons voice is. I have trained it more than 10 times now and it still is flaky. There is nothing special about this one other than a few added bells and whistles (like turning to where your voice is). Alexa voice recognition is not the best in the world ... it has major issues and has not been improved after their initial development. it does not use any logic and follow thro'sSpeaker quality is OK... I'd rather spend money on a SONOS system and use bluetooth to sync to a smaller / cheaper Echo and get better sound...	2	June 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	For years I wanted something like this and when it came out I bought it right away. Sadly, I wish I had waited a few generations because this is super glitchy. It can’t understand my voice as well as my smaller echo and it is very resistant to going outside the Amazon realm for apps such as Netflix, etc. That is the most annoying part is if it can’t understand you there is no backup like a keyboard search option. I would not recommend buying this….yet.	2	October 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	echo show used to be great when it was responsive now i constantly have to yell at it multiple times just for it to follow thru a command. kind of disappointing. prob the last show i will buy.	2	February 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	Product photos show a split screen that looks like the widgets available on the Echo Show 15. After hours and hours of research and feeling crazy, it turns out you can’t actually have a split screen view, only scrolling on this Echo Show 10. And every other integration I tried didn’t work or only partially worked (Arlo, Ring, MLB TV). Had high hopes for this being a family hub but will be returning it.	1	July 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	Pros: Audio is great, concept is great, screen is vibrant.Cons: Alexa listens very poorly, worse than an echo dot. The screen rotation is off more times than not. For some reason only this device won’t control my Sony tv, when all other alexas do.	3	April 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	Some times After Bluetooth connection the audio doesn’t return without messing around	3	August 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	As an electrical engineer I fully believe this product should not have gone out. Whatever group worked on this threw together a underwhelming poor product. An hobbyists could design some faster(processing) and with better quality for the same price. Screen has horrendous response to touch input. When it does sense input the process response time is slow. Video quality is awful. Video calls fail to connect or even start in the first place 85% of the time. Why they would the camera off to the side makes no sense as it screws up the motion tracking and never points the screen perpendicular to you. Realistically it’s only good for a speaker with moderate bass. I was really looking forward to this when it was first announced but was left very disappointed.	1	March 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	This device was a total lemon, and now I can’t even find the option to try to get some money for it as a trade in when I try to purchase the newer Echo Show model.The screen function where it follows you constantly needed to be recalibrated and it totally stopped responding to my voice a few months ago. I bought it in March of 2021 and it worked well for 6-8 months, then needed constant attention to keep it working, then in October of 2021, it finally just stopped responding to voice commands at all. It was a total let down. I have several Alexa devices and this is the only one that has made me question my loyalty to the brand. The echo dots usually need to be replaced every couple years, but for this price point I was hoping for more longevity out of this particular device.	1	January 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	Doesn't really connect to where I am I just wish that I would be able to pick me up where I'm located in the room I'm hoping that they try to fix this and sometimes you just keep spinning around looking for me	3	April 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I will be returning the new ES 10 if Amazon cannot fix the following issues:* Photos freeze* Device does not display entire photo album* Interval between dissolves does not reflect chosen speed* Annoying ""Alexa for Your Day"" screens appear after every photo* Displays / cycles same 25 - 30 photos even though 200 photos are in the album* Same photo dissolves 4 or more times without advancing* Completely dark screen occasionally appears and remains for 5 - 10 minutes* Seems to have a mind of its ownI have spoken with Amazon techs at least three times. They say that I will be notified . . .by tonight or tomorrow night.  Ticket has been sent to engineering. We are working on the problem . . . The only email response that I received was an instructional page detailing how to add photos.My Echo Show 5's and 8's have no issues at this time.I like the ES 10's appearance and functionality on my desk and hope that these issues can be resolved.Where is my nearest UPS Store?"	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wanted to use it to call up a map of the subject while reading in bed - nope.  Cute, but absent inegral web browsing via Alexa, not much to it.  Don't need it to look at me like a puppy.	3	April 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	There need to be an update to this. Can not view live stream unless I’m on the same WiFi network. That does me no good if I’m away from home. Update please. Night vision. I don’t even believe it is equipped with that feature.	3	April 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I’m still playing with it, but there’s an issue following me and setting its 180 rotation swivel. 90% of the time it’s facing away from me, despite setting the limits or its turn ratio. Also I wish it would angle up and down as well.	3	March 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	We love Alexa devices. Bought this one as an upgrade but the voice recognition is the worst I’ve seen. I’m standing right in front of it, speaking clearly and slowly and it plays the wrong song all the time. So frustrating!	2	February 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Slow to react, poor voice recognition, the moving screen does not work well, does not really face the speaker when the speaker speaks.	1	October 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	Slow response tine to voice command.. the movement was too much... even jerky at times... it was nit as easy to use as i thought it would be. I returned mine.	2	March 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	Always tells me not enough light. the Following works part of the time. When i ask it to turn light on, It reply's with do you mean Light ? if have to say Yes then it turns it on. It understands half of what i say. It's like having a kid all over again, I have to keep repeating myself before it understands me & sometimes it remembers what i said if i ask it the same thing later in day. I have 3 other Alexa Echo's they work 95% of the time, but the SHOW is a NO  SHOW at this point !	2	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	When I bought it all was fine. Priced great with a trade in value also. Then few days later nothing worked. It was if all connections hubs were gone. Nothing in did was right. I eventually had to hook up the old one and it all worked. Now I have two the trade in I use in the bedroom. But unfortunately I have lost my 60 dollars that I would have gotten if I trade in.	2	October 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I have had the echo dot for a few years. It could always understand and respond to my voice and most others. This one does ... it cant do simple operations like close a view (Ring Camera), cannot understand simple words and the 360 swivel works when it feels like. Mostly ""hits an obstacle"" ... invisible ones."	1	August 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	A great product in theory, but very buggy. The motion track  doesn’t work all that well. Videos stop in the middle of playing for no reason. Alexa doesn’t do a great job with comprehending some simple tasks. I’m disappointed with it.	3	April 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	^^^ is EXACTLY all this pos device says. It NEVER WORKS EVER! All I use it for is music . This is my second one and when I tell you that the motion camera doesn’t work .. I swear Hellen Keller can follow me blind more than this device can. Don’t even get me started with Alexa … she doesn’t work at all. One day just says “sorry something went wrong” then… THEN. Reset my entire device and all my smart bulbs.. yeah whatever people have bigger problems well idfc about other peoples problems . This is so frustrating I can’t take it anymore . Why put out a pos device and not fix the bugs inside it .. Jeff besos… put your time and money into hair plugs becuase you can’t run this company anymore being a yes man to everything	1	January 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	I just spent 30 minutes on the phone with product support trying to figure out how to put the different tiles on the home screen, as shown on the product page, only to have them confirm that the photo shown in the product page is false advertising and you cannot actually Make the display Show multiple tiles or widgets on the echo show 10.Also, For some reason they placed the camera offset and not centered.  Which then makes the whole thing rotate slightly offset from your face.  Im sure this could easily be fixed by a software update but it hasn’t been yet.  Very annoying to be doing something in the screen with it slightly rotate away from you.	1	March 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t follow me like it’s advertised. I have to repeat myself many times to get a response and I’m standing right next to it! Picture quality when talking to a family member with the 8 is horrible, low res. Constant zooming in and out when I’m sitting still in one place. Absolutely HATE that it constantly try’s to push advertising and marketing on me with suggestions I didn’t ask for. It’s going back. Big waste of money for a gadget that was sent to market WAY too soon.	2	September 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Screen does not track on center.  Great sound and great quality.	3	August 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	I use this for my 3 year old to watch videos during lunch.  Wish the screen would lock into place. When she touches it to change a video, it moves too much due to force and needs to be recentered each time.	3	March 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	Initially this thing was pretty cool. it tracked your movement and would respond to your verbal interaction. My kids would remote into the device from other rooms to ask us questions and see where we were as this thing was placed on the kitchen Island and we could also remote into it and see when they were home. But over the course of a month it would just randomly spin aimlessly. It wouldn't sync when we would reset it. It crashed and would not respond to movement or commands. Now it is just a senile and delusional electronic device that answers questions nobody asked, tracks objects that are not there and has conversations with the television. And it just plain creeps out anyone that comes to our house to include our dog! What a waste!	1	February 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	No ability to Zoom?! And I cannot add any apps. Also the user interface is confusing and it crashes and randomly closes the screen you are one. Yes I did the update as soon as it arrivedI'll update once Zoom is added	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have a difficult time with the follow me. I have it on a counter and it seems to get stuck a lot. I’ve tried several times to set the rotation but it doesn’t seam to work well.	3	April 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Works ok, needs light for rotation to work properly, had charcoal but the charging cable is white for some reason?	3	July 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	And I thought the 2nd generation echo show 10 was bad. This one is worse. It never listens and when it does it has about a 10-15 second lag until it will respond to a request. Which 7 out of 10 times is the wrong request. I have to factory reset it about once every 2 weeks. It has never been an option to use as a hub. You can’t add it to any speaker groups. The thing has a mind of its own. I mean it doesn’t even give me this echo show 3rd gen as an optional product to trade in. So if you love yelling at your Alexa that doesn’t do a damn thing that you ask, then this is the perfect Echo show to bring home for the family to hate. Enjoy 👎🏼	1	February 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	Almost exactly at a year, this unit stopped taking any voice commands, and is exceptionally glitchy (really probably for the last 3 months its been brewing). We have had many Echo devices in the past none of which have malfunctioned this badly. Of course like all organized adults with three children, I called just about a week over the year deadline to get a replacement and they can't help me. Generally I've been pretty happy with prior Echo devices but this was pretty much a lemon. initially we like the follow me feature, but I would say it is more of a beta feature, or whatever is less than a beta feature. It spends a lot of time facing the wall.	1	March 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	Great device, however the setup has a been a huge waste of time. The device has some massive WiFi issues. The older Echo Show 7 worked fine in the same spot, but this one is dropping packets left, right and centre.	3	March 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I got this stupid thing as a Christmas gift so I can't return it. I replaced my gen 1 echo, and have been continuously disappointed since. The voice recognition is so bad, I have to walk up to the stupid thing for it to recognize my voice. Keep in mind I am comparing it to another echo that I had in the same spot for over two years. The display keeps showing me stupid ""things you can do"" and ""package arrived"" notifications, even though I turned them all off in the settings, they keep getting toggled back on every few days somehow, probably with every software update. This has been the worst echo devices I've owned, and I have echos and dots in every room. Even the sound is not that impressive. Don't waste your money!"	1	February 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	"The Echo Show 10 is constantly ""advertising"" random things like news headlines, weather forecast, tips and tricks, and various other ""look at me!"" stuff - and it cannot be shut off! Many times each day I must say ""Alexa turn off your screen"" so the dumb thing goes dark (of course then you lose the clock as well). The screen does not follow you accurately, and always ""parks"" in the wrong position, as in not parallel to the wall (see photo) despite the device placement selection being set to against a wall. The screen adjustment settings are ignored by the Echo - it still insists on swiveling 180 and complaining that it bumped into something. Many of the commands/requests get a ""I'm sorry, I don't know that"" response. All-in-all, the Google Nest this replaced was way better, despite its many faults too. This product is a huge disappointment, especially when factoring in its price."	1	December 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Hate it. I loved my previous echo with screen, but this one is horrible. The screen follows me even though it’s set not to. It never goes back to its original position. It goes dark randomly. “Ask Alexa” is the most ANNOYING thing in the world. I don’t want tips. I want to see my pictures. Every time you touch it, the screen wobbles. So two hands are needed. Just a garbage product with way too many bugs. Wait u til they fix it and then buy one. For now, it’s a giant waste of money and a great source of frustration.	2	June 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Echo Show 10 doesn’t work.  It will not display camera feeds from Blink, Aqara or Amazon devices, freezes between screens, is slow on transitions or transitions just don’t happen.  Have to reset the device to get it running and then it happens again.  Maybe I have a defective device, but others have reported similar issues, and I’d listen to those reports because they are true.  I have six echo show 5’s and they work great, this echo 10 just doesn’t work.	1	May 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Pretty cool. Wish it would allow me to watch more live TV etc. Also wish there would be an ""app screen"" so I could easily select an app I'd like to use if I dont want to use voice commands."	3	April 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	The follow feature needs a significant about of work.  Doesn't identify if there are multiple people in the same area,  gets stuck looking somewhere away from where there are actual people...	3	May 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	You can hear random conversation of other Amazon echo owners through speakers echo starts talking without using wake word system not reliable doesn't respond when you use wake word	3	June 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	First of all, the voice recognition isn’t very good. Alexa also doesn’t let me play my playlists and when I ask her to sue plays a random playlist.	2	March 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	When I saw this device I was so excited but I was immediately underwhelmed after I set it up. If you’re looking for an Alexa device with a screen just save a ton of money and buy the alexa show that’s stationary the moving device is cool but not worth the high price. Additionally the camera quality was rather poor. I was hoping to use this as a surveillance device in my apartment but the tilt would not adjust so I could only see a 350 degree view of the ceiling. This device needs quite a few tweaks and maybe I’ll buy it again but for now it’s going back	2	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Picks the voice commands less accurately than previous generation. Issues with the security camera feature.	3	July 31, 2021	1
echo show 10	After a year of ups and downs, the downs are now far more than the perks. The microphone seems to be “going”, thus Alexa doesn’t hear your commands or hears what she wants to hear. The sound quality is quickly diminishing and there have been no significant upgrades or fixes during the time I’ve owned this device. I feel it’s money wasted.	1	August 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	If any one wants to buy an Echo to connect any smart devices, make sure ALL your smart devices are under same “ownership “.I bought this, expecting to see a Ring Door bell activity, but didn’t work, then found out that a Ring device is registered under my hubby, so conclusion, its NOT compartible. Well, delete then reinstall may sound easy but its not that easy.Also in the first some time, an echo show followed me but its not now.A Guard Mode?? Even I’m at home, suddenly saying “Ok, I’ll guard now”. So i don’t understand what this echo does anyway..pros: good size of screen.Can notify you if someone is in the room when you are away.Cons: Guard mode is NOT working right at all. I’m trying to turn off, but still can’t figure it out.Too many routines to set up.Skills? Some skills NOT available..No many options available to personalize a Home Screen.	1	October 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	It doesn’t follow me how I would like it to. I don’t like the white cord. It should be black. I’m not convinced yet that it’s worth the price. I feel my 2nd generation works just as good if not better.	3	March 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	Cool idea, but bad design. It often starts tracking the wrong person.Worst part… she hears nothing (while playing anything)! She literally doesn’t hear me unless I almost yell if she is playing anything (TV, Movies, Music, etc) at any volume above 50%. I wouldn't be able to hear it below 50% so that poses a serious issue. I had 4 of these… none could barely hear me at all over their own media. Worst Alexa device I’ve ever owned for alexa capabilities. Had to return. So disappointed. Now I'm stuck with HomePods since I sold all of my Google home devices in anticipation of switching to these.	2	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	No estoy acostumbrada dejar este tipo de comentarios pero no es lo que yo esperaba les falta que mejore se tarda muchísimo en contestar da vueltas como loca la cámara en verdad no me gustó Y estaba muy emocionada en recibirla	3	March 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	I going to give one star just because I can’t put zero, this is the worst product I ever had, operating system is the worst, my android from 2010 is even faster than this thing with the poorest software I ever use, don’t waste your money and your time with this product, oh and not to mention that the screen is frozen most of the time.	1	July 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	No se puedo verlo como cámara de seguridad desde el alexa de mi teléfono	3	July 31, 2021	1
echo show 10	Sound quality is awful. Sound goes in and out, plus has a echo vibration.	3	July 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	I am still learning how to set up and use all its features.  That is the reason for a neutral rating.  I'm sure it will work as I thought when I get to know it better.	3	March 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	Doesn't get it right as much as my cheaper one!	3	August 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	I have to unplug and plug back in because it freezes when i ask it to play music or abt my orders. It does turn to the direction of my voice. Sometimes it swivels back and forth for no reason.	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Any selections on the home content control menu are ignored	3	August 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	You have to scream at her to shut off and it only plays pictures for a short while then you have to tell her to play them again	3	June 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought this thinking the price would meet the quality but I was mistaken. It would swing around opposite from you. If you call Alexa, she doesn’t answer but the ones in other places in your home speak up. I tried adjusting the motion but it doesn’t work. I tried replacing it and the same thing happens. It is barely used just because it’s annoying to use it	2	October 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	Screen quality too dark even if you put on the highest settingThe picture has a orange color contrast so not happy with that	3	June 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	Absolutely worst echo device. Where do I begin? I have to go to one of my other devices with verbal commands because this one NEVER gets them correct. Screen goes black as others have said. When dropping in on it from other echo devices around my home (or from my phone) it shows a pixelated screen or nothing at all 5/10 times. Did I mention it never gets voice commands correct?!?! Constantly says “do you want me to announce this,” when I’ve given a command to dispense water from the faucet or drop in on someone. I sent it in for “repair” and got the same garbage back a month later!  Shove $250 in a sock and you’ll have a better outcome! I’m in the process of removing all Amazon devices in favor of Apple, as a result of this catastrophe. It does act as a hub for Ring lights as advertised.	1	December 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	When reading a book from audible,  it consistently stops and not able to read continuously.  It swivels and does not accurately follows me or my voice! For the price, it is disappointing!	3	May 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really wanted to like this device as I have all Alexa in my home including 5 Echo Show devices and several dots. It has a lot of tracking issues and requires bright lighting at all times to attempt to follow you. Bluetooth connectivity to other devices that my other Echo devices do recognize are not recognized on the Echo Show 10. It has continuous issues with tracking and is constantly asking you about it on the screen. To me, it seems that it is still being Beta tested after the purchase by the consumer. Needs a lot of updates and fixes. Great idea though, can't wait for updates.	2	March 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	The mics in the new show 10 are subpar to my other alexa devices. Frequently have to repeat commands. Also, the rotating screen is never aligned with my voice, always off-centered which makes it difficult when making video calls. Another gripe is setting up a routine to have the room light come on when entering is USELESS because it CANNOT detect movement UNLESS the lights are already on so this is very misleading in the features description. I should have purchased the show 8 2nd gen instead of this product that needs more research/development. Not happy at all!	1	April 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	I bought this for my b-day at bestbuy I used to have the firetablet 10 with a paired bluetooth in the kitchen nook for breakfast and when cooking. Downside is, if going all over the kitchen screen will have to be adjusted, ends up with smudges on the screen. ENTER echo show 10 with follow me, finally, something Amazon though well with regards to hardware...alas,software is a different issue. You expect it to work like the Fire tab with an attached speaker base and camera to follow you around..NO. The sofware is totally different experience..not all apps are yet supported ( Not even Sling yet). WHYYYY AMAZON did you have to reinvent the wheel again..the hardware was a homerun..software is a flop. Now I have a 250 dollar device that I am not using and waiting for SLING Tv to be supported.	1	January 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	It does not operate or understand voice like any of my other Alexa's. Very limited.	1	October 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is my first Echo device and I am so disappointed. I have to say commands like ten times for it to do what I want. Unfortunately I purchased two at once thinking I could outfit my house and have my home set but all this device has provided is frustration. It won’t properly sync to other devices even after it’s set up properly and doesn’t listen to commands at all…	2	October 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Camera is good. However,  does not support  night vision. Even my $25.00 Wyze cameras can see in the dark. Disappointed in paying this much for the Echo Show 10 and cannot see when lights are off.	3	March 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	It does not always return to home position but will turn when you use the wake word. If you use video calling then it might be worth the price  but otherwise save the extra dollars.	3	April 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	I would like to have my Echo Show 10 set up so it can look at my email and my colander, but because the software will not cooperate I gave up mon that..	3	May 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	Large screen is niceSound and sensitivity not good and a decrease from echo 5	3	July 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	Our newest Alexa - Echo Show 10 - has a great picture but doesn’t hear as well as our previous Alexas. We’re looking into hearing aids.	3	June 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Works as advertised but does not support echo recast.  Would be 4 or 5 stars if it did	3	July 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	Sometimes the screen will not follow me as I move around and talk	3	July 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I was very excited to get the new Alexa as I expected superior sounds quality, video quality, and engagement for video calls, etc.  What I've found is I have to yell at Alexa to hear me now.  My other devices are much more in tune with my voice commands where I find that the new echo Show it doesn't register my question and there is a significant (processing?) delay for it to respond.  I feel like there are bugs that still need to be worked out here.For example, when I have a timer set and am playing music - its like it gets confused.  I will ask questions or set commands and I'm hearing the response ""I'm sorry - something went wrong"" or ""I can't do that right now"" or just silence.  I've turned off motion as it is more annoying than useful.I'm really upset I bought this.  I should have left well enough alone and stuck with my previous show.Wait until they fix this is my recommendation."	1	April 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	This one is really know different that the regular alexa. It's to complicated to get anything to work on it. When you finally do the camera doesn't work all the time and only works on one phone. I would recommend buying another brand like google.	2	December 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	im having problems with my devise and its not paid for yet.every time i ask alexa to talk she goes dark and i get a purple line and nothing.im tired of resetting her already	3	May 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	Horrible responses to simple questions or instructions.  Drops connection to streaming, even in the most powerful Wi-Fi locations.  Terrible options to play tv, and online sites are not readily compatible.  Put a magnifying glass in front of your iPhone or other phone screen, it’ll work better.	2	December 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have echo 5, 8 and 10 and I can assure you that the audio far exceeds this device, now let's talk about the famous movement that is the reason why I bought this device, because the truth is not accurate, many times it does not rotate, just When you feel like it, it doesn't sound good if you have a TV on or if you have music on the same Alexa, device too expensive, with many flaws, many errors to correct that I hope they do it soon to recover some of the money voted, finally the echo black come with white wire i'll know why the hell	2	March 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	Turned away from me sometimes, I feel like it doesn’t like me, to dark at night I can not see it very good, and my first phone call I could not see my son’s family very well	3	March 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	freezes constantly. Have to factory default it every 2 weeks or so. Funny that after factory default the unit after the voice notification “this device is ready” it’s saying “something went wrong”.In a few year maybe will be an echo show with less bugs.	2	December 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Like speakers and very good picture quality. Not crazy about the rotating screen	3	July 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Needs more video apps. I thought I would be able to at least watch Att TV over a web browser but it is blocked along with other popular video streaming services. Netflix works well. YouTube works in web browser but would rather have a app for it. The sound is good but very bass heavy. The screen follows you around while watching shows or video chatting I like this feature but the closer you get to the devic the more off center it becomes. Also if some one comes into the room it will start following them making it hard to watch what is on the screen.	2	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not follow as it should, factory resets done but still does not do as it should	3	July 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	Cool product  voice command and motion is much glitcher then second gen. but  Concept of the device is good. I think it well be awesome after the bugs are fixed	3	May 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	We purchased the first Echo Show and had for over 4 years. Decided we would get an upgrade when it was on sale. What a let down. The voice recognition is horrible. We used the old with the Nanit app to watch our swelling baby. On this show it never loads.. When it does it always buffers after about 30 seconds.  I would make some changes to the arm that attaches the screen to the base.  They have a lot of work to do fixing this	2	August 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	I use this in my Kitchen mainly to listen to Netflix or Hulu. Looks and sounds amazing. My only disappointment was with the following motion, it isn’t that great and constantly looses me when I’m walking around	3	March 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	"So, I wanted thing to be great and its not.I've been in the ""alexa ecosystem"" since there was such a thing. I've currently got three devices in my small city apartment and the newest one is the worst of them. The Show 8 and the Tube Gen2 are fine. They hear me and work as I've come to expect. This new show however, does not perform well. A few mins before I started typing this I (ten feet away) asked the 10 a question. It did nothing. I shouted. It did nothing. This is, unfortunately, the norm with this device...just sitting there, looking promising."	2	March 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Es una pena que Apple Music y YouTube music no funcionen en Chile.la central de noticias no habla de las noticias locales sólo internacionales.	3	June 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	Good sound quality and looks nice but can’t make it end looking forward so always left in odd position.  Tried readjusting but nothing works.  Should have a feature where goes back to a home position.	3	March 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	Did not work. Brand new. They said gonna send you a new one. I get the new one it us refurbished.  No cords. Now they cut me off on getting a brand new one. This company needs to take care of these issues.	1	August 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	it tracks you and this feature does not track very good.It will park it's self off to the side and not were it should.Turn the camera off and it stays put.	3	May 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	My echo in the other room captures my voice better.  It is frustrating. I have to raise my voice or yell for it to capture sound. The display motion isinaccurate.	3	May 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	I am disappointed.  Paid a LOT for this Show, but the tracking feature is not very useful to me. I have 4 other Echo Shows and I would not purchase this style model Show again.	2	January 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	Still several things to do, it has potential.  Need more apps and connectivity.  Great for videos and music in our kitchen.  I have not been able to set it up as surveillance device	3	March 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought the echo show and I was excited to have it work it is very bulky the screen is not that great you can’t really do anything with it i see a lot of people have a Netflix on it and everything I could not figure out for the life of me how to download that and put it on it I couldn’t figure out for the life of me how to enter to the menu that you see always on the pictures it is just not worth the money. It is very useless I am happy with the echo dot	1	March 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	Rather disappointed with this Echo. Sound is not that much better than my old original Echo Show. Screen rotation is hard to control, but larger screen is nice. Microphones don't seem as good either.	3	April 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	The hardware is fine but the inability to run apps makes it unusable for me. The latest versions of Fire tablets support the latest OS and Android apps. They are useful all day long.	3	April 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	I over paid one week before June 21st, happy with item disappointed 70$ price drop days after.	3	July 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I could not wait until these came out.  Now I'm sorry I bought them.The review done by J. Fernandez --which is listed as a top review----everything he says is 100% spot on.  I really have nothing good to say about it and can't say it better than he does.  When you have to use the touchscreen ---good luck.  It will keep moving on you.  You would be way better off keeping the 10"" second edition and buying a rotating base for it so you can move it when you need to.Edit:  I wish I could add something positive but it just gets worse.  These SUCK on picking up your voice.  I can for real--no exaggeration be 6"" away and it won't pick up what I'm saying.  YET--across the room (open area --in the dining area which is about 20' away --my regular echo picks up what I'm saying.  It's ANNOYING.  I did not have this problem with my other echo show 10"""	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	So frustrating.  The movement is always wrong.  Shuts down all the time and just goes blank.  We have been alexa users for years and this device is just dumb.  Really regret the money spent bc she is so useless.  The only good thing is when she is working, she actually sets timers when we ask.  We figured out the issue is the power cord comes out from all her movement.  Not a fan of the overall size either. Save your money and buy the last gen.	2	June 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Todo bien estoy aprendiendo poco a poco.	3	August 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	This item is not as interactive as thought to be. It's still neat but not worth the price. $125 would be a fair price for what it is.	3	May 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Hoped the voice recognition would be better in this compared to the smaller older versions but absolutely not. It’s far worse. The original dot works better than this. It’s constantly needing to be screamed at, unplugged or use a different device to shut it up. 3 months in, the music stopped working properly an only plays the bass. Buy a tablet instead.	1	July 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	Screen quality is very low. Voice command issues: when you have other people talking in the room the screen freezes. (asking everyone to be quiet every time that you want to change a song it is just stupid). It is a very slow device when changing from one app to another. And I have more bad things to say about this device but I don't want to waste my time. buy at your own risk.	2	September 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I thought I would be able to interact with video apps on this line I do on my Fire. However, that is not the case. Navigation is near impossible and the developer plug-ins to this are mediocre at best. This is a great idea and the developers seem to have dropped the ball	2	November 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Do not like the swivel option. Turned it off right away. Does not have a good sound quality as the older version I have.  My other one has better sound quality.	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	The screen movement doesn’t add much value but is more of an annoyance because it constantly does not rotate properly. Great idea, bad execution	3	June 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	The device is great. Picture and sound are definitely upgraded. But overall there’s not much difference from the original echo show. You still can’t stream and half the apps don’t work.	3	April 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	If you have a TV or music on anywhere near this device, it gets very confused.  I do like the big screen and that it rotates to face where you are in the room but again, if there's any other noise, it chases that too.  I don't know if it's considered 3rd gen Echo 10 or 3rd gen for Echo Show in general - if this is 3rd gen for the 10, they have a lot to work on still!!!	2	August 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	So far so good. Have it installed & in use for 2 weeks now. Definitely an upgrade from the echo show 8 with the 10” screen & picture quality.	3	May 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Alexa don’t hear pretty good I have it next to my bed and she can’t Liset something I have to repeat my self 3 or 4 times sucks	3	May 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	Don't put too many items in it.  Zipper did not hold up	2	April 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	It seem like I’m Constantly repeating or yelling. Freezes or sometimes no response to the wake word. No google search. The follow motion works 80% of the time. Sounds is good not great.	3	March 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	No reconoce bien la voz	3	August 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Didn’t get any smarter.	3	August 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	I thought the other frame would be larger so l could see the other person in the corner of the frame .That one reason why l purchase the 10 inch frame	3	April 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	Listening ability is worse than the earlier Show I replaced.	3	July 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	No external output for sound.  No action button, motion does not work in low light. Overpriced, unit came in new packaging, unit had fingerprints on the black cloth , dirty fingerprints. Really disappointed.	3	March 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	So far this device is overrated and over priced. The live feed does not work, and the option for the live feed is only available for the primary owner of the product, even when the Amazon family is set up with admin use. I spent an hour on the phone last week and was told a ticket would be created and they would get back to me 24-48 hours later. Five days later I used the chat function and was told no ticket existed. I called once more and was told they will create the ticket and will get back to me in 2 days and follow up three days later.It’s been a few days, and the live video seems to be working with the primary account only. Customer service never returned my call as they stated they would.  My girlfriend wants to keep the device and I requested a return label.  I’m a smart man, so we’re keeping the darn thing, and will hope the bugs get worked out.	1	March 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	A very good unit	3	August 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	The hardware is fantastic, and it seems they keep improving the software as far as where it rotates, when it listens etc.  Once they get that dialed in, it'll be great.	3	March 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Does not respond correctly. Continually replies "" I don't know that one"". Even simple commands."	2	April 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	The screen is big and beautiful. Much like other larger echo devices the sound is crisp and nice for playing music. However the $200+ price point is not there yet. The tracking would slightly lag which made for an awkward experience feeling like this device was catching up with you vs. a seamless experience. It reminded me of the fact that is was tracking me since it was often behind. Also the zoom video calling did not work which was a huge downside. Overall I would try it again in a future iteration but it is definitely still in a beta phase	2	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa is ABSOLUTE GARBAGE!!! After a half hour of having these set up, they set off an alarm that would not turn off via the app or speaking to the stupid Alexa devices!! SO IRRITATING!!! I had to run around the house and unplug each device!!!! Absolute GARBAGE!!!	1	August 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	It a waste of money, the voice command is poor and the motion detection. You can’t even pair the echo show with other echo dot. That’s a shame	2	February 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I traded in an 8"" Echo Show and I'm kinda sorry I did. The 10"" screen is nice and and the sound quality is a bit of an improvement, but the thing rarely follows me and seems to not know when to sleep or wake up as intelligently as my 8"" Echo Show did.UPDATE 5/16/21: I continue to be very disappointed with this device and have changed my rating from 3 stars to 1 star. I wish I had never traded in my 8"" Echo Show. The 10"" Echo Show has trouble hearing me. Often, devices in other rooms will respond instead. It requires much more light to ""wake up"" than my 8"" Echo Show. Using the 10"" Echo Show is more of an exercise in frustration than an enjoyable product.UPDATE 5/20/21: I returned the Echo Show 10 and replaced it with an Echo Show 8 I had in another room. I really wanted to like the Echo Show 10, but it just didn't work out."	1	April 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's hard to manage and has difficulty obeying commands.	3	July 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Good device, sound quality is good as is video.  Motion sensing not up to expectations yet.  This device ignores wake word much more often than other devices - that's frustrating.	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	No matter which color you get, it comes with a white cord.  Amazon support said too bad.  I have NEVER gotten a black electronic device with a white cord.	3	March 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	Constantly crashes and rebooting	3	August 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	Great speakers, responsive interface but otherwise a bit of a novelty at the price.Tracking is slow which is fine but the camera aligns off center of your face which makes it difficult to interact occasionally.Software interface is awkward to navigate and finding apps or using it like you think a tablet would work is counterintuitive to how’s it actually works.Summary: Excellent speakers and nice display despite its lacking user interface. $250 seems too steep a price for much use you’ll get out of using it.	2	April 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Since the echo show has to connect to a wireless,  it should have the ability to browse the internet, also.	3	June 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	Good for recipes, reminders, music...but one thing I was hoping to do was watch TV. However, YouTube TV will not work, not even from a browser. ☹️	3	April 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	Is nice but has a lot of problems, Amazon needs to improve a lot, is not responding as I expected. they contact me and send me an email, I respond email,  August 4th 2021 and still waiting they call/email me back. Is November 10 2021 and they never contact me again, the product still having a lot of problems, looks like I need to replace it. sorry amazon but bad service this time.Almost a year and still having a lot of problems with this product (March 24 2022)	2	May 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	As mentioned by others, there are just too many issues with this iteration of the Echo Show. Biggest gripe I have with the device is that the camera live view feature stopped functioning after just 1 day out of the box. Voice activation sensitivity is also low and load times are super slow. Overall a terriblly disappointing experience thus far, as I was expecting much more for the amount of money this costs. Will likely return if issues persist.	1	May 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	I liked the screen and the features, but the microphone for communication and calls is pretty bad. When I drop in I can’t really understand what people are saying. I was expecting for a better audio quality and microphone reception.	2	December 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	I didn’t like the white cord with the black show	3	July 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Constant rotating adds that can't be stopped.	3	August 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	I like the screen and the form factor and the sound. Get rid of the motor and I'll be happy. Yes you can turn off the motion but not completely. When the device gets a software upgrade or it reboots it wants to do the motion setup all over again even if you have motion turned off. And it will merrily swing itself around and knock all your stuff off the table even though you told it not to do that. So close.	2	June 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	"A few things that you get to look forward to if you purchase a Show 10.  First, every now and then when you ask something of Alexa she will follow it up with 'By the way..."".  Then there is the 'Alexa for your Day' card that pops up over and over again throughout the day.  Sometimes getting stuck on that card.  And now, I have, since the beginning, elected to have Nature images displayed.  No albums or anything else, but today my screen has been stuck all day on the generic screen.  No scrolling of random nature images, just the same multi-hued blue wavy screen.  What's the use of a HD screen for images if I get to look at shades of blue all day?  It's very disappointing."	1	December 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Was excited to receive this - I have first generation show and love it.  This felt like a big step back on every level.  Sound quality is inferior (which is surprising), the swivel is a disaster and the camera placement is awkward.  It’s just ok if you’ve never had an echo device.  But the bugs with the screen not responding correctly as well as the poor sound quality really are disappointing.  I can’t imagine the screen actually lasting very long time with the erratic swiveling it does.  Don’t waste your money.	2	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	A charcoal base comes with a white cord. I expected more from Amazon.	3	June 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	Had to yell to get Alexa's attention on numerous occasions. No response whatsoever when the lights were not full on bright. Irritating to say the least. Picture and sound are awesome	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Doesn't accurately recognize my voice or track my face	2	May 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Not worth the price nor is it ready for deployment. The voice recognition sucks on it. Half the time it doesn't register the person in front of it, and also keeps rotating and hitting the wall, even after I set up where the rotation should stop.I got this as a gift, if I had paid for it I would've returned it.Don't get me wrong, Alexa in general I'd cool and useful, but not this product.Update 2022:  this is still a crappy product, and just recently they did something with the software that it crops all of my pictures. And yes I did the whole software reboot, shutting it down for 30seconds,turning off crop in the photos setting.... And it still does this. You can see how the pictures get super zoomed in and cropped. Again, if I had purchased this myself I would've returned it for a refund, but it was a gift.	1	June 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Loved this when we first got it and everything  was working well but about a month or so ago the “photo display” stopped working and it’s been very disappointing. The photo app doesn’t even acknowledge the device exists. I have called several times about it and have been patiently waiting for an update to fix the issues but it seems to be ongoing. The motion is ok, but sometimes off. Disappointed in the loss of the picture feature and the lack of concern by the company.	2	May 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is a nice product,  but the clock is too big and blocks photos some of them get faces cut off others 1/2 the photo is cut off.There seems to be now way on show 10 to change the clock,  nor move it around screen to get it out of someone’s face.This is a poor design for the clock.  It would be nice to have a choice of size’s on clock.I would give it more stars if the clock wasn’t such a poor design!	1	March 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Love Amazon products. Own several echos.This thing I think missed the mark. Would not take commands very well. Would have to yell a lot.Constant motion. Should only be on if in vid call or watching something.	2	December 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is not bright on the screen as my other shows and I do not like the fact it must be in a well lit area for the motion to work	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	The following feature only works some of the time.	3	July 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	It seems to have an issue staying connected to my WiFi. It’s not my internet or router since my echo show 5 is connected and has no issues	3	March 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Where do I begin?  I got this for my wife so that she could use it for her favorite recipes.  There is no way to upload any documents so she is stuck with online recipes.  It often follows us without speaking to it.  The screen rotation is always malfunctioning. I wish we had just purchased an IPad or similar device	2	September 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	I bought it for the rotation.  I liked the idea of speaking and it turns in your direction.  I do not like that the rotation will not work when the camera is off.  I think that is an improvement they should make on the next version.  As for the quality of the sound, the picture and screen, it seems much the same to me as the Echo Show 2nd generation that I purchased in 2019.  I was fascinated, again, with the rotation however, I believe this unit is overpriced.	2	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	The media could not be loaded.	2	July 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	It’s not quite together yet with the moveable screen.	3	July 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	Its cool	3	August 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	i bought this for my spouse that is an old person that needs help in many ways... anyhow we could not pass from the updating system...and from there nothing happens....i just a piece of electronic junk that can not even connect to the network....i have an echo dot for years and I have never have a problem...amazon has to do a lot of improvements in this device just one plug and nothing to connect manually to the network...now lets see how it goes with the return.	1	April 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	Update: Amazon sent me refurbished replacement device. This device works just as bad as the original one if not even worst. At this point I've been through all troubleshooting and replacement, so I'm just accepting this to be bad, sub par product. I can't recommend this device.Original:I got this one because I was impressed with my Echo Show 8 and wanted a bigger screen. Unlike my Show 8, Show 10 have a serious microphone issues to the point it doesn't catch wakeup command from few feet away. I contacted customer support and restarted to factory defaults. It worked ok for 5 minutes and then started again. I have same issues with my Echo 4th gen where it doesn't hear me standing next to her but my Echo Dot 1st gen hear me from 3 rooms away. I have feeling Amazon is cheeping out on microphone quality lately. They should introduce software way to increase microphone sensitivity.	1	June 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	No funciona pague 275 dólares y no tiene ni una semana de tenerlo en casa porfavor quisiera mi revolado	1	September 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	It's starting to feel a little creepy...	3	July 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	We have an older Show and have been very happy with it. But this new version has a major problem with voice recognition.	2	February 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	DO NOT BUY THIS ECHO. IT COMES WITH A WHITE CABLE AND LOOKS TERRIBLE. Not sure who had the bright idea to put a white cable on the charcoal model. When I tried to exchange the cable, customer support was not willing to because the details (partially hidden) indicated the cable is white. Avoid it.	1	July 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	I wanted to like this so much as I'm a big Alexa fan.  The biggest problem is that the camera doesn't do close-ups on faces, so that when my mom is watching me on her smaller Echo, my face is the size of a pencil eraser.  I also have a smaller Echo upstairs, and when I use that device to call my mom, my face covers half of her screen and she can see my expressions.  Even if I stand VERY close to the Show 10, it adjusts to make my face small.  I'm disappointed because it was such a great idea.	1	February 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	Need some bugs fixed. Slow to respond when Alexa is called. Doesn’t center up were I programmed it to. Range of motion seems to change all the time.	3	March 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Huge fan of Echo products from the very beginning.  Heck, I even purchased the Echo Loop!  Was really excited to get this newest iteration of the Echo.  Rotating screen that follows me around the kitchen?  Yes please!  But, there are just too many glitches.  The swiveling screen isn't as accurate as they'd like you to believe, but I expected a couple of bugs with the new technology.  What bothers me the most is the microphone is spotty at best.  Alexa doesn't hear half of my commands.  Or my commands just don't register.  Ask her to ""go home"", or ""stop"", or ""open Hulu"" or ""turn off the lights"" and I get nothing in response.Yes, I've tried to turn it off and on again, but should I really have to do that at least once a day, every day?Unless I get a replacement, I can't recommend this expensive doorstop to anyone."	1	April 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Motion is all over the place, touch screen is intermittent, sometimes takes multiple tries to work. Difficult to toggle between programs. Maybe just early snafus.	3	April 17, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought this thinking I would be able to use the movable screen/ camera in live view to monitor my house when away. That features does not work, and there is no ETA for when it will. I had hoped to use it for video calls, ideally Zoom, but that doesn't work and there is no ETA for when it will. On top of that, the movable screen does not work in low light, so unless you keep your house lit up like a night game in a sporting stadium; this thing is a daytime device. Finally, and probably the most annoying, when I try to interact with the touch screen the monitor turns away like it is trying to get away from me. I find myself constantly repositioning myself to stay in front of it. Support advises to disable screen motion; okay, can I have the extra money I paid for screen motion back? My advise, wait for it to mature a little more.	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	The UI is very laggy and the very slow. The system take a long time to process even manual touch interactions. The device is soo slow even with navigating through settings and inbuilt menu. 70% of the time the alexa response never works. Probably the software has a lot of bugs and the amazon customer support is horrible with tech support.	1	July 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	I bought this as a good stable camera to do Zoom meetings from (plus all the bonus uses). This expensive smart alarm clock does not have built in apps (direct support) for: Zoom, Netflix, YouTube, ESPN, and seems reliant in putting the onus of making such apps on the consumers themselves.  I believe in the hardware, I believe in the potential, I’d argue about the price point, and I wish Amazon had themselves created apps linking / utilizing : Zoom, Netflix, YouTube, etc.	2	May 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is A LOT bigger than you think it is going to be and requires a lot of room to maneuver around. But, the biggest problem is that it won’t stay connected to my mom’s internet whereas her Show 8, and her first Gen Echo Show have no problem whatsoever. Not sure it was worth the money spent even though its capabilities are supposed to be really great. In any case, I was disappointed.	2	July 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	sometimes it is slow to respond or doesn't respond at all and I have to repeat the command several times.	3	June 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	Does not stay registered!, Every night since I have registered the echo 10 I go in and it tells me it has been unregistered, not liking having to re-register every night.	2	January 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Stopped responding. Can't connect to device to play music. Have a tech ticket in progress. Hope we can resolve the problems.	3	May 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	The voice recognition is very poor, it also stalls often and does not get input.  The echo works much better in functionality.	2	February 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I feel the echoshow10 3rd gen could have a lot more bass and treble in the speaker system I do like the look of it a lot.	3	March 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Good idea but poor execution. The picture is nice but this seems to have way more problems than my regular echo. It randomly ignores me, stops playing music, and otherwise acts up in ways the normal echo does not. I’m not sure why, maybe it’s trying to do too much as once with the screen and motion in addition to 2-way audio but in the end it’s unreliable.	1	June 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	Constant errors that interrupt TV. Won’t play certain TV shows or movies, just gives you an error message and kicks you out. By far the most frustrating piece of technology in my home! If I could return it I would! What a waste of money!	2	November 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	The best place for this is right at the bottom of your worst trash can. Just like every other landfill product Amazon makes this one is no different. Slow functioning along with a  screen and picture quality reminiscent of a dollar store tablet 10 years ago. The sound quality is marginally better than a speaker you could pick up from your local big box retailer for $20. This thing is just an absolute waste of resources, and thankfully mine was gifted because I sure as hell wouldn’t waste my money on this worthless tool. Smash it and can it.	1	February 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	videos don't play well.  slow to load anything.  voice recognition is horribly poor.  bought it on prime day at a discount and even with the discount, it was not worth keeping.	1	August 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is the only Alexia product I have not liked at all. It doesn't respond like its suppose to. I tried to return but they wouldn't accept the return.	2	January 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	Picture quality of the camera is good. Echo show gets confused with motions sometimes when my husband and I are talking but standing apart from each other. It seems to follow around by voice. I wish it’s following by face recognition.Sometimes the camera doesn’t follow me and I need to ask Alexa to do so. Overall it’s ok. I got echo show for Zoom call and mirroring to my tv but found out both functions are not available yet. Hopefully it will be ready soon.	2	March 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	Make your home screen more appropriate with live views of additional home devices. Spending high and not having that option over that large screen there is no use of it.	2	January 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	The motion feature needs some improvements.  It displays a message that it bumped into something frequently when its path is clear.	3	April 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	While this echo has a good mine of apps, it is generally slow to activate commands and many times doesn't do the command at all	2	January 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	The camera movement was not quite right too much of the time. Often losing the ability to follow consistently. Further, when using for echo video calls, others could not hear me even when standing directly in front of it with no background noise. A family member also has this device and is having the exact same problems. Returning with hopes they get it figured out. In my opinion,  it should not have been for sale until all the kinks were worked out.	2	April 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Concept interesting but execution lacking at this time	3	July 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	No longer works, 15 months old.  It will not connect to the internet via any network including my phone's hotspot. And this is after a factory reset. Wod not buy again.	1	August 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	I wish the follow movement would work better....sometimes its fine....and whenever I want to show it off....it doesn't work....WEIRD	3	May 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	I wanted to love it. Nope. Took up too much space on my counter for what it is which really limited its placement. Can’t tilt up or down from app. Really wanted to use as a doggie cam when away, just not very practical. Having easy access to recipes was enticing but I decided I didn’t want something that big to be on my counter all the time, especially for the $$. Bought a mini Blink instead, although stationary it serves its purpose.	2	April 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Product performs as indicated. Delivery was a problem. Package arrived at my home at 1:15 am on the 26th not on 25th as stated. Totally unacceptable!!!!	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	The new Echo 10 has a person tracking feature that is extremely buggy. The problem looks like it’s due to the camera being in the upper right corner of the device resulting in the device constantly focusing on you at an angle. Overall, it’s a significant product failure.In addition to the hardware issue, the Alexa voice recognition has been declining in quality recently. It’s pretty much at Siri levels of quality. I’d recommend going with Google if possible instead of Alexa.	1	April 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I like the speaker sound	3	July 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	I wish electronics came with written instructions!  I got partway with the setup, got interrupted and now can’t get back to finish and can’t get it to do anything. It’s a very expensive picture frame, date and temperature screen. That’s all I’ve got. Not all of us think like these devices and know instinctively what to do. 😡	2	September 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Need to improve motion and follow me..there is always an error message saying it not available to unplug. Needs software update.	1	September 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	This Alexa absolutely sucks. The motion follow function doesn’t work. Even when that function is turned off, the video calling function lags so badly that it’s not possible to use without constantly turning restarting the device. We ended up going back to our older Alexa.Worst part is that for some reason Amazon will let me exchange any other Alexa for a credit on a new one, but they won’t give me a credit for this one. Doesn’t make sense at all considering that this is the newest device I own. Total junk, I should get some kind of refund to put towards a new device	1	January 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	The worst Alexa item I have to date! It’s glitchy., And does not do what you ask. It’s really badI wanted a book from Audible to start a trial and it ordered the wrong book then it wouldn’t stop reading like it was possessed. Returning ASAP!	1	July 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Not many apps work on this, the apps I found are terrible and hard to use, the voice recognition is about 20% of the time and the moving screen acts up a lot. I’ve considered returning this but splashed some coffee on it so I can’t. :(	2	November 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Needs to be able to move (rotate) live image from the Alexa app. This would allow the opportunity to scan an area when I'm not home.	3	March 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	As far as the device goes it's great. My biggest issue is the speaker. My echo show 2 is so much better.	3	April 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	Voice recognition is horrible especially when using certain skills.Contacted Amazon techs several times to try to resolve.Exchange unit shipping, hopefully will be better on new unit.UPDATE: Replacement unit not any better. When using a Bluetooth connection for external stereo/speakers the delay time really messes this thing up. In some instances it will answer itself and or time out depending on the accessed program such as a quiz or game.In my opinion this was released before the glitches were worked out. Returning this unit and opting for an older Show 8 with an audio jack for direct plug and play into my stereo head unit.Hopefully Amazon will get it right on the 2nd gen of the Show 10, especially if they include an audio out jack.	1	November 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I have an Echo V1 and love it. Also a hockey puck and a smaller show. The first version ""black tube"" one worked great. You can't even whisper ""Alexa"" without her answering. But this new one is unusable. ""Alexa""... ""Alexa!""... ""ALEXA!"" every time. It takes at least 3 times, and walking right up to it to wake it up. Then ""Alexa, remind me at noon""... She replies ""when do you want to be reminded?"", I say ""at noon"" and then I have a reminder for ""at noon"" at noon. And that's if she replies at all. Almost every time, she just listens and then just sits there. And I'm not exaggerating. She never works perfect and maybe only 1 in 10 times can I get her to work at all. So I just use the old V1 again. It works perfectly!"	1	September 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Nice product. I’m expecting a little more screen interaction  like search or other computer like features. Sound quality is good recognition a little lazy.	3	March 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Having problems syncing this to Ring. Amazon support doesn't seem to know how to fix anything.	3	May 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	I like the sound but it should be permanently prime day priced. It doesn't do much its very slow to transition or process skills. I expected a lot more control over the display like a custom clock feature that the show 5 has. It doesn't do a good job following you either. Overall if you got a good deal on it you got what you paid for if you bought it at retail you were ripped off.	2	May 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	It doesn't work well with Kindle recipe books or other Kindle material when you need to jump to specific locations.  It just tries to read the book from the beginning, including the title page and table of contents. My wife could not find a way to make it jump to a specific page or to a specific recipe. Since this was one of the main reasons we got the Show, we can't rate it very high.	2	May 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	You have scream the voice recognition sucks	3	July 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	Despite touting the functionality as a smart hub with zwave and zigbee support it falls short.  Controlling zwave thermostats is very buggy and doesn’t work.  It only displays Celsius on the hub and throws errors when you try to change temp.  It doesn’t work natively with Yale zwave smart locks.  Paired lightbulbs work every other command.  Other entertainment functionality is hindered by the nerfed version of fireOS.  This sucker has potential but the implementation is poor.	2	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not really fully functional for the price it should at least be fully functional. Also slow on 5g network. It’s 2022. Very disappointed.	2	January 19, 2022	0
echo show 10	Can’t add your Netflix account even though in the picture is a Netflix symbol. Just shows what’s coming. Also can’t add your xfinity account. Not worth it as I bought it to be able to watch shows on.	1	July 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I want my echo show 10 trade in back.  I loved the original 10 and silly me decided to upgrade to this model.What a piece of junk.  First day I had to turn off the motion as did most of the reviewers.I also thought I could drop in when not home and rotate this show to view, you cannot.And as many have already stated PLEASE  stop the ""ask alexa"" & ""alexa for your day"" screen from appearing every 30 seconds, or at the very least allow US to control it and turn it off.This was not ready for release with all the glitches. Amazon should have known that.I currently have 2 fives, 2 eights, and now I'm returning this 10 BUT... I want my old 10 back.Why have all prices of the shows gone up?I'm very disappointed!I'm very discouraged!"	1	April 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’ve purchased every echo there is, and have been using them from day one. One of the most amazing things about them is how easily they recognize wake words and commands. Magical even. Until the 3rd Gen 10. After having to yell at the thing in various levels of extreme volume and irritation I’m returning it and going back to the 2nd Gen which works a treat. I don’t know what they failed in the 3rd generation but the audio recognition is absolutely awful and Not Usable. The camera following and zooming is also extremely distracting and overly sensitive. Everyone I talk to had me turn it off due to feeling motion sick. It never stops moving. Good idea, needs a huge amount of improvement before being ready. It’s too bad the 2nd generation isn’t available, it’s still the best show to date by far.	1	June 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Only thing that i dislike is the follow me feature does not work all the time.  It  searches alot.	3	March 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	One of the primary reasons I bought this was to be able to watch live TV (I subscribe to YouTube TV) in my kitchen. I didn't expect a native application but I did expect to use either the Firefox or Silk browsers to watch it. This is disabled by Amazon and there is absolutely no technical reason why this shouldn't work. I am beyond disappointed. I did find a workaround to watch via a browser but it is painful and inconvenient. I won't even mention it here as I'm afraid Amazon may disable the workaround but if you are just even a bit techie, you can figure it out.I'm not concerned with Amazon's beef with Google. This decision does nothing but hurt Amazon Echo customers. I'll be considering a switch to one of the Google devices.Horrible move by Amazon. Just the worst, especially since there is no technical reason for it.	1	April 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	It doesn’t follow my voice very well	3	July 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	Doesn't always answer on the first try. Screen rotation seems slightly eratic. Sound is of lesser quality than the previous version.	3	March 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	The previous Echo Show 10 version had much better sound quality.  The only plus on this one is that the screen moves...	3	March 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	The Amazon echo show works well with Amazon related apps etc.  Unfortunately it is truly proprietary and I could not even get it to do a lookup for a specific web page I wanted.  Browser functionality should be easier to obtain in today's world but I presume this will continue to be a way to ensure proprietary ownership over everything.	2	September 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	The sound out of the box was crackling and worst part is they were making me drive 45 minutes to drop off the broken machine because I didn't want the product anymore. I still have the product because my return window is done less than a month after purchase. I hated this product and even worse the experience.	1	June 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	I kid you not, I have everything from the Alexa Auto to the Samsung Alexa 8kTV and the Alexa in 2013 and till now, the tap, well you get the idea, I preordered it and could not wait for it, I have been so disappointed when I tell you that my Alexas through my 3000 sq ft home hear me upstairs in my office yet I can scream whisper and everything in between into the new one and it never EVER hears, maybe ten percent of the time, great idea amazon yet now I see why they took so long to have the release of the product, my advice, save some money and get what I believe is the best Alexa they ever made which is the grey round one and or the 10.1 that this replaced, much better products, sorry amazon I am more upset about it than you!	1	May 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Spent 3 hours between using google then trying different word combinations just to launch weather channel radar. It had to be worded very carefully to work. Shouldn't be that hard but it is. Shouldn't have to use google to operate an amazon show device. By the way you have to say "" Ask the weather channel to load my radar"". Oh, also why can't I get a black power cord with a black device, how hard is that?"	2	April 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not bad.	3	July 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	Slow doesn’t listen to commands always loading	3	June 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	Siento que el software debe mejorar, espero novedades pronto, el echo dot 3 anda mucho mejor	3	May 16, 2021	1
echo show 10	I bought this because last fall it was announced they would be adding Sling TV compatibility. If they did, I haven’t figured it out. Seems like nice hardware But I just wanted it so I can watch news all day. No BBC makes it pretty much useless for me, especially as I hate Alexa  (throat cancer left it hard for me to talk). I don’t want to have to buy an actual tv, so I guess it’s back to watching on my iPad. Very disappointed	1	March 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Not very responsive.  Does not react as well as other echo products.  Would recommend waiting for the next gen	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Great idea. Tracking is not the best and if you order the charcoal color it comes with a white cord.	3	March 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Glitches for sure, and it feels like there is a bit of false advertising with this thing. For a hefty price it doesn't do much of what it was bragging about without extra cost or lots of ""not yets"" no Zoom calling, no security scanning use without a plan $$, it often glitches and really just not user friendly in the ways you would expect of this kind of technology. Photos have to be moved over to Amazon photos which in my opinion is still quite inferior to Google photos, so another let down my photo display requires work and manual formatting to make them look nice. About the only thing that has worked well so far and or consistently, is the shopping list feature. The speaker is decent, when it will play Spotify without glitching. I feel let down maybe a little duped by this purchase."	1	June 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don't know what's wrong with Alexa/echo. The voice recognition has gone from God tier to BS. the search results don't make sense. Take a look at the picture.Google home is so much better in answering this. Echo just tries to forces unnecessary Amazon promotions without asking. I hope I can return this device.	1	June 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	The communication aspect is glitch. Drop ins usually don’t work. I was hoping to be able to pull up Spotify on it but it does not support Spotify. Nice speaker and picture frame. Other features do not work well	2	November 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	It freezes and doesn’t listen half the time, I’d personally return it my husband insists on keeping it	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	Good idea, poor execution. Same gripe about motion tracking being offset as everyone else.  It will drive you nuts. It's like you're always looking at a tablet that is slightly angled away from you.The video apps are buggy at best and constantly freeze or stop video at random points and crash. And no ability to navigate youtube effectively or to control it from your phone. When a primary selling point is to use it for cooking videos, you can't ever access the videos you need.Had high hopes. Preordered and paid full price. It had such potential.  Maybe it would work if they give it more functionality, fix bugs, add app support, overhaul UI, and stop using it to try to sell you stuff.  That's a completely different product, though, not a simple update, so this is getting returned. Maybe their next version will hit the intended target.	1	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	I'm a huge fan of the Alexa ecosystem and have a half dozen devices. This one is a total disappointment. It's slow and inconsistent. Carefully issuing the same command may search for a video or turn on music or launch an unrelated skill. Turning on the lights will end your movie and possibly launch a suggestion.The movement is almost never correct. It wiggles while you stand still and doesn't follow while you move. Heaven help you if there's more than one person. Touching the screen is a race against time as the screen moves while you try to touch it.And... The photo service is hilariously bad. This time last year I took a picture of a receipt (apparently).In a to head comparison I would recommend the Google picture frame every time.	1	August 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s functionality is really limited. New release was supposed to support zoom. Definitely doesn’t. Recommend Google hub over this. Very disappointing.	2	January 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	The Amazon Echo Show 10 doesn't comes with direction for a 70 year old person to use, who keeps having problems using it. It would be GREAT if it came with a Users Mannual. I understand this is hard because the are always being updated and changed. Mayb if the Amason website had something to help that reall gave step by step instruction would be nice but I haven't found it as yet!	2	April 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	The camera never worked	1	October 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	It is not accessing videos off of prime. It always says it has to be validated but will not validate.	3	March 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	I thought for the longest time it was user error but our 4 year old Alexa is much better at everything!I will be downstairs trying to talk to our new Alexa who DOES NOT perform the task and my older Alexa UPSTAIRS will pick up and start talking!	1	July 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	The Motion feature is not so acurate. when a video call keep focusing constantly even you are no moving.	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Read the 1 star reviews.  I think there are a lot of reviews that have their heads up Bezos’ass.This product is a wonderful idea. Horrible implementation.  I feel like I am being handcuffed by Apple.  If an app is not supported by Amazon you cannot use it.  Essentially you have to support Amazon business deals.  You cannot cast to this monitor (some will say “it’s not a monitor”...yes it is.  For example: Beachbody Application from your phone to stream workouts.  You cannot cast to the echo show.Also if you wanted to watch Fox News, or Newsmax (because not everybody in America thinks the same), you cannot.  But they sure let you watch CBS.It is a great Alexa hub with minimal features and a few cool ones to make you feel like you bought a fun, entertaining product.	1	March 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Tengo 8 meses y cada día es más lento espero y una actualización mejore su rendimiento pero lo que creo es que si sistema y memoria es muy baja solo es útil para escuchar música y ver YouTube no es amigable muy restringida y leeeeeeta	2	October 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Eco show 10 has a hard time hearing and understanding what you say. Picture quality is just average.	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	First, the software is very slow.  It takes forever to load.  Software is very difficult and complicated to use. Very limited and useless skills.  Not comparable with anything else.  Silk slow and can’t stream nothing through it.  You can only use amazon stuff on it.  It was great idea but execution terrible.  Can’t do nothing what I need with it.  Waste of money.	1	May 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I purchased this so I could use the camera to look around my apartment when I am gone. First of all, the setup is overly complex but just look for the Dropin setting and turn it on from the Alexa app on your iPhone. Then you will find that the picture you get from the Alexa device is complete crap and the sound howls with a massive feedback loop. I have not been able to get the camera to really show my apartment at all - it only shows a picture if someone is RIGHT IN FRONT OF IT and not when you really just want to look around to see if all is well. DON'T BUY THIS!	1	November 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s like another toy. If you already have echo show , upgrade is not needed. Pricey.	3	April 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	When screen follows me it is always too far to the right of me not centered	3	March 31, 2021	1
echo show 10	Me saca de you tuve no me deja ver ni 5 min ya llame a atención al cliente trataron de solucionarme creí q se había resuelto pero cuando colgué la llamada volvió a suceder ya he hecho de todo reinstalar la aplicación reiniciar mi teléfono pero vuelve a suceder ☹️Q triste no se q hacer si la quería para ver videos de you tuve cuando estoy cocinando	2	June 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Mostly works good. Sometimes has problems with commands. Motion is good when only one person is around.	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Alexa does not respond or come up with answers at the same for both the 5 and 10 when compared to other similar tech. I also still haven’t gotten my refund on the additional glasses frame that I was really upset in the quality that I sent it and the entra charger back. I love Amazon Prine, but I am very disappointed I’m not getting a chance to get the full-price shown or an answer. I am no longer employed on top of it and always had Apple 🍎 as my #1 but took this risk. I used it just like I do to compare it to Apple’s Apple TV, HomePod, Airpad and even tried the glasses. Just needs more work but would appreciate your understanding for how. Thank you.	1	September 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	any voice will work, does very little compared to the hype.  google has a system that connects easier and to many more smart home devices than this.  expensive waste of money.	2	November 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	I can't get Amazon to send me working unit, now no refund, but they refund my warranty .  Now i have $500 screen and no warranty.I don't want to take it out of box .  3rd unit may fail dead screen like others.	1	July 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I wanted to use this supposedly amazing product to capture my front door from my security cameras. But it does not stay where I ask to show my front door. I really didn’t like the way it operated either. It just needs a lot of improvements. I purchased 2 and have returned 2. I may try it again down the road but for now, not worth the money for what it doesn’t do.	2	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	can't download apps or would be greatest show ever.	3	June 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not comfortable with screen following you. I returned it. That’s just my opinion.  Everyone is different.	3	March 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	The moving screen needs a lot of work. You set this part up yourself but it doesn’t move to the right areas. It’s a little top heavy which I realized when attempting to clean around it. The show needed an upgrade but this just isn’t it. Would repurchase the non motion one again since I have two but this is a no from me	2	July 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Received this item in March 2021.  Less than 2 months later it would not turn and went completely black.  After speaking to Amazon and took back to factory settings it still would not work.  Representative said they would send us new Amazon Echo 10 and to make sure to send back the unit and cording when we received the new one.  The new one came today and to my astonishment it is a refurbished Echo 10.  I did not pay for a refurbished item I paid for a new one.  Apparently this is Amazons policy.  My other option take a much lesser amount in a refund that would not even cover another new one.  It is so refurbished it did not come with a cord another policy.  Keep and use your original cord.	1	May 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	UPDATED to go from 2 stars to 1. This thing gets worse over time. Communicating between two of these devices is a virtual guarantee that the video will freeze, audio will sound have ear-splitting interference, or simply won’t acknowledge the commands at all. This is a piece of garbage that is constantly failing, freezing, resetting, or misunderstanding what you've asked it to do. Over half the time, it cannot complete the primary task for which it was designed: video chat. Somehow, Alexa devices are getting worse over time. Better speakers, perhaps, but failing more often the fancier the devices get. Spend your $300 on something else.	1	December 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	I wanted to like this, but the microphone is so bad. My devices across the room pickup me saying alexa when I'm barely a foot away from this one and it still doesn't hear me. I had to rename it something else and still, I'm ignored. It's basically useless. $200+ paperweight that I'm lucky if it hears my plea to set a timer for the 10th time or ask it to look up something. I love the visual aspects but the fact it doesn't hear me makes it worthless. Until Amazon can improve this, don't waste your money.	1	January 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	The turning mechanism needs some work.  I honestly wish I had waited on purchasing this.	3	March 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	Cant se the camera on live view	1	September 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	i wish it worked better in low light and responded to sound better	3	March 31, 2021	1
echo show 10	ok.. I just hate it when I have to say Alexa multiple times for it to actually pick up what I'm saying . it's so bad that my older devices on a different floor hear me calling out to it and respond and then I have to get them to stop.. I have had most of not all the Alexa devices and I have noticed the gradual degregation over time in ability to respond to the word Alexa? how can the most basic feature get worse every generation.. boggles my mind.. if you like shouting at your box alot this is for you.. otherwise if you have the older one stick with that	1	December 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Frustrating device. Thought I could use it for more but not that impressive	3	April 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	Too complicated to figure out how to use and absolutely no instruction book included	3	March 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Why off a black option if the visible power cord is white? It doesn’t blend in to my darker decor.  Makes no sense. I would have ordered white echo had I known this.	2	November 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	El sonido es mucho mejor el echo show 2 que el 3 generación	3	April 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I have 3 echo show 5 in and they understand me and the family just fine.  This echo show 10"" just makes guesses at what is said to it.  For example.  You tell it to ""turn master air on"" and it will play Pandora.  Tell it to stop and it just keeps playing Pandora.  Most of the time it just make a default beep sound if you ask it to run a routine.  its been nothing but a headache going to replace it with one of my echo show 5""  and demote this unit to laundry room because i can still use the touch screen to start netflix.  If you tell it to open netflix it will give wikipage on net neutrality or some such."	1	June 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’ve had this for under a year and the responsiveness has plunged. It’s so slow that it’s almost unusable. This happened over time. It’s just not worth the price for less than a year of use, and limited use at that (no apps, it’s not like a tablet, which for the price it should be).	1	June 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	Picture quality is amazing, overall operation of the device is somewhat complicated.	3	April 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	I think the screens ability to follow you is a very specific need. I don’t need it, and disabled it. It requires a lot of free space for it to swing about; and frankly my family found it creepy, like it’s watching us. But with that said, hooked up with the echo sub, it puts out really awesome sound!	2	July 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	i purchase this on prime day special . i had the previous version already.  reason i purchase it was the turning screen feature and also live view /360 view.  i had reset and updated to the newest firmware  with the first units  still had issue, cant seem to work on live view.  amazon had send me a replacement units  first thing i did was updating the new software and finish setting up the device .  once ready  the live view wasn't working at all.  so had to do a factory reset, which i did and then had to go thought the setup again.  wasn't working again. i think there is an issue with the with all the units .	1	July 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I really wanted to love this device. Waited forever for it to go on pre-order and pre-ordered it the first day it was available. I've owned at least 6 Amazon echo devices and this is by far the worst. The motion feature is finicky and forget it if you have more than 1 person in the room. Most times I turn motion off. This device fails to perform the simplest of tasks. Does not stop music when asked, fails to respond to commands even when I'm right next to the device. There is no way Amazon shipped this after the long delay between the reveal and launch. I'm convinced my unit is defective. This is not up to the standards I expect from a ""premium"" Amazon device. Praying that a software update makes this thing worth the money I spent on it."	1	March 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen freezes 2-3 times on every call. We have to hang up and re-establish the connection.  It's very frustrating.  Apple facetime works fine on the Wi-Fi so does streaming TV.The drop in feature is great.  Follow me works most of the time.	2	September 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is not responsive to voice very well,it’s not hearing well to the wake word	3	March 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	No zoom calls but you can on the 8. The home screen is aggravating.	3	March 12, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not only is this my least favorite echo show It is my least favorite echo device Out of the entire lineup It  Often fails to understand me it often looks in the wrong direction It rarely functions as advertise  I do not have the same problems with my 2 show 5s Show 8 Echo shows 2nd generationThe picture quality is good the audio quality is as well But it barely qualifies as a smart assistant In my opinion the echo show 2nd generation  Is the best show out so far I even believe the audio is just as good as the show 10 if not slightly better.  I truly wish I would have returned this  within my return Window	1	September 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is a very nice upgrade from the original Show but is inot capable of good performance with the 5gz connection. Amazon admits it best operates at the 2.4 gzh and it cannot be set to stay at the 2.4gzh setting. I have the eero Pro6 triband mesh network and it preforms poorly on it. The eero Pro 6 does not have a separate SSID to assign it to it.	2	March 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is the poorest product in the echo line.why they failed to provide it w/ the sensitivity of the echo or dot is their failure. Full of quirks that leaves this unit powered down to rectify constant failings. Audio hang ups are constant… anything but a smart devise.	1	June 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	This device will not link to my wifi or my Amazon account even though I chose the option at checkout what a joke Amazon 😑 I hat this pile.of trash already I've had it for 10 minutes	1	July 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is the third echo we have had, and it used to be great. The newest versions voice recognition seems to malfunction. In addition, the system will often “jam” on opening, or simple refuse to open a particular program (Hulu, Netflix, etc). In any case I would not recommend this to anyone else.Update: I tried the suggestions from customer service (who were great, by the way). Same results. Refuses to access streaming services. I would not recommend if you are looking to use Hulu or Netflix’s.	1	February 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	Just not that good. Seems to have problems accessing the right information.	3	April 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Echo often loses its place and doesn't face the person speaking.	3	April 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	I purchased these to help the Blind.It was supposed to offer .Show and Tell feature where you ask Alexa what your holding and she tells you .Like food items.But it does not work.45 minute on phone with Amazon and could not fix problem the lady said there was an update but didn't no why it wouldn't do the update.Alexa wont  even answer when asked about show and tell.Very disappointed in Amazon.Then on the Echo under disabilities it gives you a email  device- accessibility@amazon.com to send feedback about problems.I did this and then get a reply says email is no longer in use.Then why is it on the Echo device..Then tell me to try to contact them once again over the phone.DONT WASTE YOUR TIME.To many glitches with replying.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	"June 2022 update: Still junk, Amazon won't do anything about it. Don't buy this junk!This truly a horrible device!  The motion tracking is so jittery - it drives you nuts.  It's forever slowly shifting the track of me - it's like a willful 2 year old!  Voice navigation is useless.  If I hear one more time ""sorry, I can't find/help or I don't know that I'm going to throw it away.  I want it to play episode 5 of something and all it will do is play episode 1.  It's just the worst!  Less than helpful!Additional update - now it can't find Amazon Price Video!  Restarted and still doesn't work. JUNK!"	1	September 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Returned it for an echo dot 2018 speaker. Wasn't even worth all the bells and whistles. Screen never did what I wanted it to. Near impossible to personalize or see what I wanted. Who designed this? Garbage.	1	July 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	El actual es un cambio por garantía ya que el primero no respondía a los comandos de reproducir algún video, historia, etc. Se quedaba en una pantalla negra y después de un buen tiempo regresaba al inicio; desafortunadamente este está exactamente igual, ha de ser un bug o algún detalle de programación que más adelante deban corregir. Una vez que se arregle veo si modifico la calificación	2	April 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Look greatDoesn’t work well with Amazon Prime, constantly crashes	3	April 20, 2021	1
echo show 10	Why doesn’t it scroll through the entire photo album. The other echo show did? I have thousands of photos and it keeps showing me the same 10 to 15. I want it to scroll or better yet shuffle, my entire photo album. This feels like any easy fix that should be dealt with. Fast! That was the best feature of the old ones. I would like to have my old one back. This is my third echo show, and it has become the biggest failure of them all. I don’t care if it has better speakers, I want to see all of my photos. Also the daily Alexa continuously rotating screen is extremely terrible also. I don’t want to see that! These two easy fixes would give it a five star review but instead it gets one.	1	April 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Was not clear on set up with ring Cams	3	May 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	Screen does not center on your face. The microphone sucks and never hears me. The user interface is terrible and you can’t really interact through the screen. The device does not rotate 360 degrees. The camera quality is terrible. The camera can not see anything in the dark so it’s useless if you want to view your house while you’re away.	2	June 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Esta bien	3	June 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	It's fine.  Save some money and get the Echo 8.	3	March 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	Works fine for 8 month . Touch screen is not working properly, same to the voice control	1	August 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	I've had multiple Echo devices and all worked great.  Therefore, when Amazon unveiled the Echo Show 10, we were absolutely interested since it offered a larger screen and better audio.  We've had this now for more than six months, and I must admit, I absolutely hate it.  For some unknown reason, this device is really terrible at recognizing commands.  For example, when timers go off, I tell it to stop; however, they keep blaring.  I might think the problem is behind the device in the Amazon cloud itself, but my older devices are much more responsive and aren't plagued with this command recognition problem.  Overall, the Echo 10 Show is extremely frustrating, annoying, and I do not recommend.	1	July 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am very underwhelmed by the version of the Echo Show. As many others have stated, it just doesn’t seem like it’s ready for prime time. Maybe with future updates it will be usable, but in its current state I just can’t recommend the device, particular for $250. Also, the white cord is annoying and just goes to show the limited thought put into the development of this product.	2	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Device does mediocre job tracking. When it stops it faces a bit left of center increasing the glare. I have to yell to get device to hear my requests. The dot hears me upstairs but the show 10 doesn’t hear me when standing right next to it.	2	September 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Why would a black unit come with a white power cord?	3	March 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	"The ""Alexa for your day"" feature being forced up our asses is absolutely absurd.  Please, for the love of Jehova, remedy this.  Otherwise I'll be forced to dip my wiener in a bucket of bloody chum and dive into a tank of bull sharks on crystal meth, as that is the more enjoyable option between the two."	2	July 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is very glitchy, the motion/follow you sensor is terrible and can’t find you half the time and just spins and spins like a dummy. I bought this for the feature that is supposed to show me live action of my room but that feature is “unavailable at this time”. Very disappointed in this very expensive gadget that doesn’t do anything well that was promised.	2	April 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	So disappointed in the ads/Alexa for your day and that there’s not even an option to pay to remove it (which I would!!). I bought this instead of a digital picture frame because I have an echo and thought it would be nice to have an echo and digital picture frame in one. It’s a bonus that it connects to our ring door bell and blink cameras. It’s just a huge bummer that I can’t choose what I see on the main screen. Amazon needs to listen to all other customers and remove the ads/Alexa for your day. This product was way too expensive to not even have the option to remove this stuff.	1	October 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Save your money and dont buy into this version of the Echo.  The movments are hit or miss, low lighting causes her confusion and she requires being yelled at to respond ( I have 6 others with zero issues responding).  I expected so much more and this is the first echo to truly dissapoint.  Standing within 1 foot and say ""Alex turn off the island light"" just never seems to work the first time.  Asking her to do something simple like ""play country music"" just doesnt work, she pauses and just never plays anything.  The software implementation was either rushed or just bad...reall bad, where is the QC Amazon.  If it wasnt outside of my return window she would have gone back."	1	June 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	No integration with YouTube tv. No ability to screen cast from my iPhone.Very poor Alexa commands. Waited for this to go on sale. Purchased during Prime day. Bummed. Returned.	1	July 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Not what I thought it would be for the price	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not as quick to upload.  Does not play my flash breifing...it takes a long time to load or just doesn't at all.  I know it is not my internet connection because my old Echo show does just fine. I am disappointed because I thought this would be an upgrade but the older model works better.  Maybe there are just some kinks to workout.	2	March 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I wanted the Echo Show 10 to work how it was advertised. It has been super underwhelming. The 'follow' feature is very slow.... meaning you have to move slowly in order for it to follow properly. There's no menu. Really. No menu. The video call feature (which is why I purchased this model) is only accessible for others who have Alexa models. Zoom and other formats are not supported. The ""try Alexa"" feature just really needs to stop. Random freezing and dark screen (my unit is about 10' from wifi source). Advertised features are same as features on your phone, only you cannot add apps onto the Echo Show 10. Drop In feature can be... awkward to others who you have enabled. Overall impression... Amazon will be getting mine back."	1	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not as accurate as my other Alexa items.	3	May 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	Most of the time giving wrong and irrelevant answers to my questions.	2	February 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	!!!  UPDATE ON MY REVIEW!!! ---IF THEY DON'T GET ALEXA FOR YOUR DAY OFF THE SCREEN I'M RETURNING TOTALLY REDICULOUS EVERY FEW PICTURES BACK TO THAT BROWN FADED SCREEN YOU CANT READ UNLESS YOUR NEXT TO IT!!! Great product I've owened all the Echos this is by far the best and great quality..Excellent picture speakers sound great. Highly recommended if you're into technology.....	2	February 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was expecting more for this echo, better to have just stayed with my dot, fire stick, cube or tablet.Screen is useless, lacks apps, calibration of touch screen, motion sensor, and even mic audio is bad. My cube would respond 98% of the time before the echo, and I’m only a 2 feet away.	2	August 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	I love the idea of this echo and bought it, but the microphone is horrible!  I find myself yelling at it sometimes.  When I am standing right next to it my older echo show in another bedroom 20 feet away often responds first.Probably too late to return it, but I would if I could.  Do not recommend, maybe the next release.	1	April 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I bought this to do Live Translation only, and despite days of tech support saying to ""Say the same thing"" into it over and over again, it would never perform this feature that Amazon announced in December.So I returned it.  Support never felt like they grasped that it would not work, and never got me to advanced support that my have helped."	2	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	it's not following me like i thought it would and i thought it would keep pictures up from my front door camera like asked longer and sync to my fire tv but it will not do that for some reason.	2	September 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	So far have not been able to use live view camera when away and have chatted several times and was told to contact ring. Tried but all I got was no service although I was within the time frame. Hasn't worked as well as I thought. Plus I spent all day on chat and phone and was told several different things. Even told live view is not available yet. And they offered me $5 gift card.. That they still have not issued. Plus the motion feature is cool until another person enters the same room and then it follows them. I believe I spoke to four different people and all have me different advice. I am still not able to use live view or drop in on my echo 10 show. Also it looses internet connection often.	1	March 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	The very reason I ordered this was so that my grandmother could easily use Zoom.  The advertisements showed people using Zoom, but when I got the product -- and after an hour of tech support who also thought Zoom would work, I was informed by tech support follow-up that Zoom is *not* available on the Echo Show 10, though it is available on the Show 8.  Extremely disappointed.  The good thing was that tech support was immediate and thorough, easy to work with.  [Additional Comment 9-months after the initial review: Still the same; it's very quirky, and Amazon still hasn't figured out how to make Zoom work on this device.]	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is a terrible echo device, and I own several. Often fails to hear the wake word. Does a terrible job tracking movements and regularly has a glitch with the timers/alarms. When I tell Alexa to cancel a timer...it keep playing the sound but says there is no timer. I’ve actually stopped using it and switched to my Echo Dot. I would return it if I could....but Amazon makes me talk to product support first, which I can never seem to do. I’ve tried to call Amazon for support and got transferred around. I tried to email them and got nowhere. I have tried to live chat probably a dozen times and no one ever joins the chat. This is a huge let down. Would rate 0 stars if I could.	1	May 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Realmente me encanta la tecnología y me fascino la idea y cuando vi el video  del producto dije lo quiero, pero es bastante complicado , Alexa no reconoce bien los mandos, la voz es complicada administrar mis smart productos y la calidad de imagen es pobre	2	September 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had trouble from the get go. It fell from the table because while it's not much, when it spins it moves just enough that it fell twice. I've had a few other difficulties but the time I need to get to understand it and the return time is not near enough. I need to return it by tomorrow or keep it. I tried to take it to a CVS today only to find out that with 10 different printers around they are unable to print a label so that was a bust. The closest place now is 30plus miles from home. I'm disabled and all be damned if I'm driving 30plus miles. Amazon will need to figure it out because I don't want it!!!!	1	June 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Following feature and zoom intermittently does not work.	3	April 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Looks like I received a used product. Damage to the box, damage on the speaker and sides of tablet. The instruction manual wasn’t in the slot and looks like it was thrown in. Protective sticker on bottom wasn’t aligned as if someone tried to put it on there later. Going to return and hopefully get a new one. Not sure what happened here	1	April 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I would prefer the screen too be larger,15"" or 17""."	3	March 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	I hate this thing going to return it when I get back to my house . The follow me part is trash . It's jerky and confused . Alexa is garbage too unless you pay for this sign up to pay for that . She can answer half the question google can . I'll be in my kitchen asking it to play a song . It'll start giving me a reason why and the Alexa kids 4 rooms always will play something no one wants to here . No one . Ever . Le trash	1	December 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Having a lot of issue with the touch screen.	1	September 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	I found The echo show 10 to be incredibly glitchy and frequently dysfunctional.It created problems far more often than any predecessor version of Alexa.We tried resetting it. We tried other maintenance efforts. In the end it became more of a problem than a solution in every single encounter.To give a few specific examples,We found it deleted items off of a list and added random other items to that same list.The hub aspect would dysfunction and not controlling household apps that the non-Show version we own could do.And perhaps most frustratingly, when we used it to communicate/broadcast to another Alexa device it would ignore us entirely.It is worse than using a tin can on a string.We are returning it	1	April 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	Useless	1	September 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	Doesn't respond well..has a hard time understanding commands	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	This was our third echo show device. Sound quality is far worse than the original and crackles on both of the ones we have. Picture is stunning, but it's constantly freezing on both, causing us to have to unplug them. The rotation is so bad that I've disabled  it. If I could still return these, I would..	2	June 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Can’t get the camera to work	3	May 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	I love the idea of this, but the reality is disappointing.  It’s an iPad stuck to a speaker..is really jerky and gets stuck/shuts off.  She is also constantly asking me to adjust her movement range, which takes up 1/3 of the screen.  Not worth it.	2	September 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very slow response! It's very hesitant and seems confused	3	March 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	Does not respond to voice commands as well as the Echo Show 8 2nd gen I was using.  Music doesn't sound as vibrant.  Do like the bigger screen. The screen following you is a bit creepy but I know you can turn it off. should be good for video chats where you are moving.	2	July 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The concept is great and the camera quality is a clear upgrade from earlier shows.  But, Amazon is ruining the experience by forcing too many unwanted and unneeded messages.  The biggest annoyance by far is the ""Alexa for the day"" that interrupts the picture show on a constant basis.  There's currently no way to turn off this needless 'feature' and it ruins the experience.  If Amazon wants to have us set up an advertising screen in our home, then they should give away the Show for free. Otherwise, they should allow the user to decide what 'features' we want and not force some dumb app down our throat."	1	April 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Good luck getting the live view to work!	3	April 14, 2021	1
echo show 10	"As many others have mentioned, this device is not ready. It does nothing useful to justify a $250 price tag. Bringing up recipes? Sure, great. Listen to music, also awesome. It stops there. The video apps are buggy and incomplete, Hulu is missing essential features. YouTube? You need a Nest Hub for that to get the most out of it. Software is often slow to respond. Motion tracking as others have mentioned does not work as intended, tracking is always just slightly off, and if you approach the device to use the screen, which is often as voice commands often to not give the desired result, the motion goes wild trying to track you. At $329, the 10"" iPad is a much better deal and what we will buy after returning this."	1	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	A lot of errors	3	May 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	All was well but the speaker blew out rather quickly, only had it for a few months	2	December 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is the worst device Amazon has ever sold.	1	September 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	Only works to follow you in high lighting.  Doesn't work well on a cloudy day or at dusk.  You must be in a well lit room.  So forget putting this in a corner under a cabinet in the kitchen.  For the price, I would send back, but I traded one of my Alexa's in for this.	2	April 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Too slow	3	June 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	Mine consistently didn't respond when asked questions, shut off three times, the third time never came back on again.  I had it returned the next day no thanks.	1	July 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	The video quality is pixelated which i feel should not be happening on a gadget in this price range.  I was stupid and bought two one for me and one as a gift for my sister across the country.  We used it twice because we couldn’t see each other clearly.  It’s basically a speaker with a crappy video card.	2	March 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	I bought this to video call with my dad, since he's not phone savvy. I thought this would be easy, he could just have alexa video call me. I put the alexa app on my device, I set up the whole Echo Show for him, but the call won't go through. I'm holding the app open, trying to do the call from the echo show. I added myself to the favorites, I tried all the troubleshooting I could think of/look up online.This gives me new appreciation for the user experience of things like apple products, which I had definitely been taking for granted. Why would anyone make a product that's so difficult to navigate?	1	July 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Creepy device. It comes on all hours of the day and night without any voice commands. I have to continually unplug it so it does not wake everyone up at 2 am or whenever it decides to blurt weird stuff or play some awful music.  I am a huge Echo fan, but regret this purchase.  Awful.UPDATE.  The product no longer replies to requests and the screen is pretty much dead. I unplugged it, removed it from the Alexa app and reinstalled. Nothing.  It is now permanently unplugged and going to try to return it.  Disappointing.	1	November 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	I like the speakers on this thing but I mainly got it to pull up recipes while cooking in the kitchen. Little did I know that the screen would time out and return to a Screensaver after a short time. I have to continually re-open the browser. I would have been better off getting a tablet to put in my kitchen.	2	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	"At some point Amazon broke one of the key important features of this device which is to be able to make it swivel/rotate in either direction through the Drop in feature on the ios Alexa app. They can't seem to be bothered to fix it. They continuously make a device worse over time with their updates. I don't understand how or why they mess up so badly. And it's impossible to reach out to anybody with Amazon ""Help"" that is capable of communication this to anyone with the group that breaks the features. I've been alerting them for months that this feature was broken, but they don't care."	1	September 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Algunas veces el movimiento no funciona bien	3	April 13, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not worth the extra money over the show 8 It is not follow you like the videoIt is off sad when it's supposed to be straight I think because the eye is to one side and not centeredDoes not always follow you only does it when it feels like it just not worth the money	2	April 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	I hope it will improve but from not hearing me to keeping the wrong orientation all the time, to the lack of appropriate content, there are too many disappointments. It feels clumsy. Needs a nice weather-only wallpaper.Update: The audio is like out of a tin can. I have three other Echo devices I am happy with but this is the most expensive and by far the worst. Very disappointed.Update 2: Silk is useless. I dislike the device more and more. The device is too slow and can't cope with the browser and is sluggish in general. Have to repeat everything 2-3 times at least; sure, I have an accent but the other echo devices I have get me right much more frequently.  Waste of money.	1	March 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	just seems to have a hard time to process requests..	2	February 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	This product was told by Amazon that it would work with Zigbee and ZWave, then to find out it only works with Zigbee as a hub. The motorized follow feature doesn't follow you, no matter the lighting or lack thereof in the room.The internet speed on it is very slow compared to other devices and the home screen is not customizable. Oh they say it works with Ring doorbells, it does but it tasks about 2 min to connect and show you so I can just pull out my phone to see it faster or walk to the front door. I will just go buy a tablet to do more than what this does for half the price. It's a cool concept but a total gimmick.	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	The one and only reason to buy this was for the remote camera operation from my Alexia app when I was away and to move my other Echo Show which I love to my office to have easy display of my porch cameras. Anyways sound and picture quality is great! I called support and they said the software release has not been updated as of yet. I preordered and received one of the first ones...I’m hoping this issue get resolved because as of today I’m still waiting. Other than that product works great and I’ll change my review to 5 stars if this problem is resolved. When the camera follows you around it takes some getting used to though” Hi Jeff and Big Brother👋“	1	April 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had high hopes for this product - however it rotates a lot and can’t really make out what we are saying - plan to turn off the rotation. It also stopped pairing  Bluetooth iPhones - tried two of them, no matter you set it up as new it doesn’t work as advertised	2	June 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	I really hate this version same goes for the 4th generation dots. I upgraded my 6 dots and older show to the newest versions. Their voice recognition is the worst! My original dots 2 rooms away pick me up before these ones do. This Show just sits and looks at you like you are crazy, while you get more frustrated screaming at it.+6 month update: Still hate it as much as my initial review. I really wish I did not upgrade. I am sure I will get a call from Amazon again, asking why I left a bad review...	1	October 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have only had this device for two months and for the last month its abilities have been declining quickly. Constantly unable to move correctly, communicate correctly and now because I’m outside the return window they won’t let me return a very expensive useless electronic.  Amazing should really stand by its own products this is pathetic	1	April 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	First of all,  i ordered a charcoal version , came with a white power adapter and cable,  the response is slower that previous echo versions, the video calls wont work from the echo to a cell phone or vice versa, only from one echo device to another or using the alexa app.  they dont say that on the video add.	2	March 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is a definite downgrade from the previous models. 3 out of 5 times it is unable to recognize “Alexa” and doesn’t respond. The placement of the mics seem to be the main culprit. Having gone through all Echo models, I feel the original one (without the screen) by far had the best mic system and was able to catch the voice from anywhere in the room. The “follow me” feature is a gimmick - it has been turning in circles for no good reason and fails to point directly at where you are standing. We have disabled the feature. The sound seems a little richer than previous models but certainly not worth the price. Stick with the older models.	1	May 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	A kept saying that I didn't have enough light on for the main movement movement feature to function function which is ridiculous that should not matthat should not matter it's 2021 weekend we can see in low light And furthermore it would also turn away from me if I wasn't actively using the screen in and that was very annoying and also it should be more functional as a tablet and it is not I can't even pick a freaking show on Amazon because of the dysfunctionality of the apps on this Alexa device the device it is not worth the money It is not worth bothering taking out of my Box	1	August 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sound isn't as good as the previous echo show 10 and the screen moves too fast and the touch screen is shaky	2	November 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had the OG echo and it could hear me from another room with the tv on- I was extremely disappointed that “upgraded” to the Show 10 and literally have to scream at alexa multiple times before it acknowledges me. For the “upgrade” I had to send in my old echo and wait two months for the new one which has been nothing but a paperweight in my house.	1	March 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	Needs work. Super high expectations	3	April 9, 2021	1
echo show 10	At first I was enthusiastic.  The longer I had it.... 1. I have to unplug it to reset when I use a bluetooth speaker.  2.  I've had to reset the screen rotation so many times, I just quit. I block the screen from moving too far right to left.  Very very disappointed.Update... it's getting worse.  I CONSTANTLY have to reboot it.  I finally gave up...put it in the guest room and brought 8 back to the living area.  Now it simply doesn't work.  DO NOT BUY!!!!!	1	November 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	screaming  at it to make it work, the alarm  I have to scream at Otto make it work I have to get up out of the bed and swipe to sneeze!!! This one is crap to me and I have 4 of them!!!	2	September 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	The most recent OS update is horrible for smart home: it seems to have lost a huge chunk of learnt skills. Sometimes it responds, sometimes it doesn’t, but same commands give via the phone app gets executed.Unfortunately, the device doesn’t give the option to stay with what mostly works.	1	May 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	It’s ok. I wish now I had not purchased this item.  I’m fact, I’m send it back for a replacement since it’s too late to get a refund.  All of a sudden it stopped taking voice commands.  I received help from tech support but couldn’t resolve the problem.	2	June 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Even though I uploaded 300 pics to rotate, it shows the same ones all the time. It sucks big time. Tech people need to fix this. Waste of money. Wish I didn’t buy it. I also hate how it stays on one picture like forever before ur rotates.	2	August 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not turn and follow correctly .	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	For some reason, this Alexa rarely plays a song all the way through.  You tell it to play a song, it plays about 1:00 - 1:30 of the song, then stops, pauses, and moves on to the next track.  Super frustrating.It isn't an internet quality issue... we have four Alexas (older models) in our house.  And this Alexa is actually the closest to our wireless router.  All of our other Alexas work really well.Not a fan.  Would be nice to figure out how to get this one replaced.	1	November 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	Horrible unit. I had the first Echo and loved it. Thought I would upgrade to this. Big mistake! Doesn’t listen, gets almost everything wrong and is annoying as it follows you for a few seconds then freezes looking in opposite direction.I would have thought you could transfer your Amazon Unlimited music subscription, but you can’t. Ridiculous machine. Don’t buy it until they get it right! My last Amazon device.	1	March 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is our 4th Echo Show, and the worst one we have. I even had to turn off the swivel, as it would hit walls even after I programmed it. Likely to switch back to my Echo Show soon.	2	September 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Can’t change the voice to a guy voice. Does not listen sometimes	1	August 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	Very glitchyI wish the connected sub woofer would work with other apps besides music.	2	December 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Typical under powered Amazon device.	1	August 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	Amazon garage technology. High school project engineering. Keep away.	1	August 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	I need my echo to connect to my camera and other things in my home it won’t even do the security feature so I can’t watch my home through it so far this sucks it’s been 2 months	1	May 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	The turn feature is off and not as precise  as the advertised video. The wall echo is much better.	1	July 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	When I make a question Alexa say wrong answer.	2	January 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	Hello,I really want to give this Evho Show 5 stars, but can't.Mine broke and as a hub everything (over 30 Philips bubs as an example) stopped working, too.Amazon warranty requires they fix it, not replace it.  They are waiting on parts per customer service and there is no expected return date.Why Amazon can't do as other firms do with sending out a replacement, but they can't so I wait with all home automation dead in the water.  Great!  Amazon shouldn't let one device be a single point of failure!	1	September 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have this product without the speaker. The system can't understand me and the screen is always dark.The company needs to put out an update to fix the problems	2	October 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	It doesn’t respond to voice commands	2	February 9, 2022	0
echo show 10		1	September 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	Based on videos and advertising, we thought you could video call using FaceTime; however that is not the case. It turns out that this does the same as an echo dot without a screen. If I want to watch Netflix or Prime Video, I have a TV for that with a bigger scree.	2	April 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	This thing is nearly useless. Doesn't hear unless you yell. Continually interrupts recipes and cameras...JUNK. My Gen 2 did a better job and I traded it in because it had so many issues as well. Not worth the money to buy Alexa interfaces that have a screen. They no longer work well. They need to improve the microphones and software.	1	March 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	I do like the sound quality. But overalll I’m considering sending it back	1	August 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	Doesn't with Zoom. Doesn't even work with amazon chime, its own online network meeting platform.... doesn't with work any online meeting platform for that matter.  The screen follows you yes and lands slightly tilted so you can't see the screen clearly. SAVE YOUR MONEY or get a piece of technology that works with several platforms.	2	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bought his to show my security cameras.  Description says it works with Reolink.  I have 4K UHD cameras and they DO NOT work with Alexa.  Per the Reolink technical people.  Spent 2 weeks upgrading the firmware, no good (way too hard).  The Reolink system is less than a year old, also bought from Amazon.  Was happy with the Reolink install and setup, unhappy that it does not work with Alexa.  My cameras are D800 models and Reolink said they do not work an there is no work a round.  Not happy with Echo Show or Reolink.	1	July 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The processor is SLOW, like AOL slow.  The ""follow"" feature on this  is absolutely retarded,"" Alexa,Alexa,Alexa,"" Ah forget it.  (Takes multiple try to get a correct response). Overall, I give this a  ""F"". Last model was much better, not perfect, but better."	1	April 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	It’s like this thing is deaf.  My daughter’s echo dot works better than this.  We have a large house with her room on one side and the kitchen on the other and if I give a command her dot hears me before this POS when it’s just feet away.  The voice recognition is terrible.  The screen is always behind when following.  The photo album only sporadically runs.  The cord is too short.  It struggles with basic commands.  This is just disappointing all the way around.	1	November 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	OS is 3rd class !! Worst product ever! Super slow.. not worth the money at all! A jr engineer would be able to create better product then this!	1	July 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	Anytime I ask her to turn off a group, like bedroom, the device ask which item, instead of like a regular Echo Dot where it would just turn off the whole group. Very frustrating.	2	September 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	No me gusta que tenga que estar conectada para que se pueda estar encendida & pensé que se escucharía más fuerte, la verdad por su precio esperaba mucho más	2	September 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	"This would be great, except for one thing - Amazon does not let you fully control what is displayed on the home screen.  There is a ""Alexa for your day"" screen,  that will not go away.  There is no setting to remove it.  If Amazon doesn't fix, I'll be returning it."	2	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Poor directions, very bulky, video chat difficult to set up. Not user friendly, returned item.	1	July 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	This thing is possibly the worst buy for $250 of your hard earned money. Terrible at listening. Durant even know it's own name! You're better of using your light switches. Complete garbage. Don't waste your hard earned money on this junk	2	August 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Screen froze to many times.	3	March 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	it doesn't stay centered.	3	March 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	I didn’t do enough research.  Hoped I could watch You Tube TV on it.  The browser option is very unstable.  Can’t set location services to appease YT TV so it won’t show most local stations.  For some reason, it keeps requiring a restart for the motion on the camera.  So bad it’s several times a day.  Other times Alexa goes to time out and decides to just face the wall.	1	January 19, 2022	0
echo show 10	Camera is off center, when it’s “following” me it’s facing to the left around 20 degrees, it would be great if I had a lazy eye maybe, enough to drive anyone nuts, Amazon was fast to help me which is great, but you know what’s not great? Disabling the machine all together so I can’t use it, especially since it’s now on back order, so my exchange is dead in the water because they decided to disconnect my account to the show 10, and no matter how many times I try it doesn’t recognize my account, it’s a paper weight until it comes back in stock.	1	June 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Still getting over the creep factor of having a screen follow you as you move around the room. I wish it was easier to manually move the screen without worrying about stripping gears. The unit takes a lot more room on the counter because you have to account for its range of motion.	2	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am unsure what home this would be useful in. Its more cumbersome than anything	1	July 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	Great screen and speaker. But the microphones are garbage. Alexa does hear me half the time and when she does, it’s a toss up if she understands me.  Not worth the hefty price until they fix the mics.**Update- this device became so troublesome that I had to return it. Amazon sent said they fixed it and returned the same unit back. It wasn’t fixed at all. I asked for a new device but they said that wasn’t policy and my only option was to send it back for a refund. So I did.  So much for Amazon standing behind their tech. Guess I’ll be moving on the Google tech..	1	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	I can’t describe how awful this is. Imagine creating a company and once it took off you already stopped giving a f. That is this product. You buy- we f your a. 100.	1	May 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	Purchased to use for Zoom --- Did NOT Work!!!Absolute waste of money if you intend to use for Zoom Communications.Will not work as advertised	1	July 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Great audio quality, but it doesn't ""listen"" like my previous echo show.  We find ourselves shouting at alexa to stop music or video, etc.  Also she seems to not comprehend as well as our old echo, so no matter what you ask for, you seem to get something else"	2	April 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	There could be so much more added. Need to be able to add more news feeds or weather functions. I see only about 3 different screens or pictures. I honestly have not used it anymore than the regular Echo that I had before I bought the Echo Show 10...	2	May 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn't understand callbacks well	1	August 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	I paid $200 plus tax for Amazon's latest gen top of the line Echo Show 10 and Amazon can't even supply a matching power cable???????? They are shipping a bright white power cable and brick with a charcoal echo Show 10! It stands out like a sore thumb! You can't even hide it. I tried to get a matching replacement thinking they surely made a mistake but Amazon CS said the white one is the only one! Amazon managed to supply matching cords on all the previous gen Echo Show 10s. I hope whoever made this brain-less decision gets fired!! Needless to say these are going back! way to go Amazon!!!!!!	1	April 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	When the screen follows you and you stop, it doesn't face you directly. It's like it's looking behind you or over your shoulder. When you wake it, it turns toward you but never faces directly at you. That is a little frustrating. It's like someone taking your picture but aims off to your said.	2	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Love being able to call up recipes.	2	January 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	The Echo Show 10 isn't what I thought it would be. I've thought about sending it back many times because I get so frustrated with it but I've wanted it for so long that I'm hoping it'll grow on me. Alexa and I definitely aren't besties.	1	April 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	Love the idea of this new echo show but there are major delays with the camera setting. Most of the time it doesn’t work. I’m not able to turn it on from the Alexa app and see what’s going on in my living room. The speaker sounds great when playing music. The touch screen is cool and gives my kitchen a nice touch but the camera and the video calling needs some work. Idk if I’d recommend it to others to buy until they fix these problems. There are better options out there than this.	1	September 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	i was really happy  to get  this new version  . i still have first and second generation echo show working at home  and  this was looking  very  promising , But NO , NO NO. have a lot of issues .  most of the time  don't follow  you correctly and You need a very Good lighted room other wise  don't  works . if you you like the idea  to check you home as surveillance camera  with this device, be ready  to PAY EXTRA COST ( monthly or yearly )  to used  it . Defenitly a Big disappointment .	1	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	I receive my Echo sistem whitout de cable and manual	2	December 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	was excited with the speaker+screen setup of the unit, but the interface/app/lacking feature is very disappointing.  also can never get the live view of the camera feature to work.  Was going to buy 2 during prime day, luckily didn't.	2	July 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was on the waiting list to get this one when it first came out, and what a let down!  We have around 7 Echo Spots and dots and towers, and I will say this one is absolutely the worst!  Half of the time she doesn’t even respond and then when she does it’s incorrect.  In addition to this, every time she spins, she asks if she is spinning correctly…so annoying!  With all the other options, I would say don’t waste the money on this one…	1	November 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not even worth 2.50 let alone 250. No. Waste of money. Doesn't work literally 90%of the time.  So frustrating when the other one was just fine. Goodbye you.	1	June 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	The screen and camera are very cool but this thing is horrible at voice recognition. We have Echo devices from all generations throughout our entire house and this is by far the worst we've experienced. Also, my wife talked with an Amazon support person and they offered to take back the device, including an email with instructions on how to process the return. Great, except that I'm not given any option to return through Amazon's site because we're a few days past our 30-day limit. Replying to their email goes nowhere. So, here's another 1-star review to emphasize how poor their Alexa support is along with their product.	1	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is without doubt the worst Echo product we’ve owned. We’re an all Amazon household and have a device from every generation and most formats. We’re seriously regretting being an early adopter here.Voice recognition it terrible, often confusing smart home room names, whereas other devices, including the one previously sitting in this location have no issue. Ability to track faces and follow you is subpar at best, often requiring a repeat of “Alexa I’m over here”. When facial tracking isn’t up to par, the device assumes you’ve walked away and stops video content playback.Save your money. Go tried and true. This isn’t worth it.	1	March 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is the second echo show I have that cannot play Hulu. There is no help desk. This is the only way I believe I'll actually be able to get some help. If this doesn't get resolved I will be returning the item and switch to Google's platform	1	April 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I upgraded to the 10 and especially as of lately alexa hasnt been responding well or hearing what I'm saying she's been way off. Comnection is great no sounds around the echo 10 just  not happy with it also disabled the motion it as well is way off despite it having alot of space to rotate. Again i asked her a quiestion just now and it was completely off. Might have a defect idk this Alexa is on one	1	December 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don't know whether I received a bad product or just bought it too early before kinks could be ironed out.  Echo goes stupid too often (unresponsive); have had to do multiple restarts.  It gets another week or so before I return it or request another unit.	2	March 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	So annoying!!! She’s glitchy. Tel her to stop 15 times and she still doesn’t so we have to power down and restart. It happens all the time. Really disappointed. And the following around the room is actually kind of annoying. I find myself turning it off all the time.	2	March 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	What can I say. Read the other reviews.  Glitchy. Takes up a ton of space. Picture quality and sound not as good as expected from Amazons descriptions. And whoever's thought it was ok to ship a white power cord with a black unit seriously should be fired.	2	March 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	I bought two devices for communications with the family. The new feature of “zoom in” tends to go “in and out” on an infinite loop. A reboot seems to fix this, while audio issues continue to plague the devices. The sound goes “in and out” as in “quiet to loud”. The ISP connection speed is 500MB download and 50MB upload. The picture quality of video communications is significantly better when it works.I would recommend avoiding this product as it seems to be in the beta stage and barely usable. The previous generation of Echo Show was rock solid in the aforementioned issues and had no problems.	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	For the most part I do like this product but it has a lot of flaws. The stupid thing will play music when nobody says anything or even when nobody is in the Room. Plus it seems to have a problem understanding proper English.	2	May 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Echo show 10 3rd Gen. We got this for the kitchen. Mostly to use with the food network app.  The app randomly  closes while you are in the middle of a recipe. The echo show 10 has a hard time preforming basic commands. I usually get the response I can't do that. Well you played music 3x already today so don't tell me you can't do it again. It also seems to have a hard time getting names right. Yes profiles have been made. With warranty This is a $300 Bluetooth speaker. I don't have any problems with our echo dots at all.	1	April 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Device crapped out after a week of use. I like the concept, but I think the product quality is inferior. More R&D is needed.	2	September 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Annoying, as it doesn’t listen most of the time. Go ahead and save yourself the aggravation and get the Google one instead.	1	June 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	It is creepy!	2	January 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	the camera following the voice activation etc. was creepy	1	July 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	The microphone on the device doesn’t work well.  I can be standing right in front of the device, less than 3 feet away, with the screen facing me, and the device doesn’t recognize the “Alexa” wake-up word. Would not recommend the device.	2	April 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Poor connection and always slow	1	August 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	It’s ok but the blink camera that comes with it suck and I wish I could get my money back for it. Don’t let you see it on your echo show when you ask I’m just mad about it	2	July 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s boring and useless and screen quality is very bland and boring	2	November 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	The idea of this is great, but my unit sucks. While it will recognize my voice sometimes it takes a few tries and often it rotates away from my voice rather than toward it.The screen is great but I can’t play any suggested videos. It says they are restricted and after changing all the restrictions in the setting nothing plays.I wish I had never gotten this thing it is pure junk, and as a long time Amazon consumer, I am disappointed.	1	November 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Have only had this one for 11 months and it has never worked properly.  I regret ever buying it.  Of course this is the one model that Amazon doesn't take as a trade-in.  Guess I know why.	1	April 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’ve owned many Alexa devices this is the only one that can not hear me across the room like the others. I find I have to really raise my voice for it to hear me across the room. Like all the other features.	2	May 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	This would definitely not be my recommendation to anyone looking for an echo device. I have had an echo show 5, show 8, and now the  10. And out of all of them I dislike the 10 the most. I'd love to return it or trade it in for something better. If there is a way to do that please contact me.	1	February 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I've been a fan of Amazon for years, decades, even.This POS is the worst product ever to come out of Amazon.In a nutshell, it's an adserver that doesn't function other than to nag you to watch this show, or do this thing, or buy the other thing.  You can't even turn that crap off- you can't have it simply function as an assistant.I was so disgusted with it that I didn't even bother to mail it back- I threw it in the trash.	1	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	2/22/22 reevaluation slow to respond to wake word have tried all, incorrect response to inquiries.1st evaluation hard to move around when cleaning, no night vision , have to go in the app settings to use camera, voice response not so good	2	April 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	When I first got it was very exited but when it started acting up like motion detection problem, it freezes ,doesn't respond to your command only when it wants to, if you want to be disapointed all the time then you can buy it the old Alexa was better not happy with this version to expensive for the price of failure, Amazon selling you a good idea not a good machine to many glitches	1	December 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Don't know why they did it, but the movement feature is 1) buggy, and 2) annoying.  It takes up way more footprint so it can move.  It is no better, and in many ways worse, than the previous model.	2	May 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very poor quality. Even poorer customer service from Amazon when it comes to Backing up defective, poor quality brand new product they sell. Purses are brand new Amazon echo show third generation, Defective from the beginning. Tried to exchange for a brand new one as discussed with Allison call my received a refurbished one. Then I was told that they couldn’t do any more for me d. Very disappointed with the quality of the product and the service provided by Amazon.	1	November 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is a novelty item. Useless. Too complicated to program.	1	July 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	I switched from Facebook portal to this Alexa to keep in touch with family.It often freezes and hangs up on both ends. I usually have to call my mom's Alexa 3 times before the static goes away. The microphone often does not pick up or it's delayed.I simply wanted to switch because I wanted to be able to use Alexa to it's fully potential which is limited (or was) on the Portal and it wasn't worth it.	1	November 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is the first Echo Show that I have bought that goes backwards in sound and quality!  So frustrating.  The sound quality is worse than the previous generation… and the ability to actually hear me is absolutely horrendous!  I’ve had almost every generation of Echo and Show, and this is probably the worst one . The gimmicky movement rarely works and the overall satisfaction with this device is zero. Amazon seems like they are stuck 5 years in the past.  This product goes backwards in every way possible!!!	1	July 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Loud when moves side to side, the screen has a yellow tint to it, even on videos. Alexa seems to struggle more so on this device than my echo dot- which is jarring to say the least. The sound quality in music is not clear at all so I’ve resorted to just playing on Bluetooth through my tv speaker. Thanks Amazon, praying another product might have to bandwidth to squeeze ahead now since you’ve dropped the ball :(	1	December 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Disliked had very high hopes. Loved the idea but im diabetic.  An all it dose is show me cakes and snacks . It keeps suggesting i watch movies and nothing i was interested in. So i sold it an went back to google	1	March 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have purchased countless Alexa products and never have I been so disappointed .This product is horrible it plays video and music at all hours of day and night without being prompted I have reset this product and took to factory settings over 50 times .I have done everything suggested to have this problem resolved and nothing works ..So now I just unplugged it and chalked it up to 200 dollars wasted!!	1	December 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Echo Show motion 10 died 2 months after I got it and was able to reset it with supports help.  Now, 4 months after I received it, it is completely dead!  Looks like I 'may' be able to replace it but not getting the right support from Amazon.  So, I have a $250 dead alexa hanging out in my kitchen.	1	January 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	It will repeat exactly what I say and will play another song. After I repeat the song about three time  ,it will play the right song or my echo plus in the family room will play the correct song	2	April 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product has started intermittently making an absolutely horrific screeching sound. It's so high pitch that it's driving our animals (AND DEFINITELY US) crazy! I don't know if it's some sort of orienting feature but it's absolutely awful. Outside of being an overpriced dog whistle, it performs as it should and as other echo shows do. I would give this AT LEAST 4 stars if they'd come up with a fix for the noise. Until then, it will be serving as a super expensive paper weight. Unfortunately this problem didn't present itself until after my return window had closed.	1	April 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	It does nothing like it is advertised to do … I am probably going to return mine.It’s advertised to be able to watch tv on it .. and you can’t … wish I never bought it!I would not recommend it to anyone!	1	March 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	It keeps moving by itself like it is following someone. It moves past the parameters I set. A lot of times it doesn’t answer my questions need to send back	2	July 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	This thing is garbage. The processor must be cheap because it was so laggy. Our old smaller show was so much more responsive. We thought we could use it for Alexa video calls but even that didn’t work well. Amazon engineers you need to fix this junk.	1	March 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Annoying piece of garbage to have on desk. Throws up one ad after another. I shut off everything it lets you shut off and it still repeatedly tells you what to watch and what ""wonderful"" things it can do. Thought it would serve as a nice picture frame but the pictures seldom change except to present an ad, and there is no way to speed up the slideshow. Just as bad--all pictures have the current date and time in front of them. Save your money. Walk in front of my house and pick it out of the trash."	1	April 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Be aware that your screen will display “Alexa for your day” one-third of the time the screen is on.  This takes up the full screen with monotonous ideas on what you can ask Alexa to do.  This Echo Show is too expensive to have no control over this part of the display.  I like to rotate my photos on the screen, but after every two photos, it’s back to the Amazon content . . . over and over and over.	1	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not responding t expected versatility	1	August 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	can,t load the app on my chromebook you should fix so it will work on everything not happy with it.	2	September 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	This hardly ever recognized our voice, so hardly ever does what we are asking. The screen motion is constantly becoming disabled - even though it is not hitting anything when it rotates?! It is also not able to drop-in on other Echo dots we have located in our house if they are more than one story away. Waste of $200!	1	January 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	Unlike my four other Alexa devices, the Alexa Show 10 does not hear well at all.  It is very frustrating.  It either doesn't hear me or hears me poorly, misunderstanding many words.  This doesn't happen with my other Alexa devices.	2	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had to change it for another device, Alexia spoke every day 3:00am alone I was a little worried, it was every day	2	August 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	Clunky performance. I’ve seen open source tracking software with much better implementation. The voice response and slew rate are both laggy.The lack of relevant “skills” also still plagues the system, as does the ever disappointing Siri (except when Looking for a laugh).Asking for specific skills is...interesting. Sometimes you get what you ask for, other times...you may get something random or the infamous “I’m not sure about that.”My recommendation is to save your money and buy a unit a few generations down the road or to look for substitute products in the future.	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	The rotation and following of the user is pretty terrible. That’s the main draw of this Echo Show, and it does not work well at all. I’m sure this can be improved via software updates, but it’s really bad right now.	2	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	I'm not sure why but many of the skills and features seem to not work well with this device. Also, it seems to struggle picking up voice and answering simple questions.	2	July 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is the third one I have had replaced. The voice command stopped working.This product is not worth buying- lasted one month.the others ones that they have replaced are doing the same thing.. No voice command.  I have a feeling that they have replaced them with refurbished ones.  I am so dissappointed that I  am at loss of what to do next. If  anyone else  had this problem I sure would like to know just if you figured out why the voice command just stopped working I would appreciate any feedback.	1	April 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is very glitchy and twitchy compared to the 2nd Generation Echo Show. I am contemplating returning it because of the poor performance. Motion is jerky and inconsistent. It does not listen or perform as well as the 2nd generation	2	March 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	Awful.  So frustrating.  We are about to demote it from the kitchen counter and replace with a much older Echo that listens and acts better.Struggles to play music (keep getting error or simply won’t play), obsessed with getting rotation right (keeps prompting to ask if rotated right; in the meantime it seems to forget the command that triggered it in the first place) and simply doesn’t respond many times.  Sometimes a distant, older Echo in another room will respond instead.	1	August 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Tracking is very finicky and poor. Sometimes smooth other times ratchety.  Sometimes doesn’t move at all!!!! Msgs. Say it bumped into something when there is nothing around it.It’s a gimmick, I’m not impressed!!	2	May 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	The microphone recognition is the worst of all of the echo devices I have owned. We have to say Alexa 5 times to even get it register. Screen movement is very buggy. The speaker is great quality so 2 stars there.	2	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Im sure we got this because its the ""new better thing"". Its a waste of money if you have an echo show that works. Cant believe we downgraded to this thing. It takes up more counter real estate, doesn't really sound that much better that you would really notice. Its not a high end audio device. It came with a white power cord for a black device. when the screen moves it gets stuck in a manner you have to work with it to get it back correct. We just turned the motion feature off."	1	April 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Na	2	January 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	I don't understand how they sold this with the tracking/motion the way it is. It's annoying and useless The camera is on the top corner of screen therefore when it tracks you the screen is slightly to the left of your face. You are not looking directly at the screen. Speakers better than the other versions I guess and screen bigger. Other than that seems kind of like a waste of money. And super annoying with the motion. Who wants to look at a screen that's slightly off center to your face?	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	After having it for a few months now, I realize this is not a very smart purchase. Alexa listens about as well as most women, not at all, misinterprets nearly everything I say, the motion tech is not there yet, and the ai will tell you it can’t do something when it literally did the same exact commands 30 seconds ago. I’m not at all happy with this thing, and honestly am thinking of giving Google home a chance. Alexa just either doesn’t care or is not very bright	1	June 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have Amazon premium account and Amazon music service but when asking a echo Show to play Music on Pandora it constantly replies that in order to play the Pandora music I need to purchase the Amazon Music Premium service and then say do you want to purchase!!!!!!	1	February 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	Amazon could've had a great product especially for those who are not tech savy such as my elderly mother. Sadly, we cannot get it to work with Skype although it is advertised to do that. Now we struggle to manage the daily tech support required to at least keep the picture carousel rotating. Skype just doesn't work 95% of the time. Do not buy it!	1	December 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	The show 10 is an absolute nightmare. It does not have an app store and everything is pulled from the cloud making it extremely slow. The only one good thing is video chat from the alexa app. Pretty useless for everything else.	1	March 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	I bought it and found its functionality is very limited to just Alexa. I thought it is like an android based pad so I tried very hard but failed to figure out how to install third party apps in it. I had to return it at the end. Very disappointed.Why did not Amazon make this not only an Alexa Show but also a pad to allow users to install third party apps from Google Play? That will make a lot of more people interested in it.	1	June 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bigger screen is nice, but otherwise the design is ugly and takes up a lot of space.  The motion tracking is a novelty at this point.  Save your money and get one of the other Echos.	2	March 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Looks like it has a disease and acts like it! Motion detector follows you around like it's having a seizure. Weird angle for display. The contrast of the white trim around the screen vs. the black trim around the screen make the screen appear smaller and washes out the visuals. Weird split screen suggestions when it scrolls on home screen, and no way to stop the split screen that I can find. Bad design with the large bulb for a speaker at the bottom. Overall disappointment as I already have 2 of the 10's second gen.	1	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	We have the older generation echo show 10 and it works much better than this one. Video calling is horrific on here, yet I go to the old echo show and no issues. I have factory reset this so many times I lost count and it still lags. This is a $250.00 paper weight! So disappointed.	1	January 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is horrible in determining where the voice is coming from and sometime it doesn’t respond.  Also customer support doesn’t exits.  Amazon doesn’t like to help.	2	June 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Amazon - please integrate multi-room music (MRM) for Echo Show 10 and Sonos. My Echo Show 10 can control my entire Sonos system (7 speakers), but sits there like a helpless mute because it can’t integrate into music playback.	2	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very average! Is usually facing a different direction. Extremely annoyed that the black version came with a white cord, it looks so stupid, for the amount you pay for this thing they could at least color coordinate.	2	March 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	I like the new echo show but there are too many glitches I'm going to hopefully wait it out and the glitches will hopefully die out with new updates.	2	June 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	I've had all the alexas that have come onto the market, but this one is definitely the worst, it's extremely expensive for the functions it performs and although physically it's very pretty, the functions are terrible, it doesn't work in the direction it wants, the music stops by itself , is completely paralyzed.  please buy another.	1	January 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is a nice item in theory, but....The camera is on the top right of the screen. When the camera follows you, it cause the screen to be off center when in stops. So the screen isn't facing you. The camera should be in the center above the screen, not on the right side. Very poor design. I'm shocked Amazon would release this. This isn't something that a software update can resolve. I have seen this complaint in multiple reviews here. I have scheduled a pick up to return mine. Very disappointing.	1	April 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	i was hoping to be able to use this as a tablet so i could read my morning paper. but it will not accommodated that. so i will be returning it.	2	May 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	Cool product. However its spotify integration does not work well. There is no netflix integration & youtube app. I have encountered prime video problems as well.Screen and sound quality is great.	2	May 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	This device is useless but wildly expensive. The voice recognition and programming is garbage, it has never once actually completed a verbal command properly and randomly picks inappropriate songs to play usually. And it doesn't stop when you tell it to stop or return to home screen. We have the google assistant at home too and in comparison it works magnificently, even understanding prompts by my 2yo and completing them properly. I would never recommend an amazon alexa product	1	October 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The ""Try"" blah blah blah that is always on the bottom is freaking annoying. I see a lot is people complaining about it. Amazon give us the option to disable it. Also, allow us to disable the ""Alexa for the day"" screen.  The one thing that I hate most is the fact that anyone can walk up to this thing and say ""Hey Alexa"" and it will respond to them. I want to have the option to only allow it to respond to recognized voices for security reasons, Google does it."	1	March 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	No funciona bien Renés que repetir muchas veces las instrucciones para que aga algo muy simple como darte la hora o encender una luz	2	July 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s super slow and delayed. Takes forever to load and lags. Can’t browse the internet so you need to rely on Alexa to look something up and half the time she isn’t helpful at all.	1	March 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	Was good at first but now very glitchy. Cannot work when lights are off which is very odd	2	September 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Alexa voice command and motion detector keeps disabling I had to reset it 4x so far and I only had it for a week	2	July 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Apps/functions crash often. The mic does not seam to pick up voice as well as other echo's. The smart display OS could be more functional. For $250, it just does not match up with the cost.	2	March 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’m so frustrated with this device.  I bought a brand new one had issues with connections.  Soooo I get a replacement, a refurbished one.  Worked for a while back to same issues.  Every Apple device I have works with no Wi-Fi interruption.  This won’t work AT ALL!!  I have reset it to factory settings now it won’t even turn on.  Over 200 dollars for a device that won’t work.	1	October 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	The motion is pointless when you’re not doing a video chat, I randomly moves on its own so sometimes when you look at it the screen isn’t even where you can see it!	2	April 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	I would wait to buy this product there are bugs throughout the system and it would be impossible for my mother to be able to operate this device the way it is set up today.	2	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	The only reason i bought this device was for their tracking capabilities, its a huge dissapointment it does not work right, it is always pointing the other way,  it does not follow you.	2	March 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	I'm beyond disappointed with this. The Show itself is great, but it doesn't work. It disconnects from the internet multiple times a day, and the only way to get it to reconnect is to unplug it and let it reboot. It can't even do something simple like play spotify when asked, so much money for something that doesn't work. I tried to reach out to support but their solution was to just unplug it and plug it back in. Which doesn't fix it.	1	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Screen would not always return to the set neutral position... screen would not follow my voice when I walked around.  Keep saying unstable platform when any movement was felt by the device.  Big & Bulky platform need lots of room not just for scanning  Other than screen movement which was unreliable was basically the same as my older Echo ten  NOT RECOMMENDED  JUST BUY A ECHO TEN ($200) A GOOD RELIABLE PLATFORM	1	September 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Freezes up and can't hear very well have to repeat self many times but echo eight is way better or maybe I just got a refurbished one I don't know	2	April 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	My Echo Show 10 (3rd Gen) stopped working. I reported it to Amazon through chat, followed all instructed rebooting steps and screen still shows blank. I am requesting a replacement. Thanks.	2	April 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Still needs some more development as well the picking up the voice my old echo show pick up my voice while im Standing in front of the echo show 10	2	May 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen goes black and after doing resets nothing worked. The device is just over 5 months old. After trying to troubleshoot, I found out Amazon’s response is to send a refurbished unit not a new replacement. It’s an expensive investment to have break within such a short time and then the response is the best we can do is a refurb. Terrible product and terrible service	1	December 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not happy with this Echo Show 10. It had a hard time finding my voice. The motions just goes back and forth till I manually stop it. Once you turn off your Bluetooth, you have to reboot the Echo to get your sound back. After awhile...it quit recognizing my voice and then just kept repeating my last commands.  They are sending me another one but I'm not too sure about whether I want to keep it.	1	September 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have used an echo of basically every configuration out there, since the first gen. None of them has so much trouble detecting then wake word as this device. I find myself constantly saying the word Alexa, raising my voice as frustration grows. Not even the echo dot is as terrible at its basic feature as this thing. It does not matter how the screen or camera is, if this BS product can’t recognize when it is needed?	1	August 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	An Echo Dot two rooms away will respond before this Echo Show 10 realizes I've said 'Alexa'	1	May 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Very cool concept, poor quality.  Most of the time it does not wake when spoken to.  When it does respond, it’s VERY slow to wake and execute commands.  Screen inputs are super slow too.  Would not buy again.	1	February 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	The product does not rotate as stated, it have a problem in the system somewhere and the help desk does not have a answer for what the problem is yet.	2	April 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is our 5th echo device. We got it because we liked the idea of the turning camera to keep an eye on the kids. This one is horrible. Doesn’t work. Doesn’t understand commands. Video drop in doesn’t work even though it worked perfectly on our old echo show. We have an old echo dot sitting next to it that we’ve switched to using it. Save your money and stick to the echo show you currently have.	1	August 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s beautiful, but quite large!  It had trouble following my voice. At one point its rotating screen stopped when facing the wall!  I put it aside for now...too stressed!	2	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	No liked because when I am watching for example Netflix, only I can watch for couple minutes and the application close. I got back the product, has a problem.	2	May 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	i don’t like how hard the screen is to touch. i swipe to get to home screen and it takes me 3 attempts. also the motion sensor isn’t that great at picking up my location so often the screen isn’t facing me.	1	February 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	A total nightmare to hard do use couldn't hook up to my Appliances	1	June 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	No support, not even a PDF for operating, Useless, waste of money	1	June 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	No se pueden bajar apps, para hacer videollamadas el familiar o amigo tiene que añadir el dispisitivo al Echo, y si el familiar no está en EU 🤷‍♀️	2	May 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not answer or respond at night if the light is too low. I have it in my family room and if lights are turned down it does move or responds	2	March 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Yan han pasado casi dos semanas desde que reporté el error de mi producto y no lo solucionan. La cámara no está mal porque el Drop In funciona, pero no me permite monitorear la opción de video en vivo y por esa razón compré el artículo. Lo peor es que han desactivado esa opción de cámara en mi app de Alexa cuando ingreso a mi dispositivo (como se ve en el video adjunto).Necesito una solución inmediata, ya que estoy muy decepcionado de su servicio post venta."	1	May 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	I returned 3 units because the follow me feature is just not ready for prime time.  Pun not intended. It does not rotate properly and if it’s backed up against a wall, in the morning I found the screen had banged into the wall at some point and this was after setting it up correctly on all 3 units. Got the 2nd gen Show 8 which is less expensive and better in the end.	1	August 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	"After carefully disabling all of the home screen content so that I could see nothing but rotating wallpaper with the time, I was confronted by a persistent ugly gray ""alexa for your day"" screen frequently in the wallpaper rotation. This was described by amazon tech support as an ""advertisement"" which cannot be removed. I didn't notice that I had purchased the ad supported version and certainly thought I had paid full price for it.This device is going right back to them."	1	May 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Nice design but audio quality is nothing to write home about! No bass unlike the other previous version	2	August 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is a gift to my wife for christmas and the major reason i purchased this is to incorporate my smart system and facebook messenger witch my wife uses everyday in the kitchen. But its frustrating because messenger does not work with it. I should have purchase a different brand	1	January 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition is really bad.	2	November 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	No night vision and does not show ring camera screen on motion detection. I mainly bought this for these two features.Picture and voice quality is good though.	2	March 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	This has to be one of the most overpriced pieces of junk. Alexa listens half of the time but the other half of the time you have to repeat commands. One of the biggest disappointments is that Amazon said it would work with all these diffent apps like Zoom but it’s not supported so it is basically a really expensive clock. I would give it 0 stars but least you can give it is 1. Save your money and don’t waste your time!!!	1	May 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Good idea.  Never used.  I bought this for my wife and she cannot figure out how to use it for a recipe.  When she finds a recipe, when  pressed the screen even gently, it tends to need to recalibrate.  It is a beyond confusing device which is a paperweight.  I am sad I made this picture and feel bad that I bought her something that she won't use.  Hundreds of dollars out the window.	1	June 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	There is no way it’s acceptable for a device from a tech company that is also expensive to have a touch screen this laggy. I bought this to video chat with my grandmother and it’s been a huge disappointment. We both have issues using it. You tap the screen and 3-5 seconds will go by before it responds, or it just won’t respond. You never know. It’s entirely to slow. Massive disappointment.	1	September 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	My smaller Alexa show can cast a video. Why can’t this one.  What a joke	2	September 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Buggy interface, constantly needs rebooting, won't play Hulu or YouTube (or any video app aside from Netflix and Amazon, both  of which are glitch at best).Save your money and get something else. I'm going to try the Google hub instead.	1	January 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have every generation and 6 in my house. Hands down the voice recognition is garbage. I literally just pulled a scene from office space on it after it testing my patience with NEVER hearing anyone. To note, k have every generation in this exact spot in my house! GARBAGE	1	January 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	Se despograma acada rato aveses alexas no escucha hay que reiniciar	1	June 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	Takes up a lot of space, needs room to spin around.  Mine could not be set up, even though it was on a counter with nothing in the way, it would say that it bumped into something - try again, or unplug ... needless to say after about 10 tries she got packed back up & sent back.!!!! Totally frustrating.  PS: I cannot rate the features as it would not start up. Thank you!	1	July 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am not happy with the echo show. Alexa does not respond half the time. It shuts off for no reason. Not worth the price.	2	May 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Update:My biggest regret I decided to give it a try and no returned itSometimes I have to scream to Alexa show 10  so can listen to what I say, I setup for bilingual and some times when I speak in English she answered in Spanish or Vice versa, the screen  supposed to stay where you at, but all the sudden it turns facing the window, sound is ok needs a lot of improvements, few more days and I will return it"	1	May 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sorry to say I wish I bought something else! Great idea but poor implementation! Touch screen is not good and only Hulu app for tv and I want sling. You should open up the apps! My wife wants to watch tv but she could not figure it out! It hard to say the least, they should offer a remote! Voice controls takes 4 times to get what you want!  😝 I am hoping for a refund!	1	June 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Stopped working properly with Fire TV recast, the only thing I bought it for. It shows that shows exist but won’t select them, and iis now an energy sucking lump in my kitchen that cant perform the main function it was purchased for.	1	January 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	I bought this Echo Show 10 because it’s advertised to be a zigbee hub. I have had this device since it came out and still can’t setup any zigbee devices.Guess what — customer service can’t help you, either. Was this product falsely advertised? Is there someone at Amazon that can tell me how to use the built in hub?Somebody say something!	1	October 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's about a millennium behind my MacBook in terms of functional design, but it IS an echo and IS a way to invite amazon's AI into my bedroom.	2	March 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Product was defective out of the box.  Amazon and Aura point the blame at each other with no help to the customer. Horrible experience, do not buy!	1	March 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	No puede controlar por si solo las Smart ligths, a diferencia del de 2da generación que si lo hacia. Fue un error actualizarme, era mejor el anterior	2	March 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	The quizzes are fun but that’s about it	2	October 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	"This costs about $150 more than the show 8. All you get is a buggy swivel for that price. Sometimes it follows you, slowly and laggy, and the rest it doesn't follow you.Even more important, my other three shows' are getting very slow, laggy UI. Takes forever to respond to my verbal or touch commands. Hoping this brand new high priced Show would be ""snappier"". It isn't.What's the deal Amazon? Cheap CPUs or does EVERYTHING have to go to the cloud?? Fix this."	1	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Goes into Do Not Disturb and everything I've tried does  not work. Unless you can come up with a solution, piece of junk	1	March 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	More than just yourself must have this to see your friends. unless I'm doing something wrong	2	August 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product only worked 100% in the first month. After that it got slower and slower each month. The processor has gotten so slow that I don’t receive an image on screen and Alexa doesn’t respond to voice commands until 20 seconds after giving them. Ultimately unusable. Blows my mind since all it’s ever done is sit in one spot in my kitchen.Incredibly disappointed.	1	November 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Update: The microphone continues to be an issue. Shouting at it seems to help but not always. Now connectivity is sketchy at best.  This thing is quickly becoming little more than a below average cooking timer.Definitely not worth the money. The motion feature is more annoying than helpful.The microphone from my 2nd gen dot sitting 3 rooms away picks me up when this thing does not.The screen is nice.Sound is good but not WOW.	1	April 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product is not ready for market.Doesn’t hear the wake word first time….ever!Got worse when Firefox was removed and their own Amazon browser just crashes all the time.Never hears what I want correctly.‘Follow me’ feature not ready for market, always 10 degrees off and ends up just facing the wall. Useless.Unplugged and put in a cupboard. Useless purchase.	1	October 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	When I ask Alexa something shows me nothing that pertains to the subject but other things. Extremely disappointed.	2	July 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	The speaker is good when it works. There will be times the speaker goes out. When it does it plays static, or just completely stops.	1	March 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is the only one I get angry and yell at.My sphere, several generations of towers, my car one, the app on my phone, the older screen in the kitchen, dots... all fine.  This, being most expensive, is also the worst designed.  I want to like it, but I'm always yelling at it.And for the love of whatever you worship, STOP TRYING TO SELL ME AMAZON MUSIC SUBSCRIPTIONS DOZENS OF TIMES EVERY DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!	1	May 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Buggy buggy buggy. Non native apps means you cant search on hulu or netflix or even amazon video. Seriously? Can't search shows to watch?! Only recommendations? Doesn't remember my phone's bluetooth to pair. Offset camera sucks. Screen brightness leaves something to be desired. It kicks me out of youtube videos halfway through. Waste of money and time for this first gen of this iteration. Sucks being a guinea pig for tech you thought they would have nailed down by now.	1	April 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don't know what it is but this is the second Echo because I exchanged the first one because I thought it was defective because it was having a hard time recognizing simple commands. Nope, the replacement one is the same way. asking Alexa to turn on the living room lights seems like such a hard thing for her to do. It's easier to just get up and do it myself. Waste of money.	1	July 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Even Alexa lost her patience with the slowness of the device. Almost unusable.	1	May 11, 2022	0
echo show 10	This echo locks, sticks. Needs constant reboots. Doest hear wake word or slooow to react. Doesn't follow one person movement when told to. Wish I could get my money back!	1	February 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	If you plan on buying this make sure to use in an EXTREMELY well lit room. Otherwise the screen follow feature (motion) fails. Also my unit doesn’t follow me quite right. The screen is always off to the left of where I’m standing. Shame was really excited about this product. Will probably return it.	1	December 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn't acknowledge commands. Plays media out of the blue on its own. Followed all the troubleshooting steps but this one of 7 echo devices I bought just doesn't work properly. Amazon does everything to worm out of replacement promise. Finally had to agree to pay them $42+ to replace it. I wish I had followed friends and family advice and bought Google Nest!	1	October 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	The operating system on this device  is weak cheap old. This operating system is a thing of the past but they claim it’s the newest on Amazon  website but I know that’s a lie. This device needs a major update to year 2021 they claim it’s up to date but I know that’s a lie. A waste of U.S.A. Currency is what it is a waste.	1	September 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not what we expected has some flaws especially if there are 2 people in the room needs updating of software has a lot of issues	2	March 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Would you like to ask Alexa to do something?50/50 she'll listen to you in this heap of garbage.Or better yet, ask Alexa to play music on the Show, and it'll play a completely different song, on a different echo device in the bedroom. Wut?Maybe a little bit more testing, and little bit less BS would be great from this company.	1	September 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don’t use half the features.  It’s great but  only if your going to utilize all the features.	2	June 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	First of all it's sad that this device was coupled with a white power cord. I use this on my grand piano to play along with songs while it displays the lyrics so I can sing along. You will have to buy a matching cord if you buy this black device. They are $15 - $20 so keep that in mind!	1	November 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’ll keep this simple. It’s not ready.I bought this to watch my netflix shows while walking around the kitchen and doing work/eating.It doesn’t follow you correctly, but worst of all the screen turns off after 5 minutes into the show and goes back to “low power mode” and the home screen.I can’t use it for what it was intended for. I’m not sure why it doesn’t recognize a show is being watched and it’s being used.	1	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	I asked for an exchange because it isn’t working only 3 months old and the customer service person from another country wouldn’t do it. I am cancelling all of my Amazon subscriptions etcIt says clearly I have 1 year to exchange but couldn’t get any helpI tried through chat and phoneAMAZONE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL!  HIRE AMERICANS PLEASE FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!	1	September 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don’t like anything about it	1	June 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’ve used Echo drop in to talk to my elderly mother.  Both Echo shows in her room have stopped connecting to my Echo and customer support is completely useless.  Buy a Portal.	1	February 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	Doesn't know much Doesn't understand questions Use your phone.	2	September 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	I haven’t even set this new Echo up yet.  I have the earlier version in black and loved it because we have dark countertops and dark shades behind it.  I was, however, very disappointed when unboxing this new black one and didn’t realize that it comes with a WHITE cord.  Very ugly with the black component on my dark gray countertops.  I may have to send back and stick with the earlier version that has matching cord.	1	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Love the idea but she never heard us when we said her name. It became extremely frustrating!	2	July 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Can’t make calls with WhatsApp or meet or zoom. Best to buy other options like fb portal.	1	April 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition doesn’t recognize your voice you have to say Alexa first before I will do any commands my girlfriend does the same thing you can’t distinguish between me and my girlfriend that’s nonsense visual quality is good that’s it rotation mode stinks doesn’t work when it feels like it	1	December 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	The picture quality is good. It’s a nice product. I’ve watched movies on it from Amazon prime. My biggest issue is that it topples over,  no matter how I position it. So much so that I’ve put a counter weight on the speaker. And now I get an error that it may be on an unstable surface and it doesn’t work. Whoever designed this needs to go back to the drawing board for the next one.	1	April 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Problemas para reconocer la voz	2	October 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Motion detector is not very accurate	1	June 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	I’ve been having it and it still won’t let me finish my registration it doesn’t go farther than saying is gonna update and it goes back to setup	1	February 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	What I do not like is that the person detection option on the camera is graded out and no notification	2	May 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	"We have an Echo Show 8"" and looked at this for an upgrade. We thought the ""follow you"" feature would be nice but not. The ""upgrade"" wasn't much. One off-putting thing is that everything that is a ""feature"" turns out to be a subscription. This a just a gateway to more marketing messaging, which I can do without. All in all a nice unit but not worth the high price to get more commercials in my life."	1	March 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	"It does not follow you well...  Loses you often and will spin erratically ""looking"" for you"	2	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Our new Amazon Echo showed up missing the power cable and motion footprint template so could not activate or turn on. Return process was difficult. Would not allow me to request a return but rather forces you to use the virtual assistant to try and resolve the issue. Eventually got a human on the phone that processed the return and re-order which we have been waiting weeks for.	1	July 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	I like the size of the screen, picture quality is very nice. Alexa does not listen she would answer before your finished talking  Sometimes she would go off on a rant without asking her anything. I would ask for a song and she would play whatever she wanted. I found myself yelling at the screen it was too fustrating I had to send the machine back.	1	July 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Great device but haven't been able to bring it online even after being on the phone with tech support for half an hour.	2	March 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I ""upgraded"" to this model when it was released, but it's worse than the predecessor. It doesn't understand my voice commands (while other devices across the room or house will respond), it doesn't track my movement when active. Screen isn't as good as the ""search engine"" competition. Wish I had saved my money..."	1	November 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The experience has become progressively worse with Alexa constantly throwing in ""By the way..."" and giving us nonsense advertising for features I don't care about. I've disabled literally everything giving ""suggestions"" and she still chirps in at least 3 or 4 times a day with ""By the way..."".Let me turn it off universally!"	1	November 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	The microphone does not work nearly as well as the previous generation. I am seriously considering retiring this product.	2	May 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product has so much potential yet as of now it’s merely a 10 inch screen with a Bluetooth speaker.Pros•Has Alexa•Netflix•Prime video• Able to surf the web•Speaker sounds goodCons•It does not work like a fire tablet.•Needs more apps that work with it. One that I hope to find is masterclass•It does not have an appletv app or Apple music as advertised•does not work like a fireTv	1	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	No YouTube App. No support for YouTube TV. The camera following you doesn’t really work right. I’m going to return it.	2	April 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had the echo show 10 for one week. After one week, it started not responding to any commands. It also would not enable motion. For music, it made odd noises instead of playing music selected. I had to return it.	1	December 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	THIS ECHO SHOW HAS MORE ISSUES THEN ANY OF THE OTHER ECHO PRODUCTS I OWN IT FREEZES A LOT AND THE SCREEN HASN'T GOT A CLUE ON FOLLOWING YOU WHEN YOU MOVE, THIS THING IS THE WORSE SORRY I BROUGHT IT.	1	December 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	Waiting to buy this and wish we hadn’t. She doesn’t understand basic commands can’t do half the stuff the Google hubs can do, she’s annoying with tips and tricks, she has issues tracking you especially when there are other sounds in the room , and the calling seems cool but you can only call other people who have it which is kind of worthless. Needs a FaceTime integration	1	July 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Never was able to use like they do in the commercials. Returned.	1	April 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	doesn't work correctly, voice recognition is bad and so is the sound.Updated software and still doesn’t work correctly	1	March 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	We have the generation 2 more and it works so Much better then this one. We have had problems from day one with it. It doesn’t hear our requests well at all. Other rooms willPick up our voices before this one when standing right in front  of it. Also our cameras don’t work on here they are very delayed.	1	September 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	It did not come with instructions. It does not follow me correctly. It does not always listen.	2	June 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Nice screen. Nice library of background pics. Set-up has been difficult and remains incomplete.	2	July 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	Their trade in program is a shame, I sent a device back in the original packaging that was in prime condition but they said it had cracks or scratches and returned the device and not even in the same packaging I sent it with. BBB complaint filed. They did respond to the complaint and said all decisions are final no matter what proof I supply.	1	July 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	The overall user interface is lacking ease of access. If you want something that is only good for spitting fun facts at you, then this is as good as it gets. Theres really no benefit to adding this into your houses electronic web. but I digress. Also. the screen already has three large lines that have just appeared overnight.	1	October 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was super excited for this echo to arrive, yet after a few months it no longer follows me , nor does it announce movement detected from ring cameras. The lower cost echo device I have still works and I am sorry I spent the money on this echo show with motion.	1	October 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	We were early adopters of Alexa and have had a smart house for a long time, we have had every model of Alexa since the inception and the biggest issue has always been voice recognition. Well it isn't any better with this new one. It is a beautiful machine and the new features are great but if you can't be heard what is the point?	1	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	The show doesn’t move with like I thought it would. The voice recognition is no better than my old one	2	March 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	My Echo Show 10's camera stopped working a week after I purchased. I finally got a hold customer service they made me send it in just for them to reload the software. It took weeks to have it shipped back and it's STILL NOT WORKING	1	November 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bought a new echo 10 arrived last week. Live view worked fine for a couple days now it doesn't work. Called customer support and they are sending me a refurbished unit. I haven't even had it a week and to think I paid over $249 and they send me someone else's problem. I am not happy.	1	October 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was promised my zoom meetings on zoom and spent my money on this with no results	2	May 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	The sound of the worst. It comes with a big speaker which doesn’t work. My headphones are way louder than the speaker. Such disappointment.	1	February 17, 2022	0
echo show 10	Some times it doesn’t work I have to restart once every few days, many times it plays in the background but with black screen for some time and then it start showing something, it seems like so many issues. i am slowly figuring out.The customer support for this product is also not so good.	1	October 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very disappointed at the sound quality. Also surprised at how bulky it is and really stands out in the room.	2	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Kept losing internet connection. Alexa no longer respond. Have not have time to troubleshoot issue.	2	June 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Moved up from original Show and we are really disappointed. Commands and interfaces are now very buggy	2	April 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very disappointed, my old echo show 10 worked much better. This thing glitches and the voice recognition is terrible. Time to switch my echos for google i guess..	1	January 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	The screen is horrific. The touch portion doesn’t work half of the time. I can push a button a hundred times and it doesn’t nothing.It doesn’t follow you, etc. makes me wish I never bought this thing. I hardly use it because the touch screen doesn’t want to work.	1	October 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	We bought this for controlling our smart home; it isn't what we were looking for. When we play music to the Alexa-enabled room speakers (Sonos) using the Show, it does not give us playback controls on-screen. The smart home dashboard available on the Show for controlling lights takes too long to load.	1	October 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	I bought this to check in on my dogs. Camera doesn’t work. Tried re-installing everything several times and never got it to work. Waste of money.	1	January 29, 2022	0
echo show 10	The echo was incapable of acting as a smart hub all it was able to do was create links to a hub. If you have ever set up a smart home you understand the time it takes to get everything just right  I wasted an entire day only to recognize the echo couldn’t do the job. Amazon should really have a tech team that actually knows the correct answers	1	March 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Trash	1	May 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	Brand new out of package and Had problems with screen had to callCustomer support . They said they couldn’t help and would have to set up a specialist to help which would cost me more $$$Sent it back . Very disappointed	1	October 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Constantly shows this “Alexa for the day” screen during the slide show about once every 5 slides. Amazon tech support says it cannot be removed. I purposely bought the bigger screen for pictures. I really like the rest of the device but this just ruined it. I’ll give it a few days and then I am returning it."	1	April 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	May have to go back to my last gen show. My entire family has echo shows, I’m the only one with the 10 and I think it’s time to go back to my last gen. I love seeing and sharing pictures with extended family. However this thing is ALWAYS facing the wall, every time I look at it. I don’t understand.	1	June 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Nope. Dumbest piece of hardware ever	1	May 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I bought this to be able to stream tv in our kitchen. However echo show currently do not support the xfinity stream app.	1	February 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	If we ask the echo to play one song it plays something totally different- we can't even use it	1	February 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	I'm still trying to figure this out but so far not worth it to me.  The speakers aren't really much better.  I can't use it for zoom exercise classes (just assumed it would work).  I really wanted to use it for viewing recipes but seems you can only view them from one spot where amazon lets you go.  Bad purchase on my part.  Considering returning.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wanted it to be like small kitchen way to watch hulu.  1/2 the time Alexa got it and it worked and half the time it was so frustrating I could scream.	1	December 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	only able to use apps already install and ring.com doesnt work properly with it.	2	May 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa 10 show is repeating commands and then doing nothing	2	July 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Takes up space	1	May 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	A smart display which can watch videos, sees photos and listen to the music you like. It can also be part of your home security members as a surveillance camera. You may hard to ask more from it.2022/1/4 update: It can not play songs from Spotify now, does anyone know how to solve this issue?	1	July 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	"We had the previous generation Echo Show which was much better. On this generation there is a screen lag that causes it to appear distorted sometimes. Alexa will sometimes just start playing music or answering a question without prompting. And most questions are met with the response, ""Sorry I don't know that one.""I should have kept the older model"	1	June 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bluetooth conectiom sucks Im tinking about to return it I cant connect any bluetooth with this . it was the reason to buy it. I still has to use my old speacker to listen the tv 😒 dont buy this crap.	1	November 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	"-There is a no way you can ""Exclusively"" use it as a Photo Album without the clock, weather, Alexa tips,... On the home Screen. This was the main reason that I bought the device.-Really a poor UI interface both the on device and Alexa App-Good Quality Build"	1	August 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Stopped working just short of a year. No way to get customer service. What terrible service!!	1	March 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	This ships with a white power cord if you buy the black one.  Why?  Who knows, but it is a terrible decision and forces you to buy a separate power adapter that is black for it to not look ridiculous.	1	October 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	Have problems with the unit. Cannot receive incoming calls. Only can make outgoing calls	2	April 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very dissatisfied and disappointed with this new Alexa, it doesn’t work most of the time.	1	March 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	Already stopped using it. There are several things like Alexa of the Day that you can't stop from being shown on your screen. I paid for this!  It was not free!!  Can't believe buyers are not 100% in control. Now using Google and so far I'm in control. You don't own me Amazon!!	1	July 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	No estoy muy satisfecho.Es lenta y no es es compatibles con algunos ring o blink	1	February 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	Couldn't get screen picture bright enough.  Picture had a yellow/red tint and whites were dark.  Motion detection must not use infra red technology to track because I kept getting error message that it could not track because too dark (room).  Previous echo much better with sharper picture and true color.  Had same problem of darkness/color when accessing Ring cameras.  Returned unit immediately.	1	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is very glitchy and does not listen all the time, also plays wrong radio stations	2	March 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Constantly NAGS YOU with a screen called “Alexa for your day “ every third photo on the screen you get nagged with Alexa for your day screen. It completely kills the user experience there is no way to disable it . Be warned Amazon does not give you control over what you see on the device even after turning off rotate continuously. Horrible experience	1	April 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	It can’t hear you, freezes all the time	1	April 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	The unit works horribly, I have another 3 Alexas, this is by fat the worst, video calls are impossible to make, voice recognition is a disaster, moving screen is useless. Audio quality is mediocre at best..  Impossible to configure as there are no specific instructions to this model A complete disappointment. Not ready for sale.	1	June 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	First of all the interface remains extremely slow.  Second do not purchase this if you think your going to be able to run apps like you would on the fire tablet.  Video options are very limited as well as the user experience.  Overall so disappointed.	1	July 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	The idea is great but Amazon doesn't deliver with the show.  I'm actually surprised that Amazon would release something so shabby.  Plenty of better more affordable options.	1	December 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	Just didn't like	1	April 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Alexa does not give the right answers..this is the worse one yet...I hate returning things but this is terrible	1	February 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	it wasnt anything like i thought it would be for you to do anything you have to pay for all these different programs	1	January 20, 2022	0
echo show 10	The system does not always move to my direction, which impedes her performance.	2	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Could not get it to hook up with my other echos	2	May 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I hate this item. I keep repeating myself over and over to stop an alarm/timer, or to let me tell me the time. The blue light stays blue and the alarm won't go off 95/100 I have it disconnected now. What a waste of money.	1	August 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Motion feature is terrible. The preferences don’t work. It either followed us all the time or not at all. Tried to set it to video and calls only and it didn’t follow us at all. Then switched back to fully on and it didn’t follow at all. Finally had to unplug it and then it did the same exact thing. Waste of money.	1	March 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	This echo never can recognize voices or their prompts. With the motion enabled it's even worse. It cancels out or get the wrong prompt. 1 out of 10 voice prompts are correctly recognized. Thee worst do not waste your money	1	October 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very disappointed. Slow. Very slow. Not reacting unless i scream on it. Doesn't function well.	2	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Was very excited with how big the screen and speaker is. Unfortunately it likes to do its own thing and Alexa works poorly compared to my echo show 5. Surprised I haven't chucked it across the room yet!	1	October 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wanted to be able to drop in on my disabled family member, can’t use it	1	February 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Slow and not responsive enough good build and concept tho	2	May 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don’t feel it’s worth the money, and the screen  motion isn’t accurate	2	March 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not worth the price for what U get, disappointed with the voice commands, have to constantly have to repeat voice commands, sometimes have to unplug & reset the device. The rotate device on the screen is NOT exact.  The streaming of movies from prime is very good, like that very much, thank twice before U buy.	1	April 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition is horrible.Google is by far more superior . My mother who has an accent can barely use Alexa .  However google recognizes her much easier and is on point with what she is looking forAmazing has a ways to go	1	July 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Terrible UX and UI design. Everything else is great. Want to be able to browse content, the web or better application support.	1	January 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	Somehow the software continues to get worse with each passing year, not better.	2	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product is a letdown from the Second Generation. The audio is not as good, bass is worse, Alexa response is super slow, laggy, and glitchy, and it does rotate the correct way/ go to its idle position when it’s not in use. I’m extremely disappointed and think the second one is way better.	1	April 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	This thing is worse than the one we had before.  It doesn't respond. We have to constantly restart it. It goes to a channel and then doesn't play.  Much like our last echo It is a piece of junk and I should have known better.  Don't waste you money	1	May 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	A white cord for a black Echo, are you flipping kidding me.	2	April 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	No instructions	2	August 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Junk! If you have time to wait for applications.....which are few....to load then maybe this is for you. Shows I have 200mbs but takes several seconds to load. Screen touch is hit or miss. Programs suddenly stop and close. Ordered dark charcoal and came with white power cord with huge power block. Sending back first thing in the morning.	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Pretty disappointed in it. It seems to take more time trying to center than it does to answer a simple question. It never centers correctly probably because the camera is on the right side and not the center. I'll most likely send it back.	1	July 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was excited about this show for the movement but have found that with a tv in the room the screen will point towards tv, also my echo show generation 1 shows my ring camera correctly, the show 10 trys and then says something went wrong, thinking about returning it	1	May 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very disappointed the power cord does not match in color of the device.	2	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am updating my review. If you are buying this to watch Hulu…Don’t! It may work at the beginning but then stop. I have seen several complaints regarding this issue going on for a very long time and it is yet to be resolved. This is a waste of money and not worth the cost at all!	1	April 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not what I thought very difficult to set up!	2	May 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	Google new assistant sound way better and 3x cheaper.Alexa is still super limited. I'm having problems with the camera.I mostly bought this for the camera, but it has a very light problem, it can't see anything in a low light environment.Furthermore, I still have to use my next cameras.	1	April 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Less than ideal. The follow feature which is really the thing this has going for it is clunky and does not always work. Also, it does not make sense that you can’t watch YouTubeTV or Disney+ on this. Obviously it has the capabilities to do that. Amazon has just decided they do not want it to be a feature.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	No video news, CNN, msnbc	2	July 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	Slow to respond.  Off center camera does not follow accurately.  Seems slow to respond to commands compared to other earlier versions. Keeps telling me issue with Hulu (app) wont load and I have done a factory reset.. Hassle and needs WAY more work.Beautiful design but needs work!	1	April 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very disappointed. Won’t listen to voice commands. Will freeze up. The screen will go crazy for awhile , so you need to reprogram it. Also would start up all on its own . Will not purchase again until the bugs are worked out	1	June 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	WARNING!!! Don’t waste your money listen to the reviews of the people who is warning you of the bugs. If you choose to use this is as a security camera don’t do it !!! Read carefully the description under guard your home while away.. NOT AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME what a joke..	1	March 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	I hate the fact we spent 200.00$ to just get a little bit bigger screen and it needs night vision with out the you cant see on drop in or video chat! They will add later so we then need equipment ! Smh ….	1	May 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition doesnt get stop music have to stop on screen, motion follows 30 degrees off, touch screen terrible,  calendar is the  worst. Why cant i just bring up the calendar and type stuff in.	1	September 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Did not perform Earth Cam or video trailers correctly	1	February 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	Waste of money	2	July 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	It does not play continuous music. It stops after a few songs. Very annoying. Echo 8 was much better.	1	January 12, 2022	0
echo show 10	Does not work with my other echo Amazon devices.  It also doesn’t track very well. Nor do I know how to, or can figure out how to get some little things to work on it. It is a very frustrating piece of garbage. No help whatsoever.	1	April 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Intermittent response not response very low sensitivity	2	May 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Just don’t waste your time or money.  Echo devices are horrible.  I keep hoping they will work but they do t even work with Amazon Music	1	December 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not gonna lie I was really excited to get this product this is my first time using a echo show from Amazon and I was very disappointed as I stop working within a few hours when I got it in fact I return it the same day..........	1	April 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	device will overheat and once it does may not come back on. My home temp is around 68-70 degrees daily so no reason to get hot. absolutely disappointed in how much it cost and how quickly it went out.	1	August 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This device is constantly pushing Covid-19 stories down my throat. I keep telling it I'm not interested, but it's virtually all it shows on the home screen. It's also leaps and bounds behind Hey Google on it's answers.	1	July 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Seems to have a focusing issue. Have to wipe my finger in front of it to get it to refocus. Doesn't work for home monitoring or drop in since someone manually has to get the camera to refocus.	1	July 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not a well tested product, I got it delivered today. Screen turns black for most of the questions, no search space for prime video, screen randomly rotates 360 degree (it missed eyes and starts following arms). I can say this product has not been tested well, going to return this,	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s ok. I have different expectationsIt’s really glitchy	2	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen does not follow you unless you have the camera on and uncovered.  I keep all cameras covered all the time.  So this is really no better than the prior model if you can't use the motion gadget.	1	July 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Returned bc poor quality device reception  ..picture freezes on phone calls bad sound Amazon wanted to replace new purchase with a refurbished device this is not an acceptable practice.My first generation show works better then the show 10 I received.	1	June 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is probably Tha Amazon purchase I'm least happy about. It turns for no reason, doesn't hear me more than half the time.responds to dog barks very wellSound isn't that great. Not much features from the second Gen show. Buy it and throw it in the trash	1	March 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Great looking device, good screen quality, but When given commands, most of the time does not respond"	2	April 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Esta enorme muy estorbosa	2	June 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	This product advertises that you can use it with hulu and Netflix. But as third party apps, they only let you want for 5 minutes before it boots you to the Home Screen. Misleading to suggest you support these services if it only works for 5 minutes at a time.	1	March 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	This device is designed for streaming, but only supports Amazon video and Netflix. No YouTube app, no Zoom, no apps can be installed which make it useless. Just an overpriced limited device.So sad it could be better!	1	June 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Everything is great the biggest and most worst disappointment  was their music interface why dont they just add the Amazon app it only shows recent álbums and tracks played that was basically all I wanted and thought it would be capable of doing sorry amaxon figure it out.	1	March 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	We were excited to get our Echo Show 10 after a very long wait only to be disappointed that the all black model comes with a white power source cord, making it look second-hand, and stick out like a sore thumb on my kitchen counter. Baaaaaad design flaw in our opinion.	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	Don’t work	2	July 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	Can't get it to talk to us.	1	February 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	It doesn’t work. At all, Hulu is broken, voice recognition is broken (not just for me), and it simply doesn’t work. Never buying Amazon branded tech products again, they are absolute garbage.	1	September 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	This thing is God awful!!! I wish to God I could return it. It doesn't work, she can't follow you no matter how many times you recalibrate it. She can't answer questions, she's just dumb. Don't waste your money buy Google nest	1	May 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	It cannot be seen through the camera, it takes a long time to connect with another echo, sometimes the camera freezes, among many other things.	1	December 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Crap! My home runs on old device. Got this new 1 and was super excited. After 1 week it's junk. It will not load my contacts. So I can it video call anyone. I gave tried everything. Nothing. I really hate it. Sending it back.	1	March 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa in general has gone down hill.  With all the AI out there and with the amount of money Amazon has you would think that it would have better AI.  We have switch all of our echo / Alexa devices to google.	1	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Constant glitching, my echo recognizes my voice 10 times better. Amazon needs to provide me with a 75 to 95% refund till they update this item	1	November 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	Amazing	1	March 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	Instructions are complicated. Device plays music over other functions. Just can't seem to make it function as advertised so it sits in a corner waiting for my grandson to visit and help.	1	September 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not work as good as I thought it would. Disappointing!	1	January 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	Wouldn’t but this for $13I only put a negative review because the glowingly positive review I posted was rejected for some reason.	1	December 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Did not recognize me voice	1	February 21, 2022	0
echo show 10	What everyone else said. Wait for the kinks to be corrected. I got my first one on Thursday and my second one today. Neither would launch hulu or food network. Also prime video shut down twice while trying to watch. Returned them bith just now	1	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	This show sucks! It freezes constantly and never hears when I call Alexa it does not follow you like it should very disappointed since I received this for a Xmas present but had to wait until February to get it	1	May 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	The unit turns funky.	2	April 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	No me agrado	1	February 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	Plugged in as seen in picture. Doesn’t respond all the time. Times out on the display. Doesn’t play music all the time. Too many issues. Don’t buy.  -Chris K.	1	August 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wasn't impressed	2	May 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Was not happy I returned it after a few weeks. I called several times because several functions were not working or the  screen was always blank.  Maybe after a year when they redo the software.	1	May 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sometimes has glitches and does not hear, the older versions are more accurate and faster	1	December 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was excited for this new iteration of Alexa but it will not respond when music or movies are playing at close to a 65% of volume. Not even by screaming ALEXA. Have to literally unplug it to make it stop. Really ANNOYING. Bad.	1	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	“Sorry something went wrong” is the response Alexa gives anytime I try to play something on Hulu or Netflix. I’ve tried restarting, resetting, unplugging all to no avail.	1	September 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	Terrible lots of bugs	2	April 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa! Open HBO max. “Sorry I can’t do that” Alexa OPEN HBO MAX. “Playing Amazon music”….	1	December 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	The motion does not work.  I spoke with a rep who says I must have a credit card on file to replace it.  Very unhappy with this product and would not recommend it to anyone.Dissatisfied Prime Customer.	1	April 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	I love Echo's but not this one. Not worth the money to many problem to be worked out. The screen goes completely black when it gets dark in the room. Once the problems are worked out I might buy it again.	1	April 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wait until they get the bugs out. This thing doesn’t work. It does not respond to my voice at all. I had to reset it several times to even get it on my WiFi. Not worth the cost. Very frustrating.	1	March 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Continued issues with slow responsiveness, poor voice recognition. This is neither a good tablet nor a good echo device. Very very buggy	1	November 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa very rarely will answer our requests for questions and music requests!! Prior version same thing. Very disappointing	1	December 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Complete junk. Doesn’t hear me half the time….now it won’t even work on 5G…so no video. Silk is the only browser now and it is AWFULPASS ON THIS TRASH	1	July 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	the sound is muted and horrible I listen to my music and it is very low quality and it is charcoal colored and the cord was white odd combination don't you think	1	July 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	We purchased the Echo Show 10 and keep having issues with it turning.  It likes to turn itself and face the wall.  We have tried everything.  I am hoping Alexa will do some updates to fix this issue.	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not worth the money	2	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not good for the price!!!	2	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Google nest is better	2	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Some functions don’t work	2	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	I hate the poor integration with the arch enemies (Google Home), the user interface not providing an EASY ability to customization and apps to be integrated	1	September 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Thing reboots. Does not really find you. Apps are not recognized. Just ahead of it’s time. Beta.Save your money	1	November 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	I'm a huge echo fan but this one doesn't listen/hear very well and rarely moves like she's supposed to. Very disappointing considering it was so expensive and is nice looking on the countertop.	1	May 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had problems with wifi disconnecting every day or so. Tried different things. Had to return.	1	December 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sound awesome when it doesn't cut out and and just plays a static sound ... pretty terrible compared to my $50 echo 5 that works perfect ... disappointing.	1	September 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	I really wanted to like this... set up was extremely confusing, Apple Music is virtually impossible to use, camera quality is kinda crappy, and overall is just kind of useless.. especially considering it’s not a portable chargeable device. 100% returning.	1	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	I have had this since release and my echo dot in another area of the house hears me and answers while this one just sits there.	1	September 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	This screen appears every third or fourth picture rotation without the ability to turn off.  I am returning our two Echo Show 10 units and might repurchase when this is fixed.  Till then... not recommended.	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It is hard to figure out give more information in direction"	2	March 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	After a month it stopped responding to your voice and stopped rotating. Not worth your money all it can be used for is bluetooth. Amazon won't replace it.	1	August 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen display isn’t working and it is delayed.	1	January 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	save your money my sound bar responds better to my command then this rock sitting on my night stand	1	November 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not listen have to constantly repeat yourself, mic placement was poor. Old gen works better. Big Bucks for a POS. think twice before you Buy!!	1	September 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Voice recognition is horrible. Thought would be more tablet based to control more by touch. Processes are very slow	1	November 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Junk. Unreliable. Photos tell the truth. Do Not Disturb is scheduled and active. However, the Echo Show continues to blaze brightly. Only option is to unplug the unreliable device.	1	June 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	The device does a very poor job of following me about.  The speakers are good but entire premis leaves much to be desired.  Sorry I bought it	1	June 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Bought a new one didn’t work they send me a replacement look like to use one that doesn’t work right and charge me double	1	August 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	I’m not sure if it’s that we don’t know how to use this properly, or it’s defected. We are having a lot of trouble with it. It does not do most things it’s supposed to do.	1	March 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	"A firmware or server blunder forces a self-fellating ""Alexa For Your Day"" screen to incessantly appear - and there is no means of shutting it off.  Stay away until this is fixed."	1	April 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Have to say Alexa three times when standing right next to it to get it to wake up.	1	November 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	No type of video calls. Skype and Zoom to hard to setup and still don't work. Even amazon techs don't know how to make things work. Great concept but hasn't caught up with todays technology.	1	March 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Call Amazon to help me set it up. Could not help me. They said they would get back with me. And no one return the call or help me	1	June 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t integrate with other streaming apps that are available. I end up using my iPad most of the time and it’s just an expensive photo frame on the countertop now. Wouldn’t recommend.	1	May 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Poor compared to show 8 it replaced im probably sending back and returning show 8 to operation	1	November 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	not good	1	January 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	Sent 2 defective units, I give up	1	December 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was expecting a much better user interface that offered new innovation and value.Instructions were almost non existent; I have lots of devices on my network but Alexa couldn’t find any of them	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Needs alot of work	1	January 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	I did not like that I cannot add APPS to this device.	1	December 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	The media could not be loaded.	2	August 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	No es de lo mejor pero cumple mas o menos su función	1	November 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sending back our second echo show 10-3rd gen. It will not stay connected to the internet. We have done ALL the trouble shooting possible. I’m so over this machine.	1	April 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Definitely lost my time	1	December 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	Poor quality!	1	December 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Been dealing with technical support for five months with this Thing I’m over it. Wait till the next generation	1	September 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	This did not have the drop in function, I contacted Amazon many times and no one was able to help me. That was the only reason why I got this. False advertisement!	1	March 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	It came and didn't turn on	1	December 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	The speaker is not as good as previous models, the motion preferences don’t work, smart skills have actually gotten worse and now it’s nothing more than an overpriced Bluetooth speaker	1	April 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's awful. Screen quality is awful. Speakers are dull to say the best. Software works half the time . Other half the time it stays frozen up. Not worth 249	1	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Had to return item as during set up it kept trying to  not set motion restriction to 360 degrees. Still waiting for refund after 8 days	1	April 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	smh	1	December 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Do not buy! It won’t let you touch the screen to do anything. I have no idea how this even got to market. So frustrating!	1	May 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	It can do&be Better	1	December 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Disappointed. Doesnt respond well	1	December 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not ready yet. Very glitchy, has a hard time with things the Show 8 does flawlessly. Some cool ideas, needs some work. I will wait for the next version.	1	March 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Over priced and a terrible screen.  Faded and weak display.  Echo show 8 had a much better picture	1	July 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	Product is dirty. Screen dirty, speaker has dust caked on it. Obviously not new	1	September 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	Muy lento	1	December 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	All we want it to do is show the time and respond to requests and it does neither…	1	August 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Dislike, not useful at all	1	November 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Zigbee no funciona bien. De todas maneras tuve que comprar un hub zigbee	1	October 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	I've never had so many problems with a new product before. I have to reboot this unit at least 3 times a week because it stalls all the time.	1	March 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Had to return product as I could not add music service I have (Spotify).  Echo customer service was vague as to add other sources except their products	1	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	NO tiene app como youtube, ni facebook entre otras.  Es limitado	1	October 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	we can't get alexa to play music at all	1	October 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Echo Show had a technical help number come up on the screen that was not Amazon . It was a Hacker!	1	April 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	A glorified clock with weather and you can watch Amazon prime on.	1	August 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	When have had alot of trouble with Echo recognizing voice commands	1	October 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not impressed at all. Just buy the one that doesn’t rotate or an 8. I will be sending mine back.  Not worth the extra money	1	February 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Me encanta puedo escuchar la música que deseo con solo hablarle, y automatice todo  mi cuarto	1	June 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Can’t get it to work to say.	1	October 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Will not connect to my cameras (the main reason I got it) lots of glitches.	1	July 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	returned	1	December 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not compatible with most security cameras, returned	1	November 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	Drop in never works, rarely does what I ask.	1	October 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	It wasn't good for my needs, but the screen quality was amazing and if you do alot of video calling this is for you!	1	March 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	So far it does not stay connected to the internet and I have a lot of issues getting it to work properly.	1	April 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	I thought I would be able to FaceTime with this but apparently not.  Couldn’t find anything in the instructions about it.	1	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	Ended up returning this as it failed to recognize voice pretty regularly.	1	September 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sub optimal microphone array causes many failed command attempts that did not occur with the 2nd gen model	1	June 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	she's a bit deaf, slow to respond....	1	October 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	need I say more; its A SHAM JUNK!	1	October 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not function as described	1	November 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	The device is awesome but I would like to use the youtube app native	1	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	The motion is awful she never understands what I say	1	August 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Returned it.  Glitchy... sound was awful and it was unresponsive.  The 8 is infinitely better all around.	1	May 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Still not working. Will not connect to internet though its older brother does.	1	July 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen quality is was fine. The volume when playing music isn't great.	1	June 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	She knows nothing you ask her! Very disappointing	1	August 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	GARBAGE & about to return my second one! I can't believe how buggy and horrible this device is.	1	May 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Her tracking is terrible, she doesn't follow instructions.  Should have bought a portal.  Alexa is not worth the money.	1	March 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	Poor voice commands and customer support .. I expected Amazon to handles technical issues better than this.	1	May 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	It does not listen very well we upgraded and it is worse	1	June 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Still has a way to go, so good for what it is worth	1	June 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen would go black and you had to unplug it. Not worth the money!	1	May 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	It does not have user friendly instructionsVery disappointed	1	July 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	It’s dose not turn smoothly. Dose not hear my vice good have to repeat myself a lot.	1	March 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not worth the cost	1	September 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Does not follow prompts at times and does not rotate at times also.	1	May 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	Nothing exciting you need here	1	September 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not happy	1	September 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa has many issues..  it freezes and doesn't respond....do not buy....	1	May 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not worth the money. It’s very laggy too!	1	July 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	Cannot get it set up. No matter what I do. I need some HELP!	1	April 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	The motion feature sucks ass	1	August 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	It stands a ways away from the wall a feels like it is aimed down	1	March 3, 2021	0
echo show 10	It just wasn’t for me	1	July 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	non intuitive.  a tablet works a million times better	1	April 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wish I hadn’t bought it, but will keep it. Big advertising machine for amazon	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	I can’t get it to do anything I want it to do	1	April 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Great for flash briefing	1	July 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Alexa keeps loosing the ability to wake on voice command	1	April 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Very disappointed. Do not recommend. 2nd generation is far better.	1	March 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t have critical apps such as YouTube or Zoom	1	April 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	amazon not reliable	1	July 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Don’t see the the functionality of it for the price	1	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	Will be returning and using my old echo show	1	March 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	Would not rotate.	1	June 18, 2021	0
echo show 10	A few things share the name (feel the blank)	1	March 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Sucks. Not as advertised. Do not buy	1	April 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 pissed off"	1	September 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	DOES NOT DO WHAT I WANTED .	1	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	No sirve para firetv	1	April 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	Just received, so cannot review; however, anticipating great results.	1	March 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	Cable to shortNot what I expected	1	March 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not as advertisedTo many issues	1	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	So we bought this for use in the kitchen to display recipes and more. The only app that is compatible is allrecipes which I barely use since I find better recipes on other websites. Right now it’s just a glorified digital picture display and speaker that my cat likes to turn on in the mornings. Maybe ditching this for a google nest hub since that seems to allow more personalization.	3	July 27, 2022	1
echo show 10	It does not do FaceTime!!	1	March 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t support zoom	1	March 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	Needs to Bluetooth to TV  while using echo show camera	3	July 5, 2022	1
echo show 10	I just bricked this… I just got the Echo 15 which is great.This model has a very tough time waking and hearing commands and the following is wonky and the unit doesn’t reset to center when not in use.I tried to trade this in and was unable to.	2	October 23, 2022	0
echo show 10	This Alexa does not understand the English language.  It sits like an idiot unresponsive to any voice commands.  Buy a cheaper one as they work much much better.  Do not waste your money.	1	November 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	I previously used these for listening to Amazon music. Now it’s a mess. Can’t listen to a song that you want. Shuffles them.  Switching to Google which at least integrates better with YouTube.	1	November 5, 2022	0
echo show 10	all alexa devices get 1 star until they get new developers that dont want to make their customers crave to smash these devices into itsy bitsy piecesalexa has become that SUPER annoying child always asking are we there yet? or mimiicing what you sayITS CRIMINAL what the devs do with this thingask her something, and she most always comes back oh by the way did you know ..blah blah blahWHO GIVES A RATS A....  or  some other nonsense she chimes in with.  hey I can do this for you or would you ....NO. NO. NO. SHUT THE >>>> UPYou cant contact amazon really to complain about this stuff, they just make you suck it up.  so you are left with these reviewsSTOP ANNOYING US . JUST ANSWER THE QUESTION AND SHUT UPsame with the screenyou can select what yuo want displayed and what you dontat least for a little bit. every time theres an over the air update, or maybe the devs just sit in the background tossing their salad and push a button to screw with people....but every here and there those settings all change.  and stuff you had turned off is now turned back onso you have to go around to all your devices, and PUT IT ALL BACK THE WAY IT WASthe devs are either complete and utter morons,  or they get off on screwing with peopleeither way,  if I had it to do over again, id go with the google system.  alexa is to much of a bratty annoying piece of junk and the devs get off on it I guess.	1	October 26, 2022	0
echo show 10	Screen is not responsive. Slow up respond.	2	September 3, 2022	0
echo show 10	It took a long time for the software update, over an hour, in fact it kept failing.  Finally when it updated, it would not respond when I spoke to it.  Stupid to have these issues for being so expensive!	1	September 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	It stopped rotating from my phone after having it for 2 weeks. Had to send it back to get fixed/replaced.	3	March 17, 2022	1
echo show 10	"After every freaking command it asks ""by the way, did you know..""  and guess what, no way to turn it off.  I gave mine away a while back.  Go Nest Home if you wish for something not so bothersome and just does as directed."	1	September 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have three Different models of Alexa in my home I love them but this model right here is so frustrating, it never ever works properly. I’m ready to throw it in the trash.	1	August 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	Blink camera is the worst to pair with this.half the time will not connect even after trying 2different cameras.if it does connect you have to renew every 10 seconds.makes a great 249 buck paper weight	1	August 28, 2022	0
echo show 10	This is by far been the most disappointing purchases I’ve made.Long time alexa fan and own over 5 different devices across the home. If you’re looking to automate your home and/or have a multi room sound system, I HIGHLY recommend that you DONT choose alexa.Unfortunately, this has been a rare product that gets worse with time - strictly talking software and functionality not hardware.Owning echos for about 3 years now, the first year was great and since then the software, app, connectivity between Alexa’s and functionalities have géstela deteriorated.I’ve tried everything to reset, update, to no avail. Software is just not Amazons strong suit and it clearly shows. I’ve spent hours with customer service agents trying to help and it boils down to they don’t know how to “fix it” or will pass it on to developers. Aka, yeah sucks it happened but thanks for buying though! Now, I will say they’ve been kind and tried to help but it’s just a poor quality product.From constant music issues, to alexa devices turning on and off on its own, regression in functionalities, I regret having dove in deep to the alexa ecosystem.For my offices I’ve since switched to other home devices as tests and so far so good. It’s safe to say I will be switching over to a different home automation system	1	August 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have used Echo Dot, Echo Show 5, Echo Show 8 and wanted to upgrade.This was the most disappointing upgrades for any product, I have bought.Not only is the design awkward and huge to be placed anywhere, it is as heavy as a boulder.For that weight hand size you could get a very high quality set of home theater system speakers to fill the entire room.The fact that the selling point is it turns around everywhere you go, is just a joke.I work on AI systems and face detection and AI to augment face tracking has a come a long way, surprised that this company is so far behind and ripping off customers at such poor quality tracking AND charging so high for it.While you may think the longevity of things, especially electronics would be pretty high, given there are moving pets in this makes it’s life much shorter. That is a huge design flaw that can be easily corrected.They claim that this can be used for monitoring the room, well you can audibly hear noises in the room, but forget about having a video monitoring as it never gets close to giving the ability of an all round view, which is probably why they in hindsight created the flying version- which never went off!!Overall an unwise investment, I’d you are looking for an upgrade.I don’t know if this review will show up, but if they want to take it as a feedback to improve, they and you will be reading this and sending in your improvement ideas too.	1	July 31, 2022	0
echo show 10	Roomie got this 'thing' from a friend as a gift. Not sure why, long standing. As special bulbs had to be 'ordered' just to make it work. Well, that was the easy part.... talk about a huge waste of energy, and time. It doesn't respond half the time to voice commands. Which is more than beyond irritating. .. Don't blame it on poor wiring.  It's technology with too many bugs to bother with.  Be glad when I move out... and use real light switches again.	1	August 4, 2022	0
echo show 10	Does not recognize speech!  All our other devices work fine with speech, but this one gets it wrong 75% of the time. Very frustrating!	1	July 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	"What I like is the sound quality for a 10"" device. True, it is no Bose product, but it still sounds fairly good. Alexa can be a little ""Wonky"" sometimes on commands . It comes preloaded with Amazon Prime Video,but, I was glad to see that they eventually added Netflix to Video Home as well as You Tube and Bing. But, really, ""Red Bull TV""  and Tic Toc web (?)Personally, I think other apps like Disney+ (for the kids) or Pluto TV (for some of the classics,etc. Prime does not offer) would be far better choices.Also,  video apps like Paramount+ or HBOMax would really improve the versatility of the Echo show 10"" (which I hear the 3rd generation version has the same limited abilities as this 2nd generation one).The Echo Show 10"" needs to be more versatile like the Fire Stick especially considering the fact that it costs 3 to 5 times more than the Fire Stick , yet you get more bang for the buck from the Fire Stick.Supposedly, you can Video chat on the Show [unlike the Fire Stick] but I have yet to figure out the conditions on which you do so...More than likely, considering it's limitations, I am sure you can only video with someone else who has an Echo show 10""!If so, then maybe adding video-capable apps like Google Duo or FaceTime would really make the device impressive!In all, for the price, it has more shortcomings than pluses. Yet, Amazon CAN do better! In the  past several years that I have had the 2nd Gen Echo Show 10"" they have added about about 4 Video apps so the ability is there. But, until Amazon adds more to the Video app roster and for video chatting, I would say wait for something better!"	3	December 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Everything about it is fine except it doesn't pick up our voices. It's super annoying that we have to unplug it to get it to stop playing and usually when I try to make an announcement or doesn't work.	3	January 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	Still having the same problem and the screen is moving out if wack and I’m tired of contacting customer service and they don’t know what to do. We waited so long to replace the last one. My wife loves it but we keep getting a factory defect! We just want a working one no refund just one that works properly PLEASE! We have the warranty	3	December 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	If you want something that’ll last, don’t buy this. My Echo Show is 2 years old. All it’s good for is flashing news, recipes, and pictures on the screen. We can no longer use it to drop in on family that we bought a device for. It’s extremely slow to react and it will play music or sounds randomly when there’s no talking even going on what-so-ever. I have called support more than once. I’ve reset it a few times. It’s useless.	2	April 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	I typically don’t write reviews, but after spending $500 on buying two of these, I figured I should give my two cents. I bought these hoping that I would be able to be more efficient and use Alexa to add stuff to my schedule, use Alexa to look up stuff on the Internet for me, and do other voice control features that would bring convenience into my life. However, all I got was Alexa was terrible voice recognition, Limited stuff that I can do, and nothing but disappointment with this. I have already switched to Google and love the voice recognition, I love options of what I can do with Google, and the fact that Google understands me. On another note, Alexa barely has apps that you could even install that make it worth it. You literally have to watch YouTube through a web browser. To anybody who’s looking at buying this. I do not believe those 27,000 reviews, this is a terrible product with terrible implementation and I wish I can get my money back 😩	1	May 2, 2022	0
echo show 10	they gave me the echo show 10 3rd generation and provided a 15 watt power adapter which is not working with my echo show untill now my echo show i cant open and see how its works.itsvery bad cos i cant power up it and i orderd agin the 30 watt power adapter for my echo show.	1	May 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	The picture on this thing is awesome but she's a little bit laggy at times. I thought it was cool that the screen moved with you but it's proven to be more of a hassle than anything which resulted in me turning that feature off. Definitely needs some refinement on the software but overall we are happy to have it	3	November 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	Has many glitches...one of them being the picture slide show...it goes away after a day or so and only shows a bluish grey screen with a white clock in the lower corner...Only fix is to unplug and power it down and plug back in...I tried calling tech support and they admitted it has a problem with this...also the camera follow will go crazy sometimes trying to follow you....Also the try this alexis ads are very annoying...all in all, I decided to send it back and wait for the Echo show 15 wall unit...	3	October 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I have an echo in every room. But the one in the kitchen is my best friend. So when I found out about this echo and its ability to ""follow"" me around the room, I was thrilled. Then I got it, and found out why apple tests so much more in the real world before releasing a new device.The thing that bugs me the most is the fact that the camera isn't centered. It's off to the right side of the echo. That doesn't seem like a big deal, but when the device is tracking you, it turns a little bit to the left, centering the camera. In essence, the echo is always turned a little bit away from you. The other thing I found out is that, it can't see the faces of tall people. I'm 6'1"". Unless I am at least eight feet from it, even if the screen is tilted all the way back, it doesn't see my head; therefore doesn't see my face; therefore doesn't follow me. My partner is 5'8"", so there is no happy medium by tilting the screen, either.The next thing that irritates me, it either always follows you (until it stops, seemingly randomly), or it never follows you. For example, I'm using it in the kitchen, I tell it to stop playing the music and walk into the dining room and it follows me there, but when I walk back into the kitchen, it doesn't recognize me until I say Alexa, hence, the screen is turned away from me when I enter the kitchen, making the convenient features (clock, photos scroll, weather details, etc.) useless.Lastly, and this is something I've noticed on all my echos, when I say, ""Alexa,"" the newer the device, the less likely it is the echo I want will respond. More than once, I've been in the kitchen three feet from this echo and said ""Alexa,"" and the echo in the living room, 20 feet and two walls away OR bathroom (also 20 feet and two walls away) will answer. Super frustrating.I love the convenience of my echos. However, I'll never pre-order another one.Work out the bugs first Amazon."	3	April 11, 2021	1
echo show 10	Mines stop talking and the motion didn't recognize when someone was walking past it most of the time. I was still going to keep it until the talking problem go worse.  I guess I'll just stick with 2nd gen echo show.	3	September 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	Can I use this as a surveillance camera	3	July 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	I had hoped that swiveling toward the voice would resolve the problems experienced with an 8” show. And it has not.  Voice recognition by the correct device continues to be an ongoing issue if you’re using this product family to provide a speaker and device in several rooms of an open floor plan.  Even changing the response words for those closest isn’t the answer. We have voice controlled lighting through our house and set alarms and timers often.  This is a critical need.If we had it to do over, we certainly would not repurchase this device.  It’s a shame I had great hopes this technology would have evolved over the past few years the truth is that if anything it seems to have gotten worse. Turn a nearby TV on and you practically have to yell to get it’s attention. Accuracy continues to be an ongoing issue and it seemingly has no ability to learn from frequently used commands making the same mistake over and over again.Update 1 month later and we’ve thrown in the towel and initiated a return.  The vexation of it wanting to turn on music instead of turning on the lights as requested made it seem like this was a device released before it was ready and no indication that the issues were known and would be addressed.	3	March 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Alexa is the worst piece of junk I have ever owned. Amazon needs to stop releasing new devices and actually FIX her. It's unreal, she still can't understand 50% of the things I tell her, I can't even put into words the amount of frustration this thing causes. I use it for many smart home functions and if anything she has made it a ""dumb"" home. When you walk into your house and have to tell her to turn on the light fifteen times it kind of defeats the purpose. She constantly is getting words wrong and can't perform the most simple smart home tasks. To be honest, I don't think I've ever hated a piece of tech so much. I think 90's cell phones with voice commands were better. FIX YOUR JUNK AMAZON. STOP PEDDLING YOUR CRAP THAT DOESNT WORK."	1	February 18, 2022	0
echo show 10	Settings on app don’t match what’s on the actual unit.  I have 200 pics uploaded it plays the same 12 or so over and over.  After 10 minutes of the same pics over and over a couple new ones appear… rinse and repeat.  My wife got this for me so that I could use it for the slideshow.. everything else would be an added bonus.  I really expected soooo much more from Amazon.	1	February 13, 2022	0
echo show 10	It worked great for 2 weeks then it stopped listening to voice commands I reseted it and that didn’t work so now I’m out almost 300.00 Dollars for something that only worked for 2 weeks	1	February 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Wow. A masterclass in utter brokenness. I don't think there was a single step during setup that actually worked as I expected.Some fun learnings after updating to the latest software and undergoing no less than a dozen factory resets:-you can't _video_ call to other alexa users, or receive audio/video calls from alexa devices on the same WiFi network (calls fail and the user is mysteriously ""busy""). Neat! I'd love to know why! How are people supposed to follow Amazon's own steps and test the device on their home network before shipping it if there is such a weird, unspoken limitation? Can you call yourself from the same alexa account? Sure! As long as the two devices are on a different WiFi or cellular network. And mysteriously you can make a phone call from the echo show to other devices on the same WiFi, just not video calls, and you can't receive either. That was fun to troubleshoot! Support had no clue. :)-Teens can't have an alexa account! What a sneaky, deliberate, surely bottom-line-motivated design choice to give the illusion of being able to share prime benefits while actually limiting benefits to only two people-Too many bugs during setup/usage too numerous to name (valid shipping addresses not accepted causing a setup loop! alexa talking over herself! a baffling process for getting amazon photos to show up that require very specific voice commands to acknowledge the existence of photos!)-not really a bug but like, maybe choose a less sinister, MRI-sounding surveillance scan noise while demonstrating the rotational range of the display and making me feel like the interior of my home is being digitally casedThis would be a cool thing if I could install my own software on it. The hardware folks should honestly be proud, it's a really cool piece of gear (the power cord could be like... 3 times the length, and why does the charcoal model have a stark white camera cover while the white model I actually wanted is impossible to get?)But I digress, none of that matters because I won't be keeping this around because:Amazon.Your SW and services are a joke. Somehow both calculatedly restrictive and evil, but also buggy and half-baked.This one is going back, and I think I've all around soured on Prime membership. Just a gross experience."	1	July 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	I pre ordered Echo Show 10 (3rd Gen)  HD smart display.  I was very excited with the features.  The echo show 10 was easy to set up. The motion takes a lot of space and sometimes follows the wrong person, The motion was so annoying I had to turn off the motion. I found that this unit is not as responsive with commands as my old echo show 8. The photo quality was not as crisp as my old echo show 8. I really wanted to like this larger Show 10 but I did not think it is ready for prime time and has lots of bugs. I finally decided to to return it. Back to the Echo Show 8 HD for me.	3	March 7, 2021	1
echo show 10	First off, white power cord with black unit. Never had that with a echo device, not sure what they were thinking there. The unit is suppose to follow you in room, but it looses track of you very easily. When i try to connect to echo very the camera setting in the alexa app, it says live view not available. I guess not all features are fully functional yet. Quite disappointed by this device considering I have 11 others in the house.	3	February 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I bought my Show 8 at Best Buy so I wouldn't have to wait. I am so thankful for BB's speedy returns so I didn't have to wait. I returned the Show the next day.The Show is basically an ad server with a screen and Echo attached. I love my Echo devices. Got 'em all over the place. I was in the consumer group that tried them before they went on sale to the public, and I use my original Alexa every day. So, I have a long association with Echos.The Shows are not like the other Echos.*Amazon managed to take a wonderful, helpful device and Frankenstein it into an intrusive, annoying monster. It can even turn itself to follow you around. **Next Amazon will mount it to a Rhoomba and create something truly terrifying - a Show that can follow you around  and tell you ""Try this! Buy that! I am Alexa, your helpful assistant. Hear and Obey. Ummm, I mean 'let me make some suggestions' "" I can even see the pretty but generic face they'd choose for Alexa glowing on the screen. A face somehow out of the 1950s, an atomic experiment gone horribly wrong.Amazon, you listening? I can tell you what I want. I want an Echo that behaves like an Echo. I don't want advice, suggestions or things to try unless I ask for them. I don't want anything scrolling across my screen. Nothing. Not even in Itty bitty print. I want a well behaved Echo that does what I ask without jumping through hoops. I want the Alexa app cleaned up. Put the things I need first up first. Put the ""Things To Try"" at the back. I am more interested in getting my Groups up and running than I am seeing ""Try saying 'Alexa, tell me a joke'"". I can think up my own things to ask. I'd bet everyone else can, too.Don't even think about a mobile Echo until you get everything fixed. Seriously. Don't do it.*I write reviews for my wife's amusement as well as being informative. If you were amused please hit Helpful. If you weren't hit Helpful anyway.**To the best of my knowledge Amazon is not planning a mobile Alexa device. It's just a matter of time. Whether it's an actual mobile device or a face following you from room to room on the screens we will all have everywhere, it will happen."	1	June 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	So excited to buy this… got it home after the hour drive from the store and it does not work right. It wouldn’t change the Home Screen from it’s default picture and the screen randomly goes black. The touch screen has serious lag time and you have to wait forever for something to load after a request. The Alexa camera is offset and does not follow you correctly if you are close to it. There was a point were it said it was not connected to the WiFi only to show it was connected in the settings.  Hours of messing with the settings and resetting the device for nothing. (All over our other devices, Alexa and non Alexa where connected to the WiFi with no problems.) Do not waste your time! Bought on a Saturday night and returning first thing in the morning. So disappointed. Amazon… this product sucks. I would pull it to make the corrections it needs.	1	December 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	I bought this for my parents for Christmas. I expected a higher quality device with more features. It is very slow and glitchy. The camera angle is off so when it follows you, it’s angled slightly away from you. Very little features that could take advantage of having a touch screen like interfaces for music apps. The sound quality sounds like a tin can and I paired it with the echo sub. I want to return it so bad but then I’d be leaving my parents without giving them a gift for Christmas. I should’ve purchased them an iPad and Sonos speakers. I’m hoping future software updates will make this device better.	1	December 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I use to love my show device.  But after the past year of the same AD over and over again I can't keep using this thing.  I have everything in ""things to try"" turned off.  I have only Show Weather enabled.  But the Coffee and RuPaul's Drag race ads are getting on my nerves.Do NOT buy unless you like seeing more ads thrown at you."	1	January 7, 2022	0
echo show 10	I have had this device for less than one year, and have been consistently having issues for months now. I’ve tried resetting the device multiple times with no luck, and zero support from Amazon, of course.	1	January 16, 2022	0
echo show 10	Good speaker but can't listen very well.	3	May 28, 2021	1
echo show 10	Terrible voice recognition. Amazon won’t honor warranty.	1	January 15, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Total crap. I have 10 echos and even install this product in customer homes.  After some update, Alexa doesn't listen to what I am trying to get it to do. I have smart devices throughout my home.  In my kitchen I have an outlet simply called kitchen.In the past, I would say turn on the kitchen or turn off the kitchen and it would work.  Now after some update they performed when I say turn on the kitchen,  she will respond "" Sorry what device"". If I repeat myself,  then it works.  If I say turn off the kitchen,  it works immediately.  This is happening on multiple customer accounts. When I try to contact support, all they do is waste my time trying to get me to perform the same troubleshooting steps that didn't work the first time. I am sick of Amazon making unwanted updates to my echo devices that screw up how everything is working. Amazon applies updates without your permission and eventually causes your smart devices not to function correctly with your voice.I am going to Google home"	1	November 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	Don’t buy until they fix Apple Music. Alexa devices use to work great with Apple Music but not they purposely screwed up the voice commands for Apple Music to try to trick ppl into buying Amazon music. I don’t like these tactics and I’ll do away with all your problems until this is fixed.	1	January 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	- It's takes way too much desk space.- Great Speakers.- The face tracking isn't great, because the camera is located to the right side of the screen, that caused the screen to move offset to the right a little bit.-The moving screen becomes annoying after a week of use.-The moving 360 camera is useful for home monitoring or baby cam.-Not enough screen titling angle-The top feels very cheap, with parting line from the mold	3	March 29, 2021	1
echo show 10	This device understands me about 10% of the time. Amazon has no active support numbers at easy disposal just forums. I'm sure they probably will delete this review to make the product look better. Invest your money is something better.	1	January 27, 2022	0
echo show 10	It's not bad. But, about 90% of my usage of Echo Show is on Youtube, and I really wish there was a Youtube app. Amazon - can you please work it out with google to get the app back?	3	April 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	From 2nd gen echo 10 to third not much in the way of change except for rotating base, Worth the upgrade?	3	March 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	Great functionality excluding clumsy movements. ,aesthetically lacking. It’s early yet.	3	February 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	This device is so awful. It hears inconsistently. At times you must yell for it to hear you just to awaken the Alexa from the next room over who does what this stupid thing is supposed to do. I got it so I could pull up my allrecipes which doesn’t work either. Wish I would have known it was like this I would have returned it.	1	November 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	No matter what you do you cannot disable Alexa for your day.  It will spam your device continuously.  I have disabled every single option, routine, home content, and it will keep spamming it.  I suggest looking this up and you will see widespread criticism about this as it renders the device nothing more than free advertising by Jeff Bezos for himself that YOU PAY FOR.	1	October 27, 2021	0
echo show 10	Was gonna purchase 5 for family gifts but not after hearing about this “Alexa for the day” crapThx anyways	1	December 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	definitely the worst in the lineup of Alexa products. I've owned every single echo show, Dot, puck, EVERY ONE.  This thing seriously needs a hearing aid. I would say 90% of the time I have to repeat myself. I usually end up asking the echo dot (that is located on the other side of the house, the same command for the sake of not repeating myself a third time.  I just don't understand how they can put out 7 different versions of the same concept but only get worse in the MOST IMPORTANT features, like listening for starters. I still have my first generation puck that has a beautiful sound and sometimes joking around, I'll give it a command from the other side of the house, and intentionally speak lower than usual just to see how good it can hear, and IT DOES HEAR ME.  This new version, the 10-3rd generation did not hit its mark at all. I'm so disappointed in the fact that if I wanted the discounted price, I had to return my echo show for the deal.  That thing worked better than this one!!!	2	April 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	The basic function is terrible. Give this to my parente, like many others have done on the form, so that I could make video calls.I  can barely hear them on my phone...they are able to hear me well but I have no way of understanding themAmazon needs to fix this before you can use this. Also this device is slow, in 1 year with updates, this surely will be a show brick!!	1	October 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	"This device is probably wonderful but the Prime Day ad is misleading and false advertising!  I had the $199.99 Prime Day bundle in my cart ready to purchase with the 25% Trade In that is advertised right below the price.  I filled out the Trade In pages but you have to ship them the devices you are trading in to get the 25% discount.  So I called customer service to find out how that going to work.  Do they refund that amount.  I was told that the discounted price was already enough of a discount and I could use the 25% on a FUTURE purchase after I spend $200 on this at that ""incredible"" price!  The thing that got me was that the customer service agent kept pushing me to agree with him.  I only wanted what the listing leads you to believe is the price.  I will continue to shop Amazon but the loyalty they have enjoyed in the past is damaged to say the least."	2	June 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Amazon has ruined the Show, constant ADDS popping up, showing Crap I don't want!!!!  Just by a DOT!!!!!!!!!!!NOT FOR MY DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!I HATE it. disable it. Features that you force on users are not good features. This “Alexa for your day” screen has totally ruined all 6 of the Shows we have in our house ( and the 2 we gave as gifts for other family members). We run continuous slideshows of our family pictures on the Shows, & what used to be a joy is now a very irritating experience, because of this obnoxious, unwanted screen that pops up after every 3 photos. I hate it so much I unplugged the kitchen Show & now use my iPad for my photo slideshow, & use Siri instead. If they don’t add a way to turn this screen off soon, we’ll be unplugging all of our Shows & buy more iPads.Edit: Alexa for Your Day is a new 'feature' on Echo Shows. It is an ugly screen with suggestions of what to ask Alexa for. It shows up constantly, and cannot be disabled. I spent time getting my Show set up to look the way I wanted, and now Amazon has added this trash screen and will not let me get rid of it.	1	April 15, 2021	0
echo show 10	No matter what I do, this thing will not connect or stay connected to the network. It constantly resets and won't log into my Amazon account half the time. The software also has major glitches and resizes the window or exits entirely when you are trying to type anything in. We have about 12 Alexa-enabled devices in our house including 2 older model shows, and this is by far the worst and most frustrating one we have ever purchased.	1	September 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Why is this device advertised as being an amazing device for the kitchen? It's awful unless you want to see random recipes that you don't even have the ingredients for. Why can't we access our own recipes using a decent Alexa skill? The recipe skills you have available are horrendous to put it nicely. Out of desperation I built my own website thinking I could post my recipes and access them via the Silk browser. I can pull them up just fine on the browser but no matter what I do it times out after 5 minutes. When I ask Alexa to open the SIlk browser back up it takes me to a different webpage. I have spent hours trying to find a work around but it appears that there isn't one. People have been complaining about this timeout problem for YEARS and Amazon DOES NOT LISTEN.. For all those people who are reading reviews to make a decision on whether to buy this device or not, listen carefully...AMAZON DOES NOT RESOLVE KNOWN ISSUES WITH THIS DEVICE. THEY DO NOT LISTEN TO THEIR CUSTOMERS. Don't buy this device thinking they will fix it soon because they will not. Just move on to a different device made by a company who cares about providing an exceptional product.	1	May 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	"I purchased an Echo Show to be my bedside clock.  You would think a device of this sophistication would have a pretty full-featured alarm clock.  It doesn't!Want to snooze your alarm?  Hope you like a 9-minute snooze because that is your only option.  Really?  The programmers couldn't make this an adjustable setting?  5-minute snooze?  NO!  You will get 9 minutes and you will like it!Okay, want to snooze repeatedly for an hour?  Nope.  You get one.  Doesn't matter if you say ""Alexa Snooze"" after your second alarm (9 minutes after your first) thats it.  The alarm shuts off.  This behaviour is so bizarre I had to lookup my voice history to ensure that I didn't, in a half awakened stupor, tell her to shut off the alarm.  Checking the history confirms that at 8:15 I said ""Alexa Snooze"" and 9 minutes later I said it again.  This is NO command to stop the alarm, and yet it was stopped.  She even responded ""Okay Snoozing"" and then turned off the alarm.This is a okay device unless you want to use it as a bedside alarm."	1	April 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	I don't care how good it is, it has a white power cord, this is not apple.  so i got over the white power cord.  because i used the one from my echo 8.  however I had to return because of the flimsy screen. even with motion off it teetered tottered everywhere, not just from the speakers like another reviewer noted, but just from walking by.  if you touched it to make a selection it moved a lot, but i could hold it with one hand while i touched it with the other for adjustments but it would still move again within a few minutes even when i didn't touch it.  there needs to be a way to lock it in place.  the sound was not an improvement through the big footprint of a speaker, and there was really nothing more that made me want to keep it.  thanks for the good return policy amazon, i will stay a loyal customer and i still send you lots of my money for items i keep	1	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	The overall concept is great, and I’m confident that Amazon will make improvements eventually, but this version should never have been released. My main disappointment is that the motion was calibrated for detecting movement 4’-6’ away from the unit. If you are within 2’ (e.g. you want to read the screen or manually interact with the unit that is placed on a kitchen island) it will always stop, pointing somewhere to your left - never in front of you. My wife and I tried to get used to this, but it is virtually unusable.  I can overlook the annoyance of the constant Echo advertisement screen that cannot be disabled, but basic functionality for a “motion” Show that is flawed is just unacceptable, especially since I was told by their tech support that it cannot and will not be corrected in this version.My advice is to wait for Gen 4.	2	March 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	What they don't tell you is you have to pay more money for a subscription just to use it. Your prime subscription will not work	1	September 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Just terrible. Amazon needs to stop using these teen influencers to hawk their products...most don't know anything about engineering, design, structure or a normal life. The UI is terrible and now they are trying to sell these at a discount when you purchase 2. Why is this $100 more than the 8. These Should be $179 and honestly Amazon needs to be giving these out FREE with a PRIME membership. It's like if Walmart were to make us pay to build their eco system before we could shop or share their experience. Please only use real world testers to beta test these prototype products. It will be another 3 months before these bugs or ironed out. Stop trying to make a profit and just make the best product possible...cost should not matter we are slowly transitioning in a true resource based economy were money doesn't matter and we will only design and build and give out the highest quality products...we must move away from a throw away economy...I see you have the earth pledge well then really use your might.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	I started having issues with the Echo show fairly early.  When you chat with Amazon, you get moved from agent to agent who just keeps telling you to reset it.  My show would randomly start playing a video in the middle of the night.  The only way to make it stop was to unplug it. That issue would be resolved for a short period of time after resetting it.Now anytime the show is plugged in, it continues to play random videos at all times, ignore any screen/button touches, and does not respond to voice commands.  Amazon will push you past the warranty time and then tell you too bad.  I was finally able to speak with someone on the phone who promised to contact me back within 3 days as the problem was concerning, I never heard back.  When I contacting Amazon to ask about that, the whole process starts over.	1	August 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	There were too much commercial ads and also political bias.  It didn't connect  to my ring as was advertised.  There was no way to control as and you could only use what they gave you.  I couldn't get the Roku to work properly  and it constantly wanted to view videos through the Roku even after it was uninstalled.  The programming seemed to be more geared towards  their political views than working properly.  It was definitely not user friendly.	1	July 7, 2021	0
echo show 10	Stay away from the trade-in program if you try to upgrade. Sent my older echo, which was my main hub for my smart house thinking it would be a couple of days. They recieved my item, a week later still shows they did not receive the item and still don't have a gift card credit, a coupon for an upgrade and missing my main hub to my smart home. Reached out to customer service only to be told please wait a few more days everytime. So if you plan to upgrade by trade in DONT!	1	July 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	My wife and I were given this as a gift from our kids last Christmas.  Since then it has randomly turned itself on in the middle of the night 3 times!  We went down the customer service rabbit hole only to be told to start the customer service process all over again.  We've tried all their suggestions, tips found on message boards, etc.  It still does it.  DO NOT PURCHASE UNTIL YOU LIKE BEING WOKEN UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.  Also, it's search function stinks.  I should be able to request a video the same way I would through google with the same result.  Nope.  It never finds what I am trying to to show someone, so I whip out my iPad - boom!  First hit.  If you want to look at unhealthy recipes flash at you, then this is the tool for you!  Otherwise, save your money and just stick with the dots.	1	April 20, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Overall the unit is ok with some annoying features like ""Alexa for your day"". I've been using an Echo since the first generation, I don't need tips anymore. Just show me my pictures.*Edit* I ended up returning mine.  As another review said, good idea but poor implementation.  The ""Alexa for your day"" screen became too annoying. The other reason was the low light programming, the device would not work in low light, and I keep my house dim most of the time."	2	March 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	I am disappointed because I bought this for my parent to zoom with me and this device does not work with zoom.Echo Show 10 requires a lot of technical expertise to set up.Once I set it up, I like the drop-in feature.	2	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Doesn’t work with zoom as promised.  I purchased this specifically to work with Zoom because I do a lot of webinar, taking and giving them on zoom. No one can tell me when it’s going to be available. So the only other choice is to return it at this time. I am so, so, so, disappointed. No one says when and if it will ever work with zoom. And then you can’t give an idea as to when it will be working with zoom. Amazon shame on you.	2	March 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	Won an EchoShow at work, but it seems pretty useless to me.  I already have HomeKit, iPads, and HomePods  Everyone I know uses FaceTime (or sometimes Zoom) for communicating and why would I want to stand around a device in the Kitchen?  Does not have direct access to my music or calendar. I play music from homepods or AppleTV without the need for Bluetooth.  Finally I would not trust this devices prying camera in my home.  I don’t know anyone who wants it either.	1	July 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Lacking Streaming apps from paid services like YouTube TV.Couldn't watch YouTube TV or Netflix.	1	August 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	The camera quality is poor for the price you're paying. Almost the same as my echo show 8. The tilt motion future doesn't go the whole way and isn't as impressive as the Portals.These are somewhat nitpicky but considering the price, I belive they're valid.	2	February 26, 2021	0
echo show 10	We have an issue with the screen rotating. It keeps saying put device on a flat surface. The counter topids perfectly flat. The closest obstruction is 12 inches away.We have reset it twice.  Anyone have a solution?	2	March 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	When they add a LION battery  will buy one.	2	April 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	this would be a great device if the bezels were not so big.i'll wait till the price comes down	2	February 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	Man I love reading these reviews. Sorry to everyone having issues with this item but THANKS for your reviews! I’ll wait to get an item like this and waste a Mother’s Day gift!	2	May 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	You have to practically scream for it to respond I has the other echo show and it always responded with out me having to raise my voice.  The motion does not return to where you set it for and the following does not work correctly  also very unstable has tipped over a couple times luckily didn't break.	1	March 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was willing to buy this for keeping in touch with my family, but after reading reviews, I can see is kind of disappoint ing product, it's a pity.I wish I could really find a product for a good quality video call with relatives, I was exited about the tracking feature.Getting pople exited and purchasing this product to use it for keeping in touch with their love ones just to see it doesn't work at all, shame on you Amazon capitalist pig.	1	April 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	Would like it more without a music subscription	2	March 25, 2021	0
echo show 10	Purchased for my mother in assisted living so she could stay in contact with family only to find out it won’t work as advertised without a personal cell phone. And you can’t just use one of the kids because then all there calls go to the Alexa. What a joke but hey it shows nice pictures my mom says from her land line!	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Only wish to be fair in any comment I make. I do not own one, and it is not likely I will. Looking at reviews from One Star all the way up to Three Star and still see one big word, ""buggy.""  At its current price point, I do not think this unit is ready for Prime Time. Honestly disappointed."	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	I hate this Alexa. We can be right next to it, say Alexa and nothing happens. We can yell Alexa and nothing happens except the Alexa in the other room will turn on. When it actually does “work” she doesn’t do what we asked. I just asked her to play music and she turned on a nascar video. Don’t waste your money.	1	July 5, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Screen is flooded with unwanted postings of "" alexa for your day"" .  Can not stop it from showing up. Would not buy again."	1	May 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	I hated the whole thing. It only suitable for tech-savvy type person.  Too complicated and not much of customization.  Specially it not a good gift for Mother Day.	1	April 29, 2021	0
echo show 10	So many of the cool features don't work in Canada.  So i returned it. Bit worth the money when stuff that was promised doesn't work.	1	March 19, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was planning on buying it, but now that I saw all the bad reviews. It's not going to happen.	1	May 8, 2021	0
echo show 10	Received the first Echo Show 10 and it would not make a video call. I called Amazon customer support who in turn put me through to their technical support. I spent entirely too much time on the phone trying to explain the issue to them. They told me that the Echo Show could not make video calls to or from a smart phone, even if the smart phone have the Amazon Alexa app on it. That’s a load of crap because we could do it with our earlier version of the echo show. On the off chance that it was the Echo Show,  I returned it  and ordered another. Second one, same issue. So, a second call to Amazon technical support and their agent spent an equal amount of time trying to resolve the issue, which she couldn’t. She told me that she would forward the issue to someone else. Who exactly does she have to forward it to if I’m already talking to technical support?? She also told me that she would give me a follow up call in 2 to 3 business days. That window came and went. I made yet another call to Amazon technical support. Once again, I spent entirely too much time on the phone reiterating the entire issue to him. He told me that he would check some things and call me back the following day. I received an email shortly after to confirm that he was going to call me the following day. Next day; NO call.	1	March 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Great screen quality. I feel like Alexa isn’t as intuitive as the Alexa on my show 8.	3	May 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	I was so excited about getting this and now I’m trying to prevent myself from throwing it across the room.The Alexa for your day feature is obnoxious and can’t be permanently turned off- The marketing/promotion pushiness is absolutely ridiculous.I ask Alexa something and instead of simply giving me the answer, she continues with more suggestions that I have zero interest in.I mainly got this device to use in the kitchen for recipes and video chatting my friend across the country. When I finally get Alexa to load my recipe, she closes my recipe (or ignores me) when I try to ask her to perform another task (e.g. play music or to give me a measurement conversion). So I’m fuming over the lack of multitasking ability. It’s glitchy and frustrating.I’m disappointed Amazon. You’ll most likely be seeing this device returned.	1	February 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	Way too many glitches.  It ALWAYS freezes when trying to play a video and won't even play spotify when asked.	1	February 25, 2022	0
echo show 10	The only thing I like about it is the audio for music/videos and calling other devices. It does not know what your saying half the time and it's difficult getting programs on it	3	June 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Not yet ready for Prime time! I am on my 3rd New Gen 10”. It may be bigger than the first original Echo Show but it is just “stupid”! I think they left out the intelligence in artificial intelligence. As I said this is my 3rd one. Amazon’s customer service has been great but I can’t recommend this device at this time.	2	April 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	Sound is not as good as our other Echo Show 8s. Screen size is very nice. Seems to have issues with being part of the whole house speaker systems. Kinda sorry I jumped on the first edition of this. I'm hoping they push updates into these.	3	September 1, 2021	1
echo show 10	How did this make it to production. I am big fan of Echo have around 7 devices but this was the one I was most excited about. The camera on the corner is a biggest disappointment it never centers where I am. Also I though I could use it to look around in my kitchen but not happening either. I hope the software upgrade fixes it. Poor design	3	March 26, 2021	1
echo show 10	Complete waste of money	1	August 8, 2022	0
echo show 10	"I bought it to connect with my daughter and her new baby. It worked for a while. Now under no circumstances will it allow you to answer the phone no matter how many times you tell Alexa to answer the phone. Honestly it was easier and less frustrating to set up a zoom call on my computer than it was to use this piece of junk in my living room.If I have unplug this piece of junk every time I'm expecting a call so she can reset and figure out what yo do, what is even the point of having it?I tried to contact their support and help....and conveniently "" something went wrong""I tried to call their support line, and again I couldnt get through.If something goes wrong with this....you are on your own to figure it out. Good luck."	1	August 11, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's fine, but needs more of the big streaming apps. No HBO? Disney+? The Alexa features have already ran into some issues; gets confused by regular commands and turns things off in my smart home that weren't commanded. Still a cool device; just kinda buggy at times.	3	June 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	think this should have been a amazon tablet as well that charges on the rotating speaker. it is very difficult to type on the screen because you cant hold it.  i think amazon should update this for next model to be a detachable amazon tablet that would still play the audio through the rotating speaker even if you detach the tablet.  i guess this device is most useful for video chats and home monitoring.  however, it would be nice if it would cast video to tv or pair with a firetv so you can view video chat on there.  i cant see using netflix on this.  not  big enough for everyone to view.  microphone not as good as fire cube 2g.  fire cube heard me further away than the echo show did.  music plays great through this.  this thing takes up a lot of space and difficult if you want to put this in the center of a room because it requires a plug outlet.  also, it glitches sometimes and does not move to the position when you call alexa. overall if you really do a lot of video calls and dont mind a speaker taking up half the coffee table or kitchen island, and dont mind yelling at this thing to recognize your voice, its a good device.	3	July 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	Problem with Bluetooth syncing constantly	3	July 25, 2021	1
echo show 10	On sale, it's worth it to upgrade from the second gen, even with movement disabled. It looks more modern and is more responsive with the new processors. Not allowing you to even order her to rotate with the camera covered is creepy and annoying and unnecessary though. Like some weird incentive to let Amazon always see into your home.	2	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Either the tracking is just woefully flawed or this thing has gained human emotions and hates me. I can be staring right at it speaking and it just moves away from me and looks in another direction. It’s annoying that it will keep moving as i stand still, it just feels rude. Is Alexa so over my questions this is her eye rolling to my request? Either way I’m really not happy with it and it’s not worth the price. If it functioned as advertised, and a little less attitude, I could see the appeal. Now I just have a expensive judgy robot on my kitchen counter	1	March 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	1st it was supposed to be delivered by Christmas Eve 4 days before Christmas Eve the tracking says it 3 stops away. It took 8 weeks to make it 3 stops. Now that it’s finally here it doesn’t work. The screen moves by itself it never faces you. Alexa doesn’t understand anything you say. You have to open apps manually and type manually. It goes in deep sleep mode and doesn’t wake up. The speaker is crap my cellphone is louder and clearer. I wasted over $300 on crap. Now to go thru the return game and waiting for my refund.	1	February 1, 2022	0
echo show 10	I was using it in a wide area, no items near it, big space for it to move. Never worked, it always had an error it couldn't move its screen at all, and yes I checked the settings and it was the device, honestly, the main reason why I bought it did not work,  so I returned it.	2	January 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	I traded in an old echo dot to get 25% off my purchase. i was so excited to get this i checked amazon almost everyday for the actual release date. finally got it in the mail and set it up. very disappointing. the screen is kind of an upgrade but the sound is horrible.  no bass. too much treble, and its just not very loud. the only saving grace to this thing is by adjusting the midrange on the bass settings allows it to be somewhat thumping. This is sooo not worth the upgrade. its kind of cool the way the screen will follow you if you're video chatting but that's a feature i barely ever even use. the only video feature i really use is for my flash briefing and half the time i'm just listening to it and not watching it to begin with.  such a horrible and disappointing upgrade from the 2nd generation show.  i'm returning mine and will prolly just get another 2nd generation. this truly is a horrible device.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	I had an Echo Show 2nd generation and it was fantastic. Some genius decided it was due for an upgrade and made this disaster. Yes it rotates. Which is something that bothered me so I turned that feature off, because it was a herky jerky motion which didn't add anything positive to the experience. The speakers sound inferior to the second generation. On spec they may be better, but to me, they lack the punch and separation of the last gen.The voice recognition is absolutely a nightmare. I hate this machine as if it had killed my dog with a bow and arrow. I recommend that nobody buy this, of course, unless it's a gift for someone you hate.	1	March 6, 2022	0
echo show 10	It does not follow commands will not connect to echo dots or small Alexa show not Worth the money not impressed at all	1	March 22, 2021	0
echo show 10	Not as expected would not stay connected to WiFi and the speaker lid was not attached	3	May 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	Wow! This thing weighs a ton and feels heavier than my television set. I had no clue looking at the product that it was so huge and heavy. Not sure what the plan is for this. Definitely not the best option. It really doesn't help that the Alexa app is pretty quirky. It will play a requested series and when asked to play the series immediately after, it says doesn't have such thing. Worse, I asked the item next to the bed to play and the one in the kitchen or office plays. Quite a few kinks to get straight and find something lighter than this weight.	2	March 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	By far the worst voice recognition and wake up ever in an echo device. If I didn't do the trade in I would have returned this. Hopefully they will fix this with upgrades. However I have noticed if I speak in an Indian accent it works perfectly even at a whisper.	2	April 24, 2022	0
echo show 10	"Bought this as an ""upgrade"". We speak English as our native language and it still commonly gets things wrong. Does not follow all commands. When watching something, we tell it to pause or stop and it'll just keep going. Telling it to go to home screen works about half the time. Telling it to turn on and off lights works about half the time. Telling it to do anything takes a long time and it lags like crazy sometimes. If it worked smoothly and the way it was advertised, this would be a great purchase but still has lots of kinks. Or maybe ours is faulty? Either way, we use it often but we still get frustrated with it at least once or twice a day for not working correctly. Looked at lots of reviews on YouTube before purchasing, no one warned us about this. This product is not ready yet, wait for a newer model."	1	November 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	I Save your money	2	August 10, 2021	0
echo show 10	Needs major updates. But it works okay for now.	3	May 22, 2021	1
echo show 10	This device seems to be a prototype y’all pushed out before working out the major bugs.  It won’t set the rotation boundaries where I set them and it NEVER hears me even when I’m in the same room. My e go from my bedroom or office will almost always hear me and answer.There is NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT ANYWHERE for this item. You can only return it.	2	August 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	"While the screen quality is good, and the usual Alexa app is fine, there is a major flaw in the software.  There is a screen that repeats ""Alexa for your day"" which is a screen that shows Alexa app features.  This is very annoying when you expect to see your pictures and instead get the same screen, repeating.  I suggest waiting till Amazon corrects the software.  I'll update if they do."	3	April 10, 2021	1
echo show 10	I really wanted this huge rotating screen, but Amazon really needs to work out the kinks with this thing. The screen rotates away from sound and when you turn it back around it will tell you something went wrong because it bumped into something.  I will give it a few more days. I am really thinking of trading it in for the echo show 8.	3	September 30, 2021	1
echo show 10	Love it but when typing on the touch screen it doesn’t have a steady base to type.	3	March 6, 2021	1
echo show 10	I upgraded from the 8 and this one is horrible. It rarely listens to commands then when it does respond it does something totally different. You have to talk extremely loud to interact with it. I’m going back to my 8. So disappointed.	1	November 2, 2021	0
echo show 10	Overall, the device disappointed me. The device is very sluggish. It is impossible to manage the settings of Smart Home. When it comes to Internet sites with video content, it is quickly overwhelmed and can no longer be operated. The number of apps you can install on it is very small, I'm missing a lot of important things. A simple iPad would do all the above tasks much better. And the rotating display, nice toy, after few days you will turn off and never turn on again. I didn't send it back just because I bought it on a sale.	3	November 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	It keeps saying it's not on a flat surface and it's on my counter top also motion detection turns off because it can't find anyone 😒	1	August 9, 2022	0
echo show 10	White cord black model .. very glitchy software doesn’t follow you correctly. Limited apps for streaming. Needs apps like Disney+ ESPN, cable or sat provider app to watch live tv. Doesn’t see you  in low light.	2	March 9, 2021	0
echo show 10	It's ok. Not worth the price tag	2	October 22, 2022	0
echo show 10	Personal use only to stay in contact with family and  friends	1	August 21, 2021	0
echo show 10	It does looks nice. We have 4 others echo devices that we like much more. ( dots and flex) For some odd reason  the new echo show 10 is very buggy. We hope some future updates will take care of its issues in cognition, rotation and general workability. We had high hopes for it, and was a major disappointment.	1	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is having hard time connecting	3	February 7, 2022	1
echo show 10	UPDATED TO 1 STAR FROM 2 - I have seen others review stating that the microphone does not hear you and I can confirm that this is the case... both me and my wife YELL at this thing and sometimes it still doesn't hear us... I love how it follows you, but it also messes up from time to time which can get annoying.... and when you'rer on a video call and it does its zoom to you and follow, that's awesome, really awesome. I cannot recommend this at this time and would suggest you wait till they get the microphone pickup working properly. I did look for a setting for sensitivity for the mic and couldn't find anything. I give it a 1 out of 10 stars. UPDATE - STILL YELLING AT THIS THING TO SOMETIMES GET A RESPONSE... AND THE TOUCH SCREEN IS NOT VERY SENSITIVE. I THINK THE DESIGNERS TRIED BUT THE ENGINEERS FAILED ON THIS THING. DO NOT BUY.	1	July 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	Motion is inaccurate and not stable , sound is ok could be better	3	June 4, 2021	1
echo show 10	This product certainly has promise.  In concept one can use this device to keep current on weather stocks news watch movies and TV.  However .....There are a lot of what i believe are bugs in the software.  For example the screen movements are so often its quite distracting.  When the light is low the device doesnt turn at all.  If i use the device to watch news while I am working out sometimes it suddenly stops working and i have to stop working out to reset it.  Sometime when i want something to play Alexa find what i want but it doesnet start playing.  I am certain Amazon will figure all these kings out but until then i suggest waiting to buy one.	3	March 19, 2021	1
echo show 10	Just okay!No matter how much I tried the unit wouldn’t connect to the internet and offer live view or drop in?	3	April 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	the response is delayed by three seconds. that’s annoying. show doesn’t open netflix anymore by voice. only brings up “what to ask alexa screen” but announces here is netflix.such a annoying shortcomings for a device of this price. do not recommend for long term use. so i do not recommend this device, there are waaaay better devices out there, don’t fall for this amazon hype train.	1	February 28, 2021	0
echo show 10	"Ended up having to unplug it bc someone was watching my family through the camera. I was the only one with my phone connected to it. And even asked everyone else, but none of them had set up their device. Contacted Amazon and they said they had to do an ""investigation"""	1	March 14, 2022	0
echo show 10	No Directv to watch, only thing it does is change stations on other TVs in the house. You CANNOT watch your Directv service on Echo Show 10  and you CANNOT access internet at www.-------.com or whatever. Alexa service reps have no idea and I had 7 straight service reps just disconnect when they didn't have an answer.	1	May 14, 2021	0
echo show 10	It is almost impossible to get Alexa to stop a news story. She provides suggested news stories as a part of her screen saver. I sometimes ask her to play those. Unfortunately, she plays more than the one story I request. Finding a command to get her to stop playing these continuous news stories has been hard to find. Eventually, I had to pull the power plug to get her to stop. Other times, I’ve tried to get her to stop the news stories by opening another app. I tried Netflix, and Alexa ended up playing both the sound from the news story, and the video & sound from Netflix at the same time!As far as “night vision” goes, a number of times at night, when we have the lights lowered, Alexa has told me there’s not enough light for her to follow my movement. I didn’t even know the Echo Show 10 had night vision since it doesn’t work in lower light settings. Where we have it set up, we’re not walking around that room anyway, so I turned the movement function off.I don’t understand the reason / meaning for the  “Warmth” rating? Is Amazon wanting to know if Alexa had a warm / friendly conversational tone? Or, is the device putting out too much heat?I love watching Netflix from our Echo Show 10, but I really wish it offered YouTube as an app, and not via a browser. Trying to watch YouTube that way is clunky and not worth the hassle.	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	"And I wish things had improved...but, no, just more aggravation!Rotation is random, at times even tries to respond by rotating toward the TV. Never had so many ""something went wrong"" messages. Constant begging for feedback is even more annoying. Voice recognition is the worst of all my Echo devices (6). News alerts start, then end in the middle of the stream.  And no, Dear Amazon, it is not my wi-fi speed or strength, I have a verified 500 Mb connection with max. sig. strength.Should have kept this puppy in the Lab for quite a bit longer! Very, very disappointing!"	2	March 6, 2021	0
echo show 10	I've been a huge fan of the Echo devices since they came out. I recently traded in my first two echo devices(1st Gen) to take advantage of the promotion for this device. Besides being able to use it as a picture display this device has been failing since day one. It does not listen at all I'll give it the command to stop playing music and it will continue to do so, also when I ask it to play music everywhere my audio is not synced up at all which kills the mood for me.I would legit have to unplug it to stop playing music! I did not have any of these issues with my old devices, they would respond to all commands properly and play the music properly. I also expected the audio to be better. I still have my Echo Plus and that's a smaller speaker and that sounds so much better than the show 10. I am returning this item. I'm just not happy with it at all, I did have high hopes for it.	1	March 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	This version of the Show is novel in that it swivels to try to point in the direction of the speaker. Unfortunately it’s not quite accurate and so while you are speaking it may be looking 20 degrees to where you are. While the swivel is a novelty, it’s more annoying than anything else.So is this Show an improvement over previous versions? I’d have to say no. I just don’t see any real improvement or added functionality, save for the swivel feature.	3	August 21, 2021	1
echo show 10	If you're a fan of the inconveniences of the late 80's than this is for you. Want to rewind a song your listening to with your voice? Well 15% oof the time you can! Don't want to talk to it and just manually rewind with the onscreen slider? Nope! You have to go to the prior song, then skip to the song you were just on and then just wait for the part you want to hear again! Yes, all the glory of cassette walkman but with a screen with huge blacked out bevels. It's virtually the dream of... No one!Can't understand your requests most of the time, constantly plays the wrong song (asked it to play songs by  'horse' and I got songs by 'cannibal corpse'. Wanna to know the weather? Ask it 9 times and it will tell you. Yes, it's currently 57 degrees outside in Los Angeles... But I love in Chicago, so why do I need to know? Want to hear a song by 'big to'¿ Too bad! Instead it would like to tell you about Cambodian dictator Pol Pot (born May 6th 1925, fyi).Well at least it follows you with motion of you live in the sun apparently because mine constantly says the light is too low to find me.... But this can be fixed by carrying a flashlight around with you (which you can buy on Amazon for $14.99). Well, look on the bright side, at least the power cable port is located on the bottom of the device in case you ever need to do a hard restart (no less than 3 or 4 times a week.	1	November 30, 2021	0
echo show 10	Only 3 star because the Video calls on WhatsApp are much better! also the audio in the camera mode  is a mess! I hope that one day I can have WhatsApp app in echo show! For the other functions it is fine!	3	April 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	A bit clunkier than a regular Echo but not nearly as poorly responsive and slow as the Show 15.  It streams Netflix and Prime TV, among others, but, unlike the Show 15, IT DOESN'T STREAM SLING TV?  WHY????!!!	3	July 15, 2022	1
echo show 10	I did not like that I can only make video call to people with alexa.  I tough that I will be able to make view call to all friends and family in my contact.I have 3 alexa already and I was under the impression that this one will do more, but no.  Amazon need to work on make it able to video call to any compatible phone or app	3	March 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I bought this device because it was an echo that could also serve as a digital picture frame.  I uploaded my photos, set it to just show those and things are great... some of the time.Despite disabling every home background feature except pictures, I frequently end up with ""Alexa for your day"" showing up with tips about how to use Alexa.  No way to disable it.  This makes it a picture frame with ads for the device built into it.  Given the price of it, this is totally unacceptable.Edit: After posting this review, Amazon customer service contacted me to get more feedback.  I really appreciated the gesture and hope it results in a change to allow me to disable this functionality.  Also, to clarify what I mean by ads, I do not mean ads for other products available on Amazon.  Specifically, I mean tips for how to use the device and phrases I can say to it.  Just thought I would add that clarification so that there is no confusion to would be purchasers.The rest of the functionality works great, but ""Alexa for your day"" ruins it for me.  I'm thinking about returning it, putting my echo dot back and just buying a digital picture frame that doesn't serve as a platform for ads from the company I bought it from.Would be 4 or 5 stars if not for that.  Super frustrating!"	2	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	Too dark and too big do not like at all	2	September 1, 2021	0
echo show 10	It does not follow verbal directions well. It is extremely difficult to edit pictures it displays. Less user friendly than other Alexa devices	3	April 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	Has a hard time hearing my voice from across the room. Mt Dot is better.	3	March 23, 2021	1
echo show 10	Doesn’t work like it is supposed to big disappointment	3	July 27, 2021	1
echo show 10	Does not display live tv such as news or television.  Much money for very little convenience.	3	March 18, 2021	1
echo show 10	"Update 06/22: Device is still glitchy. It doesn't respond half the time. The touchscreen response time is abysmal. Bottom line, it's too expensive for how well it works.I wish I could get my money back.---I had high hopes for adding this device in my kitchen. Being a 3rd gen device I expected more seamless UI and better touch screen.Responsiveness - When touching screen Everything lags. Swipes/taps/menus. My internet connection is crystal clear but this clearly can't process it's own apps. Answering video calls is a chore when we have to redial each other because ""Answer"" button doesn't respond.Device doesn't listen - I'm constantly repeating myself for simple tasks like news, music weather, answering callsUI/UX - Horrible. Slow. Unresponsive. No intuitive way to close out of an app like Netflix and return to my Home Screen. Calling someone takes like 5 menus choices. Waaaay too long. Adding quick call buttons to Home Screen would be nice...Video calling - Finding the call button takes forever. Quality is good, not great. Camera zoom and follow are nice but sometimes overly responsive even when sitting still. Needs to feel more fluid.Hard to know when you're on mute, button with mic has line through it.Drop In - You can't rotate the camera while on video Drop In. This would be nice for security.Spotify Pairing - The device constantly struggles to play even the simplest music requests. It is linked with my Spotify account but keeps denying music because I ""need to subscribe to Amazon music."" What a dud.Positives - Great speaker sound quality.Overall this thing is a bust. Hopefully they update the software and fix issues, I wish I could get my money back."	1	March 16, 2021	0
echo show 10	Loved this at first but it does not always work right and at times make things harder instead of easier which is why I purchased this!!!!!!!! Let down 40% of the time 😢😥	2	July 23, 2021	0
echo show 10	I was really excited about this, and I have every echo show, echo, echo auto, well you get it, I am hooked and love them - But this is useless.• wake word - moves the screen away from me so I can't see it anymore.• video chat - moves away from me instead of following me, not allowing the person to see me.• Touch -  moves the screen away from me and doesn't let me finish, stating that it has bumped into something.It is extremely irritating.	1	May 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Wasn’t what I expected but overall an ok product.	3	April 3, 2021	1
echo show 10	By far, the most horrid programming in a device.  It's like they just through it all together, and pushed engineers too hard.  Ridiculous.  Also, the battle with Google boxes is really annoying.	1	March 31, 2021	0
echo show 10	This new version of Alexa is terrible. She does not understand anything you ask for. The news she plays are only from abc.Plus, if you are watching the news and someone passes by, she will follow that person, and you cannot watch anymore. These are just two examples. I am returning this thing right now and install my old one.	1	November 4, 2021	0
echo show 10	The Echo Shows 5 and 10 has difficult to understand the command you are asking forExample reminders and turn on lights etc I am really disappointed my Old Echo es better	2	July 17, 2021	0
echo show 10	Received as gift.  Cant figure out why it was so expensive and what to use it for.  Music can be played from cheaper echo dot.  Why does camera need to follow you around?I dont get it!	3	December 2, 2021	1
echo show 10	I still rated it 3 stars,  after owning several devices, this one has a few flaws that they didn't address.Sound quality is good, but...It very Randomly stop playing stuff.The screen is nice, but the delays from when you touch the screen till the time you get what you lags so the device acts like its doing nothing so when you touch the screen again thinking it missed your command, it jumps to something else on the screen.Lastly, the drop in to see whats going on sounds great if you can get your app to talk to it every time.  It only works sometimes, and it gives you a great view of Nostil Hair.  The camera is set in such a way, that you get a ground up view no matter what you do, which makes the camera almost useless if you put in at a common level like most people.They could do a lot better.  Submit feedback as much as you like, Amazon will still do what it wants and not what consumers want.	3	April 24, 2021	1
echo show 10	It was slow to respond to some commands and ended up repeating them multiple times.In the case of routines, if there was an action to list calendar events, it stopped at the number of events and didn't finish the rest of the action or routine. The only way it worked correctly was when the routine was voice activated. If triggered within the Alexa app or executed by Hubitat's Echo Speaks app, then it encountered this issue. I bought the Echo Shows with this specific use case in mind, so I returned them as the main feature I wanted didn't work correctly.Lowered from 3 stars to 1. I paid $250 for this, and they only refunded me $53.Back to 3 stars after customer support reached out to me and fixed the refund issue.	3	February 1, 2022	1
echo show 10	The rotation and follow feature is severely flawed. does not follow well and also is offset a bIt even tho ive tried to adjust settings. The worst part is the wake word function. It cant hear me! I have to yell at it. So here i am have an argument with Alexa all the time. My other 2nd gen one answers from yards away. Sometimes too sensitive. Anyway, hopefully they can make some adjustments in software updates. Up til then, the screen is sharp and the sound is good but still not as good as gen 2.	3	August 5, 2021	1
echo show 10	"I was so excited for this device but I feel so let down by Amazon.  It feels like it wasn't tested enough before releasing to the public.  The camera I feel like should be centered but only confuses the system and me being on the right side, it sometimes just spins in a full circle randomly.  You cannot video chat through Facebook messenger 🙄  your photos are constantly interrupted by ""try asking alexa"" screen.  Can't play music videos.  So many things I was looking forward to.  Alexa is very limited.The speaker is great but not $250 great.  Really considering sending this back."	2	March 13, 2021	0
echo show 10	Instructions are hard to follow	3	August 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	The device was sort of fun but it doesn't do things I would like such as emails, sending and receiving and other stuff I do on my computer. The weather is already seen on my phone. It needs more choices for the cost. I can look up and print out recipes on my computer.	2	January 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	"The ""follow me"" and motion is a little hokey. It turns to the TV if it's on."	3	September 15, 2021	1
echo show 10	I do like the Alexa devices I have this one in my bedroom and I have another one in my living room the reason I gave it three stars are that fact that it is behind in basic functions, the home screen can’t be changed or the clock for that matter. Also, I have bought the blink mini and I do not particularly like how you have to ask Alexa to show you camera. Motion can be achieved with routines but I have multiple shows and they won’t work simultaneously on two different show screens. I mean these are basic functions that the Alexa devices blink or ring can’t get. I do not think I will be purchasing any other Alexa devices and I think I will be changing to a different device for security through my house. What is the point of a screen if it doesn’t show you the motion that is there with the blink mini or ring doorbell through multiple show devices I still have to peak my head outside to see who is there.	3	July 8, 2021	1
echo show 10	It's Junk	1	June 30, 2022	0
echo show 10	If you’re thinking about making this purchase….don’t. It may be worth in that $50-$80 range but at this price point it’s not worth it at all. I’ve had to factory restore multiple times, camera will not follow at random periods, even right now I ask Alexa to play Spotify and absolutely nothing happens. From all the products I’ve purchased from Amazon this is one of the biggest cash throwaway. What are the pros? The sound quality when it does work is very impressive and I like the ability to use it as a home camera when I am away. Other than that there is not much to it. Even selecting icons or swiping the screen has the Android type delay that you’ve seen on your smart phone from 10 years ago. Definitely the last Amazon smart product I will buy at these price points. Either wait for the price to come down and invest your money into an alternative.	2	October 12, 2021	0
echo show 10	This is our second echo show and both are absolutely horrible at voice activation.  Many times echo dots that are several rooms away hear us say Alexa before the echo show does.  Why isn't Amazon fixing this problem?!?  It has existed since the first Echo Show.	1	December 24, 2021	0
echo show 10	The screen on this is very nice and big.  Rotates 360*, can be used as a camera to look at the room but it does announce when you do.  The sound is quite disappointing.  I thought given the speaker size it'd sound much louder and clearer than it does.  If not for the screen I'd send it back.  It's no better than buy old dot 2nd edition.	3	July 21, 2022	1
echo show 10	The Alexa show is great in some of the features and integrates well with Ring. The Show can even announce when theirs motion at one of the Ring cameras and show on the screen.There's a lot of built in features as well. However, they are inconsistent and many don't work correctly, if at all.For example, you can set an alarm on Alexa to wake you up, and there is a sunrise effect to gradually wake you up with a simulated sunrise.  It worked at one time and stopped. You can still have the alarm clock with music or sounds, but the Sunrise Effect stopped working, possibly after one of the updates. Support has not been helpful in correcting. I have 3 Show devices, 2 Echo 10 and 1 Echo 8. It doesn't work on any of them. Many complaints on the forum, but support isn't helping.The Echo Show can show a slideshow of all your photos in an Amazon Photos Album or even Facebook. I have over 1000 photos in an Amazon Photos album that I selected for the slideshow. However, it selects about 10 photos and cycles through the same ones instead of the full album.Additionally, there's times an update is pushed out and completely breaks things. My devices stopped working with Ring and no longer would announce when motion was detected at my front door. I posted a review on my Ring Video Doorbell, and their support was very good. Although it wasn't their problem, they got involved and pushed Amazon to get it corrected. It took some time, but they did get it resolved.  I suspect if Ring wasn't pushing for it, support would not have corrected.Would I buy another Echo? Only if they could work out the bugs. It's an expensive device and you would hope the features would all work, or that support would listen to the buyers and get the problems fixed.	2	February 10, 2022	0
echo show 10	The BIG problem is that I have a huge great room and since I do not like to be shouted at or constantly changing the volume, I have 2 Echo devices. The other one constantly answers and then will not stop talking. I need to get up and tell the device to stop multiple times. Then I need to whisper to this device to do what I want. It has become a pain in the tush.Amazon needs to do more work with these devices so the one closest speaks. I have had Alexa devices from the beginning & this is a problem that has not been resolved in years.	3	January 29, 2022	1
