variation	verified_reviews	rating	date	feedback
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to love the Echo Auto.  It does work, and actually has a few nice features.  It has a enough issues though to take at least a few starsPros:• Provides Alexa functionality in the car, giving voice control similar to an Echo device in the home.• Adds A2DP (Bluetooth streaming music) functionality to cars that may not support it.  With iPhone implementation also sends audio from other sources such as Google maps while providing streaming audio from Alexa sources.• Amazon Alexa app will show information on content playing on phone lockscreen and Apple watch.  Apple watch can be used to pause, skip, and also provide information on content being played.• The cigarette lighter power adapter provided with the Echo Auto provides 2 USB A 2.4A port and appears to be of good quality.  One of the ports is used for the Echo Auto, leaving another free to charger your phone.Cons:This list could get really long, but some of the key points• The mount is useless.  It is large, bulky, and ugly. It doesn’t work for my vehicle, and if it did it would be blocking the air conditioner vent.  The air conditioner function is important so, no it isn’t going there.  It also would force having dangling wires up to where this thing sits, not to mention that the cables included with the Echo Auto would not be long enough.  This is far from an ideal solution.  I ended up just sticking the mount back in the box.• The connection to the phone, and apparently to the Amazon cloud is really flakey.  Almost all functionality is performed on the smartphone in behalf of the Echo Auto device.  For no apparent reason sometimes the Echo Auto can’t communicate with the phone (using iPhone X), or it will connect to the phone but the Alexa app can’t communicate with the cloud.  Note that other apps can communicate with the internet.• The volume seems to be low sometimes.  I’ve tried to keep the phone volume at maximum and tell Alexa “Volume 10” and then adjust the volume on the car audio system.  Sometimes it is plenty loud.  Sometimes though it isn’t.• Even when it does work, there is a lot of latency in responding.  If you have used other Echo devices you just make an utterance starting with the Alexa wake word, and then immediately the rest of the command.  Such as “Alexa play Classic Rock.”  On the Echo Auto this won’t work most of the time, but will sometimes.  Other times it will just ignore you.  Or you will hear a ding that it detected the wake word, but doesn’t do anything.  You basically have to say “Alexa” the wait for the ding, then say “Play Classic rock.”• It doesn’t seem to have the same fingerprinting to eliminate false wake word detection.  For example, I had it playing the flash brief news update.  As part of that update, one of the feeds said the word “Alexa.”  The Echo auto detected Alexa from that audio stream it was playing, made it’s “ding” sound that it recognized “Alexa,” attenuated the audio, and then eventually timed out.• While the included power and 3.5 mm audio cable are reasonable quality, they both stick straight out.  A right angle connector, at least for the audio cable would make for a much neater installation.• No user manual is included, or even seems to be available online.  Only an absurdly brief getting started guide. If you search there are third party books you can buy, but nothing free, and nothing from Amazon. Seriously, not even a Kindle ebook manual.  Some things are obvious, at least to me, but I’ve yet to figure out how to get it to control Google Maps that it is supposed to be able to do.• Almost everything is performed on the smartphone.  This really isn’t all that bad since I’m not actively using my phone except for navigation and maybe music while driving. Just be aware of this and plug your phone into a charger, otherwise it will accelerate draining the battery.• Not the device itself, but the invitation program was awful.  Not only did I have to wait almost a year, but also when I finally had the invitation to buy it, it was while I was away on International travel and didn’t want it shipped.  I waited until the last day of the 7 day window, but within the window.  When I went to purchase it, the window had already closed.  Awful experience!  I was able to request to be added to the invite again, and was able to buy it, at the invite half price about a week later.More detail:I really wanted to love this.  Even after waiting almost a year from when it was first announced and I requested to be added to the invite list, and then had to opportunity to buy it when I was away on International travel.  I did finally get it, and installed it.I have a 2004 Acura TL.  The car originally had support for Bluetooth Handsfree (Acura Handsfree Link) for phone calls, with a truly awful voice recognition system.  There was no support for A2DP (streaming music) or AVRC (music control).  The  car also didn’t even come with an auxiliary input.  I had installed a USA Spec iPod/iPhone interface that also provided an AUX input that I had installed in the console area near the 12V power jack.  The Handsfree link also died (as is very common it seems) and removed the module since it drained the car battery.  The Echo Auto seemed to be the perfect solution to replace the handsfree link, add streaming music support, and control it all from Alexa.  It has partially lived up to the hopes, and does provide all of what was hoped, but just far from perfectly.First the installation: I tried the large, bulky air conditioner mount.  It didn’t work for my car.  Even if it did I don’t think I would have used it.  The mount and the Echo auto would have blocked the vent.  I use the vent as, well, a vent.  Imagine that.  Second, if I did manage to somehow use the AC vent mount it would have put the Echo Auto right out in the middle of the dash area, with an ugly large mount, and wires dangling down from it.  As I wrote above, the auxiliary audio input is in the console next to the second 12V outlet.  Neither cable provided was long enough to reach from the dash to the console area.  Note that many factory AUX jacks are in the same location.  Yes, I could have used longer cables than provided, but that would have been even more dangling cables.  This really needs some other mounting options.  I ended up installing it in the cup holder area in front of the console.  This isn’t the best location as the lights aren’t easily visible (but can be seen).  The microphone array is actually closer to the driver and seems to work OK, but is slightly behind and to the right instead of in front of the driver.  Overall it seems to work OK.  The straight audio and power cables do stick out a bit, and I may replace at least the audio cable with one with a right angle connector.  Eventually if it works out I may try and figure out a more permanent install with the wires cleanly routed out of sight.  I’ve added a photo of where it is now.I’ve listed many of the issues I’ve had in the bullet points above so won’t duplicate them all here.  It does work, at least some of the time.  As noted it has frequent problems either connecting from the Echo Auto to the phone, and from the app to the cloud.  One time while sitting at a traffic light when the app couldn’t communicate I tried a speedtest with the speedtest app.  The phone had data connectivity.  There wasn’t anything wrong with the phone or signal.  Sometimes it will fail, and you can retry literally 5 seconds later and it will work.  Other times I’ve had to unplug the Echo Auto and plug it back in again.  Other times kill the Alexa app.  Still other times I had to do all of the above and power cycle the phone.  It is definitely not reliable.As mentioned above as well, the latency to accept commands is highly variable.  Sometimes you can just give a complete utterance like other Echo devices.  Other times it will totally miss the command.  As noted above as well, you need to give it the wake word Alexa, wait for it to recognize it with the ding sound, and then continue to give the command.  Yes, it can get frustrating repeating the same command several times.Note also that unlike other Echo devices that have all of the processing in the Echo device, this clearly relies on the companion smartphone Alexa app.  The Echo auto only listens for wake words, streams audio to and from the phone, and provides limited audio to say when it isn’t connected.  There are also local mute buttons and an LED light bar similar to other Echo devices.  Having the app do almost all the work isn’t entirely bad though.  At least with an iPhone X there is enough performance to run the Alexa app and functions while also running Google or Apple Maps, and play music.  I’m not actively using the phone, and have it in a mount, and, importantly, have it connected to a charger.  Audio from the iPhone will be routed to the Echo Auto.  This can be a good thing if the car audio system is set to the AUX input.  This allows Alexa commands, streaming music, and navigation audio all to play through the car audio system.  If however you select another audio input, say the radio or CD, then you won’t hear any audio from the iPhone.  A few times I’ve ended up streaming a local radio station the I could have received directly on the radio because of this.  Some easy configuration would be nice, but this is a reasonable limitation for an aftermarket accessory.  Notably, and somewhat surprisingly not only will Alexa commands work, but “Hey Siri” commands also work.The audio volume seems to vary.  When it works properly the audio is plenty loud, and unless I want to listen to loud music I need to turn down the car volume.  Sometimes though it is low, like when it attenuates audio during an Alexa command, only all the time.  Overall it sounds reasonable considering it is streaming over Bluetooth.  Sometimes with the phone audio at max and Alexa set to 10 to eliminate local audio scaling it does sound a bit distorted.  Other times though it sounds fine, or about as good as I can expect from Bluetooth.The audio does sound good enough to be able to hear differences in audio quality.  Streaming from Tidal does sound better than from Amazon music.  The good thing is that it supports both and XM  Sirius radio and more.  It doesn’t seem to support playing local music stored on the iPhone itself. If you manually start the music, or get Siri to do it, it will play, but there doesn’t seem to be a way to get Alexa to do it.  This seems to be a pretty big limitation.As I wrote above, there is no included user manual.  Only an incredibly brief getting started card is provided.  As written above, most things are obvious and I haven’t needed a manual.  Some things though, such as asking Alexa to navigate for you with Google maps I have yet to figure out.  I believe the web site shows this, but I’ve tried all kinds of commands and can’t get it to work.  Again, if I start the navigation from Google maps the voice directions will play through the Echo auto.  There are 3rd party books for sale, but I haven’t bought one.  I shouldn’t have to pay for a 3rd party book of unknown quality or accuracy to be able to use the product I purchased from Amazon.  At least Amazon should publish a Kindle ebook manual similar to what it does for Kindles and some other devices.Surprisingly, one of the reasons I bought it, to replace the Acura Handsfree Link for telephone calls I haven’t tried yet.  I need to do that and see how it sounds in both directions.  So I can’t comment on either the audio performance or control capabilities for basic telephone calls.The iPhone shows the Echo auto as a headphone.  However, Google maps is now marking my parking location as if the phone knows I’m leaving a car that it was connected to.  Hopefully Apple maps will too, although I use Google far more often.  This is another plus.As I also wrote above, the Echo Auto comes with a cigarette lighter/12V socket to USB A adapter.  This adapter has 2 ports, but 2.4 A.  This allows using one port for the Echo auto itself, and a second for charging a phone or other use.  This was a nice surprise.  This may still not be ideal if you prefer USB C PD for your phone, but overall it was good.  It will likely eliminate the problem of not have enough ports for a phone and the Echo Auto for many users.  The Echo Auto uses a micro USB  B connector for power, and comes with a USB A to micro USB B cable.  It is relatively short, and has straight connectors.  If you mount the Echo Auto near a 12V outlet you may be OK, but there is a chance it won’t be long enough.The Echo Auto has a 3.5 mm audio output jack next to the micro USB jack.  It comes with a 3.5 mm to 3.5 mm cable to plug into this jack and to the vehicle AUX input. The cable is of reasonable quality, and about the same length as the USB cable.  Again, if the Echo Auto is physically near the AUX input you will be fine, otherwise you may need a longer cable.  I would definitely would have preferred at least one side of the cable to have a right angle connector.  The straight connector makes the cables stick out needlessly more than they have to.Hopefully the software in app improves and resolves some of the problems and adds functionality for playing locally stored music on the phone. Amazon, please write a user manual and publish it for free as an ebook!  At least provide some FAQs with how to use it for controlling Google maps and other use cases.  Additional mounting options should also be extremely high on the list of updates.  Maybe also a professional install kit can also be offered for a more permanent vehicle install without wires dangling all over the car.Overall for the half price invitation purchase option I’m not sorry I bought it.  I’m not returning it immediately as others have commented.  Yes, there are MANY areas for improvement.  It does provide most of what it claims, albeit not very reliably.  I expect it will follow Murphy’s law and be flakey just as need to use it the most.  So while it isn’t going back, it doesn’t deserve 5 stars either.  That awful vent mount alone justifies knocking it down at least one star.  The flakey operation, loss of connections, waking up to its own audio saying Alexa, variable high latency recognizing commands, less than ideal cables, variable audio levels, and physically being larger than it likely could be all warrant dropping at least one, if not 2 more stars. I will be kind and give it 3 stars.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATE 11/27/2019: Not really sure why I am bothering to update my review since Amazon buried my first review  so deep that no one probably sees it (I am starting to think that reviews on Amazon are a bit of a waste of time). Funny...  before my review went live Amazon contacted me about the review. I responded to the inquiry, but never got a response back. My review was posted shortly thereafter, but as I said was buried so deeply that I doubt it was ever seen by anyone except for myself.My Echo Auto has been dead for over a month and will no longer connect. Resetting doesn't seem to do any good resolving the issue. I guess I will take it apart like I did the now obsolete Dash buttons or see if Amazon will repair.=======================In general,  I am a big Alexa fan, despite that the technology overall still has many flaws.The Echo Auto was expected in 2018, but the first ones were not shipped until late May of 2019 - at least that is when I received my invitation to purchase one prior to general release of the product which was late September 2019. I was pretty excited when I received my early version of the product which is almost identical to the general release version (e.g., the product I received did not include the capability to mount to a vent, instead it was a glue-on, dash mount variant which I did not like).Initial View:I believe that it’s a good concept overall, but a very poor execution on the marketed product. I must admit that I am very disappointed with this iteration of the product by Amazon, I believe that Amazon could have done much better.Based on my initial observations and interaction experience, I would speculate that the product was rushed to market before addressing all the major bugs and shortcomings, partly because it was already late and partly to be in time for holiday shopping. I expect that this product will be discontinued within a year or so and replaced as Amazon learns from their mistakes and releases a newer variant.Should You Get an Echo Auto?:Probably not. There’s not much that you can do with the Echo Auto that you can’t already do with your existing smartphone - even though your existing phone apps can be frustrating at times. If you have an iPhone, an Android or a built-in audio device and are already somewhat satisfied with Siri, Apple CarPlay, Android Auto or whatever you’re using, then my recommendation would be to skip the Echo Auto unless you’re an Alexa fanatic. It really depends somewhat on your established ecosystem, your personal preferences and your patience. Patience will be necessary when using the Echo Auto.If you have an older auto, there are ways to add Apple CarPlay or Android Auto to your car, but neither are currently as cost effective as the Echo Auto as long as you have at least an auxiliary port or bluetooth connectivity. Amazon has made it easy and very affordable to create an Echo (Alexa) ecosystem in your automobile.There is still some benefit in getting the Echo Auto even if you’re not an Amazon Prime member. The Echo Auto lets you use your favorite phone apps plus you get the added benefit of the vast library of Amazon Alexa skills and integrating with your existing Alexa eco system. Prime and/or Audible just makes the experience better in my opinion - that is when Echo Auto works as well as the home version.Why did I Get an Echo Auto?:Since I am sort of a curious geeky girl and already have all 3 major virtual assistant home technologies  [ no comments please ;-) ] and got an early 50% discount it was pretty much a no brainer. I was hoping that the Amazon hype was real and that I would really seamless integration between my smartphone and the Echo Auto - this turned out to be a false expectation.Differences in Virtual Assistant Eco Systems:In my opinion the different eco systems all have many similarities yet each has its pro’s and con’s and varying technological differences - that is when they work correctly. Alexa is great if you’re really into the Amazon ecosystem, but Apple and Google are much richer in their responses to questions and much more capable for auto use.Alternatives to Purchasing an Echo Auto:There are alternative options to purchasing the Echo Auto. One alternative of course is to just do without, but I doubt that there are many people willing to go that route.The easiest option, my recommendation, is to continue to use the favorite apps you already have on your smartphone for an equivalent set of functionality that you get on the Echo Auto.Another, although not recommended, alternative is to rig up an Echo Dot (or a Home Mini) in your car which will work. These devices were not designed for auto use so don’t work quite as well as the Echo Auto in my opinion for automotive applications. I have used both a Dot and a Mini and neither are as clean as the Echo Auto. Also, you will need to tether a Dot or Mini to your phone if you go this route which incurs additional data costs.For me personally, I think Siri is the winner by far in comparison to Echo Auto. Android may be as well, but I don’t have an Android phone so I am unable to comment on its effectiveness. I will leave that comparison to Android phone users.Navigation:Navigation through Echo Auto should be avoided in my opinion. While Echo Auto uses the navigation apps that you already have on your phone, it does this poorly and doesn’t provide the same user experience. Instead I would highly recommend that you stick with using whatever navigation app that you already have directly instead of trying to access through Echo Auto. I have found that trying to use my existing navigation phone apps via Echo Auto is at best frustrating and sometimes distracting and dangerous.Setup:If you already have the Amazon Alexa App on your phone, setup will be less than a minute (excluding the time it takes you decide and mount the Echo Auto in your automobile and hookup power and connect to you audio system which will vary depending on your personal preferences and auto design).While I think that Amazon did an OK job on the dash mount kit design, I personally don’t like it since it involves adhesive to keep the Echo Auto from moving around. Amazon is now shipping with a vent mount which is less intrusive. I am sure that others will come up with alternatives. I personally will not use the adhesive to the dash solution, but I have an alternative I rigged up that meets my personal needs or just set it on my center console.Size:The Echo Auto itself is tiny and sleek and not at all intrusive - about 1.9 inches wide, 3.3 inches long and 0.5 inches thick.Detractions:When you first startup your car, Alexa will report that she has lost connection with the Alexa app on your phone and you need to open the Alexa app to re-establish connectivity (of course this will not work and can be dangerous if you’re driving). This can be very frustrating as it typically takes several minutes for Alexa to start working - that is if she works at all. Amazon just needs to fix this so that Alexa announces when connectivity has been established and the user will need patience while waiting.I have already noted issues with Navigation, but I will re-emphasize that you should avoid using the Echo Auto for Navigation until Amazon works out all the bugs.Volume adjustments have to be coordinated between your phone and your car audio system to establish a volume level acceptable for your personal tastes. Once established, then you can control somewhat just using your car audio. I say somewhat since some apps will not adhere to the volume control you’ve set. For example, I found that ringing or a notification for an incoming call or text can be extremely loud. I find this not only highly annoying, but potentially dangerous. Something Amazon needs to address.Another detraction for many will be the power cable and the auxiliary cable (if used) and deciding how best to route them in your auto. Also, as mentioned previously, the cords included may not be long enough for your particular situation, but that is easily remedied by purchasing longer cords if you don’t already have something lying around.Sound Quality:The sound quality is mediocre to good, but is going to depend primarily on your auto’s audio system. Also you could possibly get some distortion or feedback on some alternative audio auxiliary cables. I have a longer auxiliary cable which I use with my iPhone when driving. While there’s no distortion when using with my iphone or an auxiliary speaker, I did experience incompatibility (static and Alexa could not sense that the cable was plugged in) when I used it with the Echo Auto. Switching to the included auxiliary cable resolved these issues. I haven’t tried other auxiliary cables so I can’t speak to what you may encounter.Basic Technology:While I haven’t dug into the details yet as far as I can tell the Echo Auto uses various Bluetooth technologies to emulate functionality similar to Apple CarPlay or Android Auto although it’s not compatible with either currently. As long as you you have an iPhone or Android phone that supports Android 6.0 and iOS 11 or greater you’re in good shape.At its heart, the Echo Auto uses an Intel dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) with inference engine, an 8-mic circular array, and technology for Alexa wake word recognition, beam forming, noise reduction, and acoustic echo cancellation. It also uses one of MediaTek’s System on a Chip (SoC), based on an ARM Cortex-M4  and a wi-fi subsystem and a floating point unit (FPU) which drives the multimedia aspect of the device.What you get:The Echo Auto comes with everything you need if your auto audio system is capable of Blue tooth communication or has an auxiliary input. There are other potential solutions if you don’t have either that might provide a similar experience. I have an older model SUV that has an auxiliary input so that’s what I used. Echo Auto comes with a meter long auxiliary cable which may or may not be long enough depending on where your auxiliary port is located in your auto. Mine is in my center console so the cord is a bit short for me if I decide to mount the Echo Auto on the dash. For now it’s just sitting in the center console tray.You get the Echo Auto, a dash mount kit, an in-car power adapter, a micro-USB cable (1m long), a 3.5mm auxiliary cable (1m long), and a Quick Start Guide.Summary:In closing, I would recommend that you avoid the Echo Auto as it is still very buggy to the point of being potentially dangerous while driving. Most of the problems should be addressable through software, however coming up with software that addresses the set of variables is time consuming and is probably not worth Amazon's effort. Instead stick with whatever system you're already using if it meets your needs.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The worst amazon product ever made.  I hate that Amazon fooled me into trying this! I wanted to love it! I wanted to love it so hard!  What's with the cords Amazon? Why do you need my cords. I have a bluetooth thing that I use.. why cant you be more like that special plug?First-  I sat in my car for nearly 2 hours trying to get this to connect. I dont have bluetooth, so the obvious appeal is that I can now have a wonderful hands-free option, and Alexa to boot! However- 2 hours, and nothing. Blue lights, zero response. Unplugged, replugged, restarted, nothing. I waited for my husband to come home before going postal.When he came to my rescue, I showed him what I had accomplished.. litterally zero, and we started over.  Step by step we followed every instruction. Nothing.  But then! A random connection! We didnt do anything, but hey.. it's working!  For 2 whole min.  It kept saying to reconnect you must go to the open the Alexa app (which btw-- does NOTHING!) I'd have to restart my phone for any sort of connection to reoccur.  We basically called it a wash and said we would be returning it the next day.Next day-  how random that as I'm driving down the road it connects and works for a good 30 min.. and I'm loving it and me and alexa are cruising along with Spotify as our wingman.  I ask for directions, and I'm on my way. This is awesome... until midfreeway and alexa disconnects on me again.. says to pullover to open the alexa app to restart. I cant.. I'm doing 70 in the fastlane and now in the verge of being lost.  I get off at the next exit. Once again its prompting me to go to the alexa app to restart.  Why? Why amazon do you keep telling me to do this?I'll say it again. The Alexa app does nothing to reconnect the device. ( And trying to get it back online without wanting to smash it is a feat!)I restart my phone again, and were back in business. For seemingly a good solid 30min, until I arrive at my destination and turn off my car.I should not have to restart everything in my vehicle including my phone to get this epic POS to connect everytime I want to enter my car or use it!Now- that being said. If you have bluetooth already- you may less issues. I really dont know if that grass is greener. You'll have at least one less cord hanging from your dash though.My 2 cords and my little cord keeper-- sigh-- the cord keeper fell off on day 2. This made my dash look messy and it was kinda nightmarish. I worried how I'd charge my phone, how I'd switch to radio or do anything without upsetting the mighty auto connection. It was like walking on eggshells.I ultimately returned her. I was sad. It broke my heart. It felt like Amazon tricked me. Heck- who didnt want to try this? Me!! I did! I still would if Amazon could come up with something 85% better than this corded, disconnected, heap o crap.Do you hear me amazon? We love our echos. But this? This is shameful. Save your money until they can make it bug free	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was lucky enough to get ONE of these during the pre-release period, for testing and review.  I’m glad I had the chance to really put this through real-world testing without paying full-price, and glad I didn’t go gung-ho and buy one for every vehicle (after their general release to the public).  First of all, If you have a vehicle with an AUX-IN or enhanced BT functionality, this will work well for you, but if you already have a vehicle with Microsoft SYNC, Android Auto, or Apple Car-play, you may find this unit disappointing or redundant.Pros:• Small and unobtrusive on the dash (now they have a vent-clip-shelf, too)• Microphones pick up very well, even for back-seat passengers• Allows all Echo function, just like your home unit• Power block has two USB ports (2.0A)Cons:• Eats data, so you better have unlimited plan• Power brick is ugly and looks “cheap”• Power cord is extra-thick and stiff, hard to route around dash• Unit constantly drops connection to “Alexa App” on my Samsung Galaxy 8, even when app clearly shows Alexa Auto IS connected• Turn-by-turn direction function drops out if not on 4G or higher connection.  There is also a delay as Echo receives data from maps.  Google maps/navigation is faster responding and works as long as it receives GPS and at least 2G/3G data connection.This is a cool little gadget, with lots of possibilities, but it just isn’t “there” yet for me.  Sure, I can turn on my lights and open the garage door… set the temp in the house and lock/unlock the front door from my car, even if miles away or down the street, but I can do that from my phone already, manually or by voice to “Hey Google”, but it is “cool” to be able to do it by voice through Echo.Testing the unit in my F150 left me disappointed.  I already have Microsoft SYNC in my truck, so I have most of the functionality without hands-free voice-control (have to push a button to activate voice-prompts), and SYNC is very limited on what you can say/ask.  The Echo allows me to access my Amazon library of purchased music on-demand, gives me full access to “music-unlimited” and “prime-music”, as well as audio-books, home-control, etc., BUT, it is slow, eats phone data, constantly tells me “I’m sorry, but I’ve lost connection to the Alexa App.  When it is safe to do so, please pull over and reconnect.”  I get this message nearly every time I get into the vehicle, and when I open the app, I can clearly see the Echo-Auto is CONNECTED in the app!  Turn-by-turn direction is the worst part of the unit, by far…  It is slow to respond, I presume due to the delay from maps to the Alexa App, and its lack of built-in GPS so it relies on data, which causes you to miss street turns in “busy” urban areas.  There is also the lack of being able to SEE the map on my phone or dash, which is sometimes necessary, so you know which lane to be in for upcoming turns/mergers.  Voice-only-prompt directions gets a “1-star” from me… it is better than nothing, but not by much.Using it in my wife’s work-vehicle, an older Mazda 3, which has AM/FM/CD, proved to be a set-up challenge, but for her situation, Echo Auto has proven to greatly expand her listening pleasures during her 75-minute one-way commute.  First of all, we had to get an FM transmitter with BT function so her phone could connect to the stereo.  Then, we were able to get the Echo Auto to function.  Her vehicle has BT function built-in, but it ONLY works for phone calls… it does not allow streaming of music or other audio, so we also had to disable her phone from the vehicle’s built-in hands-free phone connection.  She still experiences the same problem I experienced with the app constantly dropping connection to the unit, despite the app clearly showing connection.  She also drives through areas of 2G connectivity, where the Echo cannot function well due to poor data signal.  In the city where she works, she has 5Ge connection, so the Echo Auto really shines there, with much faster response times, even with turn-by-turn directions/navigation.I was lucky enough to get a second Echo Auto during the pre-release, and have been testing it in my older ’93 Ranger with aftermarket Pioneer stereo head-unit (which has BT function).  The Echo Auto functions the same in that vehicle as with my wife’s older Mazda… allowing access to wider range of music, audio-books, etc. but still has the issue with constant disconnects of the app.  It is impossible to one-touch reconnect to the app… you MUST pull over and go through the lengthy re-connect process.  Amazon MUST fix this!  Why is it using the Alexa App?  Why can't it just connect to your phone's wi-fi hot-spot for a more stable connection?So, in summary… the Echo Auto is a great idea on paper, but needs some growth and improvements.  It is highly dependent on your phone/carrier signal strength and prefers 4G+ speeds to function correctly.  You also MUST have an unlimited data plan on your phone!  Would I buy another one… yes, but only if the vehicle I’m purchasing it for does not have built-in Bluetooth, USB media-hub, or other “advanced” media functions.UPDATE:  I have a 2nd-gen Echo Dot, which I tried in my Ranger, and connected to my phone’s wi-fi hotspot.  I find the DOT works FAR better than the Echo Auto, as it does not disconnect (because it does not rely on the Amazon Alexa App), and I have the same features as I do from my 1st and 2nd-gen Echo and 1st and 2nd-gen Dot’s in my home.  There has been some “confusion” by Alexa when attempting to turn on lights or open the garage door while on the hot-spot, but it does work (eventually), and works FAR better than the Amazon Echo Auto… and for less than half the price!	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I sighed up for the pre-release of Android Auto, an echo dot made for your car. I have two Echo dots in my home, one in my bedroom and one in my front room, that I use religiously. As person with a terrible memory, I rely on Alexa to take notes for me, remind me to take my pills, automate my lights and wake up alarms, control my TV when I cant find the remote, and even tell when to flip my laundry. I never had luck with my Google assistant on my Pixel XL2 and I use my Google home solely as a Bluetooth speaker for travel. She just doesn't understand half of what I say no matter how many times I do the set up. I was really excited when Amazon said they would be releasing a car version of the Echo dot. Quite frankly, the Alexa app sucks as virtual phone assistant. It's even worse than the Google assistant yet Alexa is great when using the Echo. Being picked for the pre-release means I have to deal with the potential issues of a new product but it also means I get the item for $25 instead of $50 so I thought, sure, I'll go for it. I love doing VoCs at my job (I work for a medical manufacturing company) and I love reading and writing product reviews this has led to me getting some free products thrown my way from Amazon sellers looking for reviews. So I see this as another opportunity to review something I have an interest in.On unboxing, I found it comes with the Echo Auto (3.3” x 1.9” x 0.5”), an Aux cable in case you don't have Bluetooth, a micro USB, an USB/DC adapter in case you don't have USB charging ports. You have to have either a Bluetooth capable car or an aux port in order to use this device and it is only up and running for Android phone atm - they are still working on iphones integration. Set up was super simple - plug it all in, set your car sound to Aux or Bluetooth mode depending on what you have, open the Alexa app and go thought the add a device prompts. Done in under a min. You can now say ""Alexa....."" and she responses just like an Echo dot. She can set calendar info, take notes, add reminders and Alarms, play music from Spotify and other music apps, listen to audiobooks, make calls, drop in on other Echo dots that you have drop in permission with, turn on your house lights from your car, play your news, play Echo games, ect. I love it! So now when I have my car ideas, which is every time I get in the car and they are forgotten by the time I get to my destination, I can say ""Alexa...remind me to pick up milk at 4:55pm today"" and she will remind me. Now for the bad....they don't have integration with Android Auto...yet. What this means is that folks like me who have cars that came out in the last 5 years can't ask Alexa to search for directions and have it display the map on your car's media screen, it only shows on your phone. This may not sounds like a big deal but if you just shelled out a bunch of money for a new car, you want to be able to make use of the media display. I have a 2018 Honda CRV and it requires Android Auto running to display the map on my media screen so that right now is a major bummer. I am hoping they will fix this in a future update. I actually dislike Android Auto, it is really buggy and disconnects frequently on me so if they come up with a way that I can just use Echo Auto to connect to Maps and music I would be down to get rid of Android Auto all together. The second con was the mount. Its straight up garbage. Its a soft magnetic plastic piece with the reusable sticky stuff on the back that literally sticks to nothing but completely flat and smooth surfaces. I dont know of any modern cars with a non textured, completely flat dash board. I may as well have used a piece of salami with a magnet glued to it to try and mount the dang thing. They make a vent mount but that is a separate item and will set you back another $14 - guess who just bought one. Bad product design or marketing genius, you decide.The last con that I have found so far was the cabling. with the advent of Bluetooth and wireless chargers we are trying to get away from cables being everywhere. This device must be plugged in at all times to work. So that means besides your phone and your passenger's phone, there is a third (or more if you have multiple passengers) device plugged in and an annoying cable that has to run up to your dash as they want this dash mounted so the speaker can hear you properly. It would have been better to have a device that has an internal battery you can plug in as needed to charge but we are left with this old fashioned design instead.I have already contacted a CS Echo Auto rep and chatted with them about what I have learned about the device. They said they would bring it to their team so that they can work on it before the main release. They were excited as I was their first customer feedback on this item as it was just pre-release today. I do VoCs and Customer Feedbacks for work all the time so its almost second nature to me when I get an item to try and look at it from a universal customer standpoint and take apart the item (figuratively speaking) and report the user experience - for better and for worse. I was really excited about this product but even after release it has proven to be lack luster. They have a ways to go make this  product worthwile."	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	SETUP- if you have an Alexa at home and have it set up the way you like (wake word, sounds, etc) you may be disappointed to learn that you CANNOT change the wake word or other settings. My home is all “Echo” but this is “Alexa” and can’t be changed. Huge pain.I’m not a fan of the Dings when you start and end a request. You can’t change this on the Auto. It plays the tone at both ends of a request and cannot be changed. It is, I think, what makes it lag a bit so I frequently say “Alexa...” and halfway thru my request it catches up, dings and then only seems to catch half of my request.ALSO-read the PRO-TIP below about not being on your driveway and your phone still connected to home WiFi. This will most likely cause your initial setup / pairing to fail amd you will go nuts.If you somehow have the connection to your phone get corrupted, you may end up resetting and re-pairing everything. I had to do it several times. NOT something you can do quickly at a stoplight.And if you have more than 1 device in the car, and all of them have their BT on, turn ALL of them off except the phone that will be the primary phone in that car for Auto to use.MOUNT-It comes with an AC vent mount. That is the ONLY option (as if this writing) available and in my truck at least, the vents don’t accommodate this. Plus I live in Florida. I have no desire to restrict cool air flow.WHY are there no other mounting options?Frequently if I ask Alexa for the time, it gives the time about 5 hours off. Seems to not always lock into the correct time-server.PRO-TIP: DON’T attempt to use Alexa Auto until you pull away from your home/office. If your phone is still connected to that WiFi and you jump in the car and try to do anything, it will cause some confusion. It may go silent if music was requested, or frequently with me it would play the Dings at beginning and end of my request, but actually do nothing. Just silence between the 2 dings.Took me a while to figure this out.  Auto needs to be connected to your phone completely or thingsdon’t work right. sometimes it may actually tell you it lost connection, sometimes it doesn’t.DIRECTIONS is a JOKE. I’m an iPhone user. Google Maps is set as my map default on the phone. When I ask Alexa for directions, it replies to check your phone. It then sends a text to your phone which you have to take eyes off the road to acknowledge. And then Google Maps opens. And then you have to tap ”Directions” in the map app and then “Go”May as well just use a Siri.The device IS sensitive and can hear me thru fairly loud music but I do find certain requests frequently don’t get “heard” right.And with each repeat of your request, 86% of the time, Auto replies are garbled. Many times I don’t know if it didn’t hear me or if I mis-spoke because the repeat was unintelligible. Frustrating.I ask Alexa to play my XM and I jump channels a lot. Takes a ridiculous amount of time to change a channel.You say “Alexa...” and get the beginning Ding and then you request the channel, then Auto repeats your request, does the end Ding and if you haven’t already arrived at your destination, you finally hear your new channel.TEXT Messages- If I get a text message on my iPhone, I always ask Siri to read it for safety.For whatever reason, Alexa Auto disconnects, the text is read THRU my phone speaker (even though the phone is connected via Bluetooth to my stereo and was just playing fine) and then it switches back to music playing thru the stereo again.MULTI-TASKING- If, God forbid, you’re driving along with music playing (as requested by you thru Alexa Auto) and you are navigating via maps, and it needs to give you verbal directions, and then your phone rings, prepare to just wreck the car and leave the whole setup behind.Sounds far-fetched but since we all do everything EXCEPT drive our cars now, this has happened to me several times.Bring back AM radio and my flip-phone.Great concept if you don’t have a car radio that is advanced or capable of voice control.Most of the stuff you may do on your home Alexa devices you don’t need to do at 55 miles an hour so really it’s a novelty device that can play your streaming subscriptions pretty well, and will allow voice-activated smart-home control if you are not very distracted and forget to ask.And speaking of the app, my iPhone will alert me every few days that “Alexa has been using my location for X number of days “ and then show a map. You can then change the location settings to “Allow only when jailing app” but then next time you drive somewhere and launch the app, it tells you it must have “always” access. Annoying.It’s really an overall 3.5 star rating. If AMZN works out the software kinks and some new mounts are available I’d be happier with this. For now it is only used to play my music.	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"QUICK TAKE:Like many others, I was on the ""beta"" list for what seemed like a year or more.  In that time the world changed - literally - leaving very little that Echo Auto can do that could not be done as well or better by a modern smartphone and/or your car itself.  On top of that, for a product that was in beta for such an extended period, some really obvious usability issues that could have been fixed were left unfixed.  That is just hard to forgive.  Had they left the product a beta and come out with a new and improved Echo Auto, I would have understood (that is the point to the beta after all) ... but no one ever asked for my feedback as a beta user, and there was in fact no way to submit reviews or feedback - what is the point of the 1 year beta then?However, for a relatively cheap $39 product that provides a very sophisticated 8 microphone ""far field"" array with noise reduction, it might be worth it if you are having trouble with your built in smartphone voice recognition in your car's noisy environment.A PRODUCT IN SEARCH OF A NICHE:Echo Auto connects to your smartphone via the Alexa app as a device control (to control your smartphone while you are driving).  Your phone remains connected to your car (via either Bluetooth or audio cable).  You can then use your voice commands (which are picked up by the excellent 8 microphone ""far field"" with noise reduction all built into Echo Auto) to submit Alexa commands to your smartphone (like ""Alexa, Play Classic Rock Music"", which produces the desired result).  Note that Echo Auto does very little - it listens for your voice command, and your smartphone does all the work.  Echo Auto is really best thought of as a very advanced array microphone for your smartphone though it only works via Alexa and can't be used generally as a microphone (too bad - see below as this was a huge missed opportunity).POSITIVES:The 8 microphone array does a great job of picking up voice commands with lots of road noise.  Even with the windows open, I usually have no trouble issuing comments.No need to press a button to talk, unlock my smartphone, or interact at all - the voice control works very well and I never have to worry about starting the Alexa app, unlocking the phone, or anything.  As long as my phone is connected to the car and Bluetooth is one, it works (side note: Bluetooth allows a ""device controller"" to be connected at the same time that the phone is connected to the car so there is no conflict, and both connections exist at the same time).NEGATIVES:Requires a USB (micro) cable to power it.  No option for direct wire, which means you will need to dedicate a car USB port or 12V lighter adapter (and on our cars, there are never enough USB ports for the family so immediately we have an issue)Recommended air vent mount leaves a USB cable hanging in front of my car's control panel creating obstructions that could be hazardous or at a minimum create distractionAir vent mount was not workable in my car (a Tesla Model X) because the air vents are too short and close to the lip of the dashboard; this means the only feasible mounting alternative was velcro to the dash or just leave it hanging.  There is just no where to really mount this so it hangs from my USB port.  Other cars may fare better.No battery , can't be chargedDrains my smartphone battery fasterMISSED OPPORTUNITIES:The story of the Echo Auto is one of huge missed opportunities.  So here is what I would have told Amazon (as their supposed Beta tester of the product) had they cared to ask me.1) No ability to use the excellent noise cancelling array microphone system as a Bluetooth microphone for the phone.  Since Echo Auto is only a device controller that operates the smartphone, your smartphone still relies on your car's microphone on phone calls - a source of frustrations for most cars that have crappy microphones with minimal or no noise reduction.  Too bad Amazon could not have figured out a way to use their excellent mic tech to better the in car phone call.2) Cut the cord.  It would have been amazing to have Echo Auto operate without relying on the smartphone - after all, Echo devices generally do not need a smartphone to work.  As long as there is a wifi connection in the car (which many cars now offer, or could be provided via the smartphone hotspot), there is really no reason to rely on the smartphone."	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Important Caveat:  I'm using this with an LG V20 phone running Android 8.0.0.  Many of these issues could stem from my old phone.This is good when it works, but right now it's a hassle.My bluetooth is spotty with connections to my car so I opted to use the Aux port instead.  As a bluetooth receiver for an older car, this thing is pretty awesome.  As an Alexa device, it doesn't work great.Pros:Option to pick Bluetooth connectivity or Aux cable input.  Aux cable input makes it a bluetooth receiver for audio.  I can take calls or listen to podcasts outside of the alexa app.It works okay as an alexa device when it works.  I can tell it to play my playlists or music I like and it's identical to what it would give me with an echo dotI got it pretty cheapComes with mounting tape and I believe it had every cable I needed in the boxCons:Sometimes every day, sometimes once a week, sometimes once every 2 weeks, it completely looses its memory and I have to set up the device from scratch.  When this happens I don't even have a record of Auto being a connected device in the app or my bluetooth settings.  It wipes all memory of you having an alexa auto and you have to set it up from scratch.I prefer to have the explicit filter turned off.  I find myself having to repeatedly tell it to take the filter off.  This may be an Auto bug, or it may be me liking a censored song at some point.  When I tell it to play music I like, I am hearing censored versions sometimes, but this could be user error when originally flagging a song I like.  Maybe I liked the censored version and that's what it wants to play?  I don't notice this with echo in my home, so not sure.There is a lag when I first get into the vehicle.  It will tell me it's lost connection to my phone for 10-15 seconds and then it works.  It doesn't tell me when it's made the connection so I just keep trying.You can't change the wake word.  At home I say ""Computer"".  With Auto, I can only say Alexa.  I feel like a catholic mother yelling at her kids.  You, whats your name, do what I just said.This works off your phone's data plan so watch your data if you don't have unlimited.  I don't know if this is how the app works, but I would appreciate if Amazon could carve out a gig or 3 of cached space so I'm not constantly using data to stream my music.  I like the same 8 artists this year, just cache the data please.Speaking of data, it only works well with a good connection.  4G seems to work well until certain peak hours.  When this happens, she's buffering, but doesn't tell me she's buffering.  Songs just stop mid way through and start when more has been downloaded.  3G is where it gets iffy.  Same buffering but a lot depending on where you are.  Roaming or anything less and it just won't work.  If you are in the middle of no where, this device probably isn't for you.So, if you love echo, have cheap reliable data on your phone, and don't mind fussing with tech now and then, grab it when it's cheap.  Anybody else should probably wait a bit.To Amazon - The alexa app has been pretty bad for a while now.  It could use a major overhaul.  Auto's integration with the app feels shoe horned in.  If you aren't going to make the Alexa app better, you might want a dedicated app just for Auto.  But!  That would be a misstep because a better app would provide such a better experience for users on any device in the Alexa family.  My number one complaint is setting up routines.  Why can't I copy a routine and make one slight tweak and then name it a new routine.  I have close to 30 smart home devices.  I'm cheap, so I buy things on sale.  Between all of my devices, there are dozens off different vendor apps.  It's such a pain to add all my devices when I create a new routine that is just slightly different from a routine I already created.  Duplicate routine and force the user to rename when duplicated.  That would save so much time."	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received one of the invitation only Echo Autos in August 2019 and tried it out for two weeks before it stopped working and potentially damaged my car. I was very excited about this product and I already have multiple Fire Sticks, a Fire Cube, an Echo Dot, and an Echo Show 5. I thought it would be neat to have Alexa in my car as well for voice control, music, info, and directions, but it was anything but. I received the unit and the vent holder and set it up in my car. I have a 2012 Toyota Camry and already have and use Entune on my Iphone. The setup was relatively easy, I walked through the addition of the Echo Auto on my Iphone Alexa App and did an all Bluetooth setup so I did not need the audio jack. I also realized it used the Bluetooth for the Mic in the car so I didn’t need to even have the Echo Auto on the vent mount, I was able to keep it in a compartment in my dashboard that had a USB connection. I was really pleased that it was tucked away and a very clean install and I was excited to try it. Initially it seemed great, I was able to ask to give me the weather report, general info, specific songs, and I was impressed it integrated with my Entune system and displayed song titles and Artists during music playback. Alexa seemed relatively responsive and was consistently doing what I asked. There was however a bit of a lag when switching tracks, much more so then when I used Pandora or Apple Music directly on my phone, but for me it seemed worth the trade off to be able to play anything on demand with voice control.As I used it over the next two weeks I started noticing some serious issues that started to sour me on the device. After a day or so I started getting random drop outs of the Bluetooth connection, sometimes when the car started up and sometimes mid drive. I would call out “Alexa” and just get no response or her voice coming out of the Echo Auto unit itself. I disabled the Entune app on my phone, thinking there may be a conflict, but it did not have any effect on the issue. Alexa would stop responding completely or say “There is a problem connecting with the Bluetooth, please check your Alexa app for more information”. Now when driving this would be dangerous so I would pull over and check the app, it would be running but have a message I had to click to “Confirm I was a Passenger”. Once I clicked that the connection in most cases would be restored, but other times it would not, and I would have to open the Bluetooth settings on my phone and click the Echo Auto device listed to reconnect. In other cases I would have to do all of those steps to no avail and actually restart the car to get it to work again. This could be potentially dangerous if a driver had to fiddled with all this while driving, the whole point of this is to be hands free and provide less of a distraction, but if Alexa gets disabled that seems to go out the window.I put up with the issues and kept trying to see if there were any other features that may justify the hassle of the dropped connection. I tried some other features like directions, but it only gives you a selection of possible locations and when you choose one it sends the directions to your phone. It doesn’t have turn by turn directions, and again directs you to have to interact with your phone to bring up directions. I also noticed that if I lost internet connection, Alexa would stop working and not even be able to control music that was on my phone. At this point I was ready to disconnect it, but I had a long drive coming up the next weekend, and thought I could give it a real extended road test on that drive. That was not to be, two weeks after I installed it, and the day before I went on that trip I turned on my car and got the following message on my car’s screen “Power consumption of USB device too high. USB device will therefore be turned off.” I immediately unplugged the Echo Auto device and the message disappeared. I did try to plug it in again but the message would appear soon after, and Alexa was completely unresponsive. Rather than risk damaging my car’s electrical system I unplugged the Echo Auto for good.I so wanted this device to work as an extension of Alexa in my car and add features to my aging Entune system in my car, but it is nothing but a hassle. The built in system in my 8 year old car already does 90% of what I would use the Echo Auto for, with less of a delay and much greater reliably. It adds another point of failure and possible dangerous distraction that simply makes this a unnecessary and useless product. I am also extremely concerned about the message I received on my Car’s Entune system, and I don’t know whether my particular unit was defective, or if it just started drawing too much power. Either way I wasn’t taking any chances, so the unit and mount are being returned to Amazon for a refund.	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"There are a fair number of low to 1 star reviews stating that the set up of this device (Echo Auto) ""stopped working"" and/or an inability to re-connect. I have also experienced a difficulty with the connection process, usually with newer phones. However my first use with the Samsung Galaxy S8+ ( older phone ) connected flawlessly. However subsequent data clearing factory resets, upgrades, such as Samsung Galaxy 10 and 21 ultra, have had great difficulty re-connecting. Now from my experience and analysis / troubleshooting, this could be;-- A. Difficulty with establishing / RE-establishing  a new connection after an old connected device, or  even re-connecting the same device, if the current connection was lost some how ( ie. factory reset,  etc ) my troubleshooting included the Echo Auto device itself, the Amazon App, and my personal  device phone/tablet and the concept of one of them NOT completely removing previously stored  connection data. Upon further considerations I believe it is either in the Echo Auto device itself or in  the Amazon Alexa APP, though we can't rule out the connected device, ie ones phone.-- B. AND/OR, Maybe a difficulty in compatibility ""hiccups"" of slightly different generations of technology.  That's pretty much the important part, above, but below is a more in-depth explanation of the previously stated with partly anecdotal explanation.  In several circumstances I have had great difficulty re-connecting my Echo Auto after a number of reasons for losing the previously established connections from those mentioned to a phone update that require installing and reinstalling apps, and other random experimental re-connections such as trying to set up a tablet to act as a ""smart radio / dashboard / hub / multimedia center"" of sorts and trying to connect the Echo Auto to whatever device I was ""experimenting"" with. In any case, the main point is, I have experienced the connectivity issue more than my fair share of times and as annoying as it can be with time patience and a little know how ( googling echo auto factory reset etc ) I have always managed to re-connect and regardless of said difficulties I would still recommend this product as I feel the functions and features it provides worth my time to continue using."	3	August 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am changing my review from 4* to 1* because Amazon just removed the ability to use hands free from my Tap. This is important because that means that they remove support from niche items that they no longer produce. As this item is likely to eventually fall into that category, it will eventually be useless. You are driving when you use this product. Voice activation (hands free) is crucial. So, when amazon removes that option, this will be a useless little box.Original review:I don't quite understand all the negative reviews. I bought this item for one specific purpose: to pacify my 2.5 year old daughter when she is rapid firing music demands from her car seat. ""Wheels on the Bus, Momma! Five Little Monkeys, Momma, pleeeeeeaaassseeee!"" It works great for playing music. I have a playlist set up, but she doesn't always want to hear every song on it and asking her to wait repeatedly or trying to change songs while pulling over or at a light or in any type of hands-free manner gets old real fast. So, when I saw it being offered, I requested an invite.SET UPNot perfectly intuitive, but not hard. If you buy this as a gift you need to say so when you check out. Otherwise, it comes automatically assigned to your Amazon account, which makes set up easier. In the Alexa app, just click the + sign (plus sign) on the devices screen. Select Echo, then scroll down to Auto. It's not overly hard, but neither the instructions nor the device tell you where to look for it. It works plugged into your built-in USB port or a car charger. I tested both. Your phone needs to be able to connect to your car via Bluetooth. You DO NOT need to turn on your phone's portable hotspot setting for it to work, although it does connect to your phone's data services. You can supposedly also use the included 9mm auxiliary cord (finally, Amazon includes the needed cords) but once you set up the bluetooth option, I COULD NOT figure out how to get it back to the corded option. I took 1/2 star off for that. It can probably be done, but it should be obvious and it just isn't.SOUNDThe sound travels over Bluetooth and is decently crisp if you have any type of decent system in your car, but it likely won't satisfy a true audiophile. My toddler couldn't care less. You have to make sure the volume on BOTH your car and phone are turned up or it won't work. I wanted to see if the sound was better with the corded option, but I can't get it to work.MOUNTIt comes with a vent mount in which the vent portion can turn to accommodate for thin vents or wide vents. This may not make sense, but you will understand when you see it. The portion that attaches to the Echo is magnetic, so it can be easily removed without taking the mount down every time.DIMENSIONSThe device is a little larger than I was expecting, but not overly large. It is 3 3/8 inches long, 1 7/8 inches wide, and ½ inch thick.The cord is 39 inches long, which is long enough to reach the center dashboard plug in my mini-van from the vent next to the driver side window without dangling too much. The only thing is that I was thinking of plugging it into the plug hidden in the bottom of the center console since I will be leaving it in the car permanently and I would need probably a 6 ft cord for that. The included cords will likely not reach anyone's center console, even in a relatively small car.OTHER FEATURESOther than playing music, it can apparently do a whole bunch of other things. However, it doesn't do them all that well. I wouldn't count on being able to get directions from it, for instance. It misunderstands what you're asking half the time. However, it does look up other information pretty reliably, such as business information, weather, briefs/news, etc. I took another ½ star off for that, since the directions feature would be super nice. It claims to be able to place/answer calls, check texts, etc. However, my car can do that itself and I don't want to allow devices and apps to access my contacts more than I have to.BOTTOM LINEThis is a nifty device and if you need a hands-free way to play music/news/podcasts/etc, it is worth a try. If you want it for other reasons, you may end up being somewhat disappointed."	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Preface to this review:--------------------------I previously had an Echo Dot in my car, performing this exact same function.  The dot was connected via wifi to my mobile hotspot on my cell phone.  It was a similar setup, but definitely not the same.  My review will be mostly in comparison to my previous configuration with the Echo Dot.Old setup:------------Audio:  Echo Dot connected to car stereo via BluetoothVoice activation:  Echo Dot onlyInternet:  Echo Dot connected to cellular mobile hotspot via wifiNew setup:--------------Audio:  Mobile phone connected to car stereo via BluetoothVoice activation:  Echo Auto connected to mobile phone via BluetoothInternet:  Mobile phone, unlimited data plan1)  Let's clear this up right away.  The Echo Auto acts as a microphone.  That's pretty much it.  The data comes from the phone, and the phone connects to the car stereo via Bluetooth.  The Echo Auto is basically a microphone that sits on the side and makes your phone do the work.Pros:  a.  The microphone does seem to be able to pick up my voice through a lot of background noise.  b.  Voice activation is certainly safer than manually using my phoneCons:  a.  Couldn't this just be accomplished on the Alexa smartphone app without more hardware?2)  My Echo Dot setup seemed to be more stable than the Echo Auto connection.  Auto seems to be much more sensitive to connection disruptions (i.e. going through a cell dead spot).  I don't know this for certain, but it seemed as though the Echo Dot had some sort of buffering function, and could compensate for sporadic connections, where as the Auto seems to be more of a realtime stream.3)  When I had the Echo Dot set up in the car, connecting via Bluetooth to my stereo, my steering wheel functions worked.  I could skip songs, forward and backward, with the steering wheel, or on the stereo buttons.  With the Auto, I can no longer use the steering wheel buttons.  I just have to say, ""Alexa, skip"".  Seems like a trivial thing, but it's definitely less efficient compared to pressing a button.  I ended up purchasing a separate steering-wheel-mountable remote control, that connects via Bluetooth... to my phone.4)  Navigation seems a little clunky, but I can usually get it working.  It seems that my phone had to definitely be unlocked first, before telling the Auto to navigate.  I also had some trouble getting it to default to using Waze, instead of the default GPS (Google?), but that may just end up being the configuration on my phone itself.5)  One advantage to the Auto, over the Dot, is that it connects right up without extra work (and much more quickly).  With the Dot, I had to make sure that I started up the Mobile Hotspot every time I got in the car.  I tried some automation apps, like MacroDroid or Tasker, but neither seemed to be able to turn on the hotspot effectively.  With the Auto, as long as my Bluetooth connection is on, everything just works.  It also boots/connects much faster than the Dot.Overall, it's not a terrible product.  It does rely very heavily on the phone to do all of the work, which I didn't expect.  Related to the items listed above, I wish that:  1)  It integrated via Bluetooth directly to the car stereo, to allow steering wheel controls  2)  If not #1, then it should come with a mountable remote  3)  It had a file buffer to store the next song or two, so that connection issues wouldn't disrupt audioWould I buy this again, knowing what I know now?  Probably not.Would I buy it at its current price of $50?  No, I would not.But, will I continue to buy the newest Alexa-based products out there, when they become available?  Yep - most definitely.I hope this review helped some of you out!"	3	November 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this as a curiosity, when it was on sale for less than half the regular price.  I get frustrated with Siri, specifically with driving directions and music control, and just wanted to experiment and see if I would like Alexa better.On the plus side, I do mostly like Alexa more than Siri.  It integrates well with Google Maps, which is much more reliable than Apple Maps.  When I tell Alexa to play a song, it does exactly what I ask rather than playing other songs too.  I don't ask a lot of general knowledge questions in the car, but if I have one then Alexa usually has a better answer than Siri does.There are two downsides.  The most egregious issue is the mounting hardware.  The box comes with a frame that is meant to be clipped to one of your air conditioner vents, like a cheap air freshener from the 1990's.  Come ON... who is seriously going to mount this to an air vent, and run a USB power cable down their dashboard?  However, if you want to use a Command strip or some double-sided tape to mount it more nicely, then you have to deal with this big recessed chunk in the middle of the unit that is meant to accommodate the air vent frame.  I finally got it mounted in a decent enough way, but the process was way more of a hassle than it should have been.The second downside is just random bugs and glitches on the software side.  Half the time I ask for driving directions, it works.  The other half of the time, Alexa says that it can't determine my current location.  Well, duh... I'm not asking you to determine my current location.  I'm asking you to open Google Maps, and let it determine my current location.  Most of the time when I ask Alexa to play a song, it correctly uses Apple Music since I set that up as my default music service in the Alexa app.  But a lot of times, it randomly tries to play the song on Amazon Music instead, and then fails because I don't have an Amazon Music subscription.  Just constant annoying things like that.For the price I paid, it's a decent enough novelty that's somewhat less frustrating than Siri.  However, the concept has so much more potential than this half-hearted implementation, and there's no way I would pay the normal sticker price for this item.	3	June 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Roughly 90% of when I use Alexa is in the car. In the past I'd used either a Dot or an Input tethered to my phone's hotspot, which worked okay but was still slightly awkward. When the Auto was announced I was immediately interested, figuring it would give me the same functionality but more tailored to the car. So far, I can't say I'm very impressed. Disappointed, really.First, yes, it does work a bit better for certain car-specific uses. Getting directions, for example: that works fine, mostly, though ultimately it relies on your phone's map program rather than anything specific to Alexa. I could see how it would be a nice feature if you were frequently heading places you weren't familiar with, but for my weekday commute it isn't very handy, especially since there's no easy way (at least that I've found) to have it tell you more specific information, e.g. ""what's the traffic like between home and work?"" You can always look at your phone of course, but if I could look at my phone I wouldn't need a voice activated system now would I?Where the real problem with Auto lies is in the way it implements the standard line of Echo functionality. While Auto can do basically everything any other Echo device can, the way it does it is often slightly worse or even dramatically worse. At its mildest this is simply the device being slightly slower than other Echo devices, not surprising since much of the processing is offloaded to your phone rather than the Auto itself, but that is not simply a function of the phone being unable to keep up. In my case I had the Auto paired with my Razer Phone 1, an absolute unit of a gaming phone with an absurd amount of processing power, but that did not spare me from performance problems at all. Every action took just a little bit longer to load, and enough small delays added together to become one large overall slowdown.The performance problems don't just stop there, and in some cases they render some things wholly unusable. Song Keeper, a skill I use frequently, simply will not function correctly when used with the Auto, since apparently Auto uses a completely different method to play songs from Spotify. It is possible that the skill's creator could get around that limitation somehow, but I find it odd that the skill works with every other Echo device out there. That makes me think the fault doesn't really lie with the skill.Even separate of skills though, Auto's implementation of Echo functionality is unforgivably bad in a few cases. The way the Auto handles volume control is to simply pass the volume adjustment along to your phone's media output volume, rather than adjusting any sort of internal volume. At first this seems like a minor annoyance, until you go to make use of one of Auto's other selling points: hands-free dialing. As I said, Auto passes volume adjustments along to your phone's media volume setting, and NOT any other volume settings. This means that it is effectively impossible to adjust the volume of phone calls made through the Auto, and bizarrely not even by adjusting the volume on the phone directly. In my case this made the feature completely unusable since my car stereo's input gain was very high: attempting to make a phone call through Auto resulted in heavily distorted and completely unintelligible call audio. I am not the only person to report this issue, and yet the problem has not been addressed, despite being such an obviously severe problem.As it stands the Auto is still more functional than not, but it is massively inferior to using another Echo device along with a wifi hotspot. If your phone is incapable of providing a hotspot then the Auto is going to be your best (and maybe only) option for adding Alexa to your car, but otherwise it's strictly a downgrade in its current state. Hopefully the issues will be addressed, and if so I look forward to giving the Auto another chance. For now though I've switched back to using an Echo Input."	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is a great step in the direction of hands free driving. I was invited to test this device(on another account that is a family shared account) and will share my experience below. While I am impressed with it, there are certainly lots of improvements that need to be made for it to truly be a must have device. I cannot compare this to the Anker Roav Viva or Viva Pro, as I have not tested them, but I am sure those work well as devices as Anker is a great company. I am pretty sure its the Software that is the issue. I cannot compare them to Siri also as I have not used it very much in my car so I will speak only about my experience with Alexa Auto.I do not own any Echo devices in my home except for some 4k FireSticks with the Alexa remote, lucky for me that is enough to be able to control my devices in home that work with Alexa. The Echo Auto works great for controlling my in home devices that work with Alexa with my voice in my car while on the move. Its very nice to be able to control this stuff without having to physically open an application and use my device to do so, I can simply tell alexa to turn on whatever device. It is pretty damn seamless and I have had zero issues whatsoever controlling these devices. I will say that these devices were already previously setup in the Alexa app I have installed on my phone previously even though I never really used it prior to owning the Echo Auto. Another great feature is being able to tell Alexa what music to play. This has been seamless, with little to no problems aside from Alexa occasionally misunderstanding the song I am asking for it to play(this is rare). Keep in mind the default app for playing music should be set within the Alexa application.Navigation is a feature I have been less then impressed with. For some reason, it works seamlessly when I have Apple Maps set as my default navigation program, however when I change the application to Waze, it does not work at all. Considering this device and Alexa is meant to support Waze, and the popularity of Waze, this is a major problem. I personally use Waze because living near NYC, traffic can change in an instant, and I like knowing which is the best route to take. Once this device is truly Waze compatible it will be much better. I have tried troubleshooting it in every which way possible to no avail. I have changed the default navigation app, allowed both apps to always run location in the background, even uninstalled and reinstalled the entire Echo Auto device. Nothing works.Making calls has given me no issues at all as well, as long as you have your contacts synced with your Alexa app. I have not tested texting anyone as it is something I just dont really do while driving and im sure there are some kinks in dictation, there are problems with dictation in Siri and every voice assistant.Overall I think its on the right track, as this can even be looked at as a safety device which helps people to not be distracted by their phones while driving and be able to use them truly hands free. I think it is worth the price I paid for it at the discounted rate while being invited, however with the Roav Viva doing the same at a cheaper price, and the issues being software based(Alexa/Amazon need to work on it on their end to make this work better and more efficiently, its not the physical device)I think people will opt for the cheaper option. The ROAV Viva is also nice because its a cigarette charger as well, not a funny looking flat device that sits on your vent. I hope to see plenty of software and firmware updates, and $50 is a bit high for the state it is at now, but $25-35 is certainly fair. And even with the lack of some features working seamlessly, the benefit you do get playing music, making calls, and using navigation is worth it.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	At the time I put in for an invite for this device, I was frustrated with Siri hands-free. It couldn’t summon pandora or amazon music, and simple tasks like checking store hours and getting navigation were hit or miss. Fast forward to a couple weeks back when I finally got my echo auto, and boy does this product make Siri look great.The first issue you’ll notice is that Echo Auto isn’t always ready to go when the car starts, often for the first few minutes she’ll report she’s lost connection with the app and can’t respond right now. Admittedly this is probably because the iPhone paged out the Alexa app, but it would be nice if the echo auto announced when she is ready rather than leaving me to make the same query over and over again until it works.Navigation is also atrocious. In my short time with Echo Auto, I’ve discovered that asking Alexa to “navigate to <business>” often doesn’t result in directions, but instead either gets me traffic info or a suggestion to enable video skills in my library. Specifically asking Alexa to “get directions to <business>” seems to work okay, but since Alexa uses third party nav apps, on iPhone I often need to click a notification to get started with nav (and since iOS blocks notifications while driving, this means unlocking the phone). To make matters worse, if Alexa misheard you and puts the wrong destination into nav, she can’t cancel it directly and tells you to unlock the phone and cancel nav manually in the nav app. The entire point of an audio assistant in the car is to be hands free, so I consider echo auto nav fundamentally broken.Other issues: customer support can be pretty clueless, suggesting things like lowering radio volume and ambient noise if echo auto misheard you (even though echo auto is the thing playing stuff through the radio, and there’s going to be road, wind, engine, and hvac noise in a car...). Also it’s irksome that the Auto is powered by usb but can’t send audio over usb to the car.Now some of these complaints may seem minor, and Alexa’s always improving, but the trouble is so is her competition. With ios13, I can now say “hey Siri, play pandora” and it works! “Hey Siri” also works great for nav and other info, and she can more reliably hear me in the car. I’m guessing Google Assistant can do all this too. So the fundamental question is why would anyone pay $50 for an Echo Auto when their smartphone can already do everything the Auto does but better?	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I just set this up yesterday, but here are my first impressions....It's great having an Echo in the car, and it's definitely worth that I paid (I bought the 2 pack over Black Friday/Cyber Monday sale time, so they were only $25 each). However, my gripes begin with the naming....Unlike other Echo devices, you can neither change the wake word (from Alexa to Echo, as I've done with all other Echos), nor can you change the device's name in the Alexa app, to make it easily distinguishable between multiple Echo Autos. I guess the developers live in NYC and don't realize that the majority of homes in the US have at least 2 vehicles. Apparently they also just wanted to screw over families who have a member named Alexa. I mean really...what are they supposed to do in the car, where everyone is all within a 10ft radius of the Echo Auto? Every time one kid says his/her sister's name, the Echo Auto will wake up. That's lame! I set most of my Echo's to wake up to ""Echo"" rather than ""Alexa"" just in case my daughter winds up with a friend named Alexa (it would just be my luck). I didn't wanna get used to saying that and then have to change it. So now here I am all used to saying ""Echo"" and now I find out I can't in the car. Ugh. Annoying isn't the word.Another issue I've noticed is that the Echo Auto isn't appearing in my lists of devices on my Android phone--only my iPhone. Luckily I have an iPhone for work, because I haven't been able to set up any Echo devices with my own phone (Samsung Galaxy Note 9). But with the other stuff, they still show up on the Alexa app on my phone even though they were set up using the iPhone. I can see this being an issue in cases where one person is the tech person of the family and sets everything up using their phone. Because then the other person (or people) of the home wouldn't have their car's Echo listed in the app on their own phone. I can kind of see why they set it up this way, but I can also see it creating issues for people. Especially since it is not stated anywhere that you need to use your own phone to set up your own Echo Auto. And yes, I see how that's kind of a duh thing since it has go through the phone that will be used in that car most often, but for people who have connectivity issues with their phones (like the Note 9 does) and only have one phone (as most do), this could potentially be a major issue. If you HAVE to initially set it up with THE phone that will be providing the data to it all the time, then you might be screwed if you have any Bluetooth connection issues with that device. I haven't tried to see if I can now get it to connect with my Note 9, but I will when I can, and I'll update this with the result.Another thing is to be aware of is that it doesn't beep after you say ""Alexa"" to let you know it is listening like the other Echo's do. It has a light bar on one side, and it lights up blue when listening. I thought it wasn't working so I was getting mad until I flipped it around and saw the blue light. lol  (I was also trying to call it Echo at first, so there was also that.)But for some positives....It's nice and small, and the included USB charging and vent mount (which has a cord wrangler thing built in) are pretty handy. But keep in mind that you don't HAVE to use that mount. If blocking the vent or the cord is an issue, plug it into your console and then mount it right on the outside of the console with a Command strip or something."	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"10/7 update:I've changed my ""headline"" and added 1 more star to my review. After talking with a few different people at Amazon, I decided to keep the Echo Auto. This is really a test product, not really meant to be ready for public use. That makes these reviews/feedback extremely important. They need to know how people are using it, what vehicles/mobile devices are being used, what works and what doesn't so that they can keep making improvements to it. Therefore, I'm going to add some more information. And, if I have something more to add as time marches on, I'll do so.Here is what I've figured out so far. The Echo Auto uses your car speakers for sound in one of three ways.1) Auxiliary-If you have an older car without Bluetooth this is likely a great option.-if you have a car with Bluetooth, you can't use Auxiliary instead.2) Bluetooth-Critical to set it up properly (for iPhone go to Settings > Accessibility > Touch and select Bluetooth Headset.-The sound is exceptional. Despite what I said before, yes I'm saying it now, sound quality is not an issue.-When your phone is connected to your vehicle using Bluetooth, call quality (because it's stereo) is better than when you make a call through your car (because it's mono).-If you are playing music, you'll see what's playing on Apple Watch.-You'll also see it in your car LCD screen, if you have one, but it won't show album art.-You can advance songs with steering wheel controls and raise/lower volume.-You can ask for directions, but they'll only show up on your phone and even if you ask for Waze, it will be Apple Maps that will open.3) CarPlay-Can't be used with Aux/Bluetooth; you have to pick one or the other.-Playing music via Echo Auto does not equal playing music via the Amazon Music App. You'll see the name of what's playing in ""now playing"", but you cannot pause or advance songs.-You can raise the volume of the Echo Auto using the volume control in your car, but this volume is independent of CarPlay volume.-Music quality is poor because it's using ""navigation speakers"", which have a mono sound.-You can still communicate with Alexa through games, questions, lists, etc.-You can ask for directions. Once acknowledged on your phone, Apple Maps will open in CarPlay.The reason I thought the sound quality was terrible before, is that I was setting it up for Bluetooth, but I was connecting my phone to my car via the lightening cable. I was actually using the #3 CarPlay method for sound and not Bluetooth.10/4/19 update:Yes, this item is returnable so I've opted to return it rather than to make an additional purchase of a USB to AUX adapter that MIGHT improve the sound. I'm actually surprised at the varied reviews. Lots of people think that the sound quality is amazing and way better than the native sound of the car stereo. I can only say that for me it was really bad. I played the same song via Echo Auto and Amazon Music and there was a night and day difference in audio quality. I suspect that the varied opinions have everything to do with the vehicle make and model and perhaps even the mobile device being used. My vehicle is a 2019 Honda Pilot EX-L with a 218-watt audio system with six speakers plus a subwoofer and my mobile device is a iPhone 7Plus.Original Review:What a huge disappointment! As soon as I could finally buy this I snatched it up. I use Car Play. Even though Amazon Music is part of Car Play, Alexa doesn't work with it and Siri doesn't work with it so you have to manually make selections. This was the main reason I wanted to use Echo Auto. The thing is, it doesn't actually integrate with Car Play. Alexa can and does play what you request, but it's not through the Amazon Music App. No real integration, just work arounds that sometimes work and most of the time don't. There are a ton of other annoying issues as well, but my #1 complaint is that the sound quality SUCKS!I have to wonder if Echo Auto is using an older form of Bluetooth because there is some serious digital compression going on. Yes, the sound comes out of the car speakers (front only), but it's more of a mono sound than a stereo sound. My expectations were much higher. I expected the sound to be equal to that of Amazon Music playing through Car Play. Not only is that not the case, the volume isn't at the same level as the car audio. I expected that the + and - buttons were raising the existing level of VEHICLE sound. No. Echo Auto has its own sound volume.Can this even be returned? Maybe a USB to AUX adapter would improve the audio? They don't provide that.The ads are very misleading. No integration. Terrible sound quality. DO NOT BUY THIS until there are major improvements."	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like several others, continue to have issues with getting the EA to work properly.  Hopefully eventually, I will get it to do what I want it to, and then I will revise this.  The issue that I have is that it continues to attempt to use BT when making calls, even though I have tried repeatedly to get it to do everything via the AUX connection.  I still have a few other ideas to get  this resolved but so far nothing has worked.I purchased the Echo Auto,(EA)  to use with my 2015 Mini Cooper Conv.  The mini-cooper is BT phone capable, (more  on this later), but does not have BT audio support.  In Massachusetts where I am live, they just passed a hands free law, making it illegal to use your phone while driving.  My friend who I talk to regularly told me he couldn't hear me via the Mini's standard BT, so I thought adding the Echo Auto that has 6 mics might improve the situation.Setup:  While the EA does come with a vent adapter, this was useless in the MC. What I used instead, is velcro adhesive strips.  I placed one half on the dash board, and the other on the EA.  I used 1"" width.  Hooking up the cabling was ez.  I hooked up  the included  USB cable into the EA, and inserted it into the dual USB /lighter charge that is also included with the EA.  I use the chargers other  USB porto charge my phone.  Finally I plugged  the included mini-din audio cable into the EA with the other end going into the AUX input of the MC.  I continue to use a Cell phone holder that  connects into the CD slot, for holding my phone.  (Note: there isn't any cabling that goes from the  EA to the phone.)Once physical connections have been made, I followed the standard instructions for logically connecting the EA to my phone.  Note: VERY IMPORTANT, when asked about the capabilities of your car, do NOT  state that the car has BT for phone.  When I did this,  I wasn't able to hear the person who I was connected to.  (Not sure why,)  I solved this problem via, during setup, stating that the MC did not have any BT support.Usage: I also when I drive, use Android Auto on ny phone.  While there are a few peculiarities, in most cases The EA, the phone's Echo App, and Android Auto work reasonably well together.  , I can ask Alexa to play any sorts of music/audio options.  For example I can ask Alexa to play a particular Artist, and she will choose a play list from Amazon Music.  I can also ask to play Pandora,  Sirrius Radio, Spotify or I heart radio or Tune in.  Pretty sure the connections that are used, oar the associations that I had setup within the Alexa app.  I can ALSO use Android Auto, (via my hand) to also make Audio choices.  If i do this, EA audio will stop, the correct selection will play, and the Android Auto will show the selection.To make calls, I simply Ask Alexa to make the call.  It will use your associated directory for making the call.  (I ""think"" it uses the 6 Mics.  But I am not 100 percent sure.  (Someone want to confirm?)  Again, I initially had problems when I told EA  that the MC had BT, but when I re-configured so that the MC's BT was NOT used  it works fine.To be honest, I have only used this for a limited time.  I will update this review later if  I discover something important.  But so far, I think this will solve my ""hands free"" issue in the Mini."	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am a reasonably new ""convert"" to all things Alexa enabled.  I've purchased several echoes for my home, and I love the convenience of them.  It was only a matter of time before I got one for my car.  I REALLY wanted to love it like I do my other devices.  It was a bit more challenging to set up than the regular devices, but after a fashion it was up and running.  The holder is sub par to say the least.  It does not fit properly on the vent and once on, the weight of it closes the vent entirely causing the device to sort of hang there precariously.  Right now, she sits in my cup holder because I didn't want it to fall on the floor while driving.  My biggest disappointment really has more to do with my own expectations.  I did not realize that I would be unable to use this device and my standard radio/CD player in the car at the same time.  I expected it to be more like using my phone or GPS in that the radio switches seamlessly back and forth between talking or using other features and listening to the regular radio.  However, because this device operates through the radio's Bluetooth only, it's a one or the other option.  So, if I want to listed to the antenna radio or have a CD audiobook from the library, I can't use this device.  However, I can stream radio stations and audiobooks through the phone/device, but I'd prefer not to pay for those services when I can get comparable services for free elsewhere.  I'm not entirely displeased with it; I just expected something different. I don't know if it is a limitation of my radio or a limitation with the device.  The functionality needs some more evolution to make it better, but for $20 it isn't such a bad purchase.  Had I paid the original price of $50, I would be way more displeased and likely would return it."	3	May 25, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This thing is only a BT external microphone for the Alexa App on your phone.  That's it.Want to know if you need this at all?  Run the Alexa app on your phone in your car.  If you're playing music on Prime Music via the Alexa App (not the Music App), and while the music is playing you can reasonably issue Alexa commands, you don't need this.  At all.  Your phone's mic is good enough.  However, if you cannot get the phone to recognize commands while music is playing, etc. then maybe you need an external BT mic for the car.  Do you need THIS one?  Do a price vs features analysis.  I'd sway at $25, why not get this?  At $50, there are surely far better options out there.Other than act as a mic, it doesn't actually do anything.  It has decent cut-through, so if it is doing something like talking to you or playing music through your car's stereo, it can hear your voice pretty well and run your commands (though there is a lag and the fact that even in quiet conditions I had to repeat my command multiple times to get it to do what I  wanted).  Now allow me to explain my ratings:Overall: 2  stars.  Decent external mic, but for  what it is, its a bit over-priced even at $25.  At $49.95 it is a complete rip-off.Voice Recognition: 2 stars - its actually the app on your phone, not the Echo Auto that does the voice recognition, so this should be N/A, but I gave it two for the mic's cut-through.Alexa Integration: Considering that that is all this does, the setup was easy, and it remains consistent (no constant re-pairing, etc.)Sound Quality: 1 Star.  There is no sound in this thing other than the boot-up tones.  This should  be N/A, really.But this wouldn't be complete w/o mentioning the Alexa app which is ATROCIOUS FOR IN CAR USE!!!!!!!!!!!  At least in Android Pie.  It could also distract to the point of being dangerous!!!It CONSTANTLY wants to be on top of everything!!!!!!!  Start up the car, turn on waze, plug in the destination and start driving.  Look at the screen to get your next turn info, but instead of Waze, you see the Alexa screen instead.  get rid of the screen and Waze is back up, ok, good.  No, not good, because literally 2 seconds later the Alexa App screen is on top of everything.  I can't see my map again!  Get rid of the Alexa screen, and back to Wa-NOPE!!!!  this time it was just 1 second!  I NEED TO SEE MY DIRECTIONS!  And the beauty is you cannot just exist the app.  Nope.  You have to give Alexa permission to run in the background 100% of the time, so it want's to be on even when you're not in the car.  Listening.  Constantly.  Even when there is no need.  Just sucking your battery dry.  You can't kill it!  WTF?!??!!  This is BAD APP BEHAVIOR!  And here is the thing, they tell you durinng install ""if you want to disable this, just go into settings blah blah blah"" Nope.  Can't do that either.  I can see the setting in my settings, but it is greyed out.Here is how I manage to live with it: I don't need or want the app running at home.  I already have a FireCube, a Dpt, and a Show listening to everything going on in the house.1) DO NOT give the app permission to run constantly in the background.  It says it won't work unless you allow it to.  Not true.  You will just have to start up the Alexa app manually.2) I have the app Tasker set up so that when it detects that I can connected to my car via BT, it will start up the Alexa app.3) I have Tasker set up so that when the phone is disconnected from the car's BT, it kills Alexa.  It is actually successful in killing Alexa about 10%  of the time.4) I have an app installed called Power Master.  It detects power-hungry apps (which Alexa is, surprise!), and notifies me of them in the notifications area (so I don't forget) and it allows me to actually kill them.  So when Tasker fails to kill Alexa automatically, this will do the job.  Otherwise the only way to kill the ridiculously invasive app is to reboot the phone."	2	November 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me explain my Headline above...  Until yesterday I have been Alexa's biggest fan.  I have many Alexa devices and they have all made my life easier and more pleasurable by streamlining daily tasks in the home and in my car.  I have also given away quite a few of these devices since I have used them and see what they can do to improve one's life.Yesterday however I came across a HUGE BUMP IN THE ROAD with regard's to Amazon's new policy of limiting stored phone numbers you can make from your devices.  I have almost completely replaced my phone in my office with the Show 8, the Echo Studios, the Show 5 and Echo 4th generation which you can make calls from all of these.  Not to mention adding it to my car in the form of Echo Auto.The other day when I went to make a phone call on my Show 8 which I keep on my desk I got a strange message for the first time.  When I tried to call a new number I got a recording that I have exceeded my 10 phone number limit and the call cannot be made at this time.  It told me to go into my app and delete existing phone numbers I have stored until that number falls below 10.  I immediately called Amazon support because I never came across this problem before and they confirmed Amazon has scaled back the amount of numbers people can call and now if you want to make a call to someone over and above 10 you have to delete to make room for the new contacts which is INSANE.I thought to myself what if I was in my car driving in heavy traffic or on a highway and tried to call someone to let them know where I was and that I would be a few minutes late or whatever and got that message.  I would then have to redirect my concentration to the app and find where to delete some numbers to make room which could be very dangerous and could lead to an accident.I hope Amazon looks at this potentially dangerous policy and reverses it before someone gets hurt or killed.  I have always found Amazon to be a very proactive company so that gives me hope they will reexamine this decision and correct it soon.If anyone else has experienced this issue or anyone considering buying these devices which are outstanding except for this and also thinks this could be dangerous before purchasing one call Amazon and ask them what they are doing to address this issue and if you already have any of these Alexa devices call them and let them know you're not happy with the current status of this policy and let's get things back to normal.	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works most of the time...now technically I've only used it 3 times on road trips in my class B travel Van...this last trip was an 8 hour drive and it kept glitching and getting stuck while in the Los Angeles area. I have a good phone service with a newer Samsung galaxy phone. It did it before to on a trip thru a mountain area so I just figured I wasn't getting a clear signal but in Los Angeles?? I mean I'm still going to keep using it, it's great for music and I listen to my podcasts.	3	November 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For people who do not have one, the Alexa Auto is not a full Echo device like the Dot. You could say it's just a smart microphone.After reading up on it and comparing against different Echo devices, I  realized THIS is the device I need in my car.  Not an Echo Dot.I have to drive a fair amount and:1) I use my cellphone as my GPS.  I do not like stand-alone GPS devices for a variety of reasons.  (Updating, etc)2) I receive calls when I'm driving.3) I listen to music, news and audiobooks while driving.I have to be able to do all three, and switch between them.So I could be listening to an audiobook and my GPS will interrupt and tell me where to turn.  Then a call comes in.  And finally I want to listen to my audiobook again.When you consider it, this is pretty complex.  Now add to this, I prefer to take some phone calls with a bluetooth headset.But I listen to the audiobook or GPS app from the car stereo.I rely heavily on the cellphone OS to intelligently switch foreground/background apps and prioritize my bluetooth devices.There is no such thing as perfection.  Switching between all these can be tough and inevitably something doesn't switch over smoothly.I have tried using an Echo Dot tethered to my cellphone for the wifi.  Oh sure, I got it working.  But now I have two physical audio devices.  And I have to constantly turn tethering on in the cellphone settings everytime I stop for gas.I have used Alexa on the phone.  But noise cancellation is horrible when I use my phone this way.  So I end up yelling at my phone.Alot of comedians have used this scenario for skits but I doubt any of them have been on a highway at 70 mph trying to get an audiobook to start playing again.This Alexa Auto acts like an Echo Dot but is really leveraging the Alexa on my phone.  I do not have to turn on wifi tethering for it.Everything is still centered around my phone's audio.I don't think that is how it was designed.  It has an audio jack and I believe Amazon intended for all sound to travel through the Echo Auto to the stereo.That's simply not how I use it.- Can noise interrupt the Echo Auto?  Yup.  But it still works better than yelling at my cellphone.- Can I mute the Echo Auto like an Echo Dot?  Yup.  But since there is no remote, you will have to unmute to give commands.  Since the Echo Auto is so small, can I hold it in my hand like a voice remote and talk into it?  Yup.  i tried this when noise outside the car was too much.- Can I run the Echo Auto from a USB power bank?  Yup.  I recently did a 5hr trip with no issues.  I used maybe 2Ah from an 8Ah battery.  Maybe a bit less.- Can I initiate a phone call?  Yes but you have to give it permissions.  I used an Android.- Can I initiate a text message?  Yes and it needs permissions.  But this failed for me because the rain pelted my car so hard I had to give up.  Too noisy.- Did anything *not* work?  Yup.  When my cell reception dropped to 2G or equivalent, I lost bandwidth.  Many Echo functions stopped until my bandwidth returned to normal.  The Echo Auto did not tell me until I asked something.My last thought is, there are some people who are very scared of being listened to or being recorded.  I have found these same people do not take any steps to secure their phones, protect their identities or do much of anything except bitterly complain.I have nothing nice or forgiving to say about these folks.You really need to give permission on your phone for this to work right.  You can always shut them off later.Update 4/2/20 Dropped from 5 star to 2 starsI noticed some kind of update hit - not sure when.  Now when the Echo Auto has the mute button on (whole device turns on red), I can no longer use the action button.  The action button also serves very little purpose now.So either the device is always listening to you , or you cannot use it.That's a big waste since there is constant road noise when you're driving.  I use it more like a voice remote.  I stick a very small external USB battery bank on this with a short micro usb charge wire.It made an awesome voice remote.Oh well.  It was great while it lasted.	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device functions the way you’d expect in terms of features and “what” it can do. It generally works as expected but there are a few areas with room for improvement that are preventing me from giving it 4 or 5 stars.1. The pre-order unit I received came with the vent-clip mount. It mount the device securely enough but the problem is that no matter how I angle the vent or turn that particular vent to a “closed” position, the airflow inhibits it’s ability to “hear” commands. I end up yelling while I’m driving just so it can hear me.2. I’ve never like vent clips because they block too much of the airflow from the vent. The same is true of this one as well. Sure I could attach it to the dash with Velcro or something else. But I haven’t taken the time to do that yet and I shouldn’t have to. I’d prefer a windshield or dash mount.3. I paired the Bluetooth successfully the first time and it showed that everything was connected and successful. Yet when I tried giving an “Alexa” command, nothing happened. I decided to delete the Bluetooth connection and start over again. This require that I also “remove” the device from the “Alexa” app as well which took me a few more minutes to figure out. I’m pretty tech savvy so troubleshooting something like that is not a big deal. But what’s a little annoyance for me could be a big frustration for someone unfamiliar with troubleshooting the complexity of tying your phone, car, and Echo Auto device together. (By the way, that’s how this device works. The Echo Auto connects to your phone via Bluetooth and then your phone connects to your car via Bluetooth.)Once I repaired the Bluetooth connections and the Echo Auto was listed a one of my “devices” in the app I tried it again and everything worked great (aside from the vent issues mentioned above.)Then on one other random day the same thing happened and I had to disconnect and delete the Bluetooth connection and repair it. Once I did it was back to working again.To be fair, I haven’t had any more issues with the connectivity since those two instances. But again, two times may be too many for some people.I expect these types of minor issues and I’m comfortable navigating those issues. If you’re the type of person that doesn’t scratch their head or have to stop and think about how to setup a new device, then you’ll be fine. If you’re the type that would have to read the instructions because you don’t trust your ability (or patience level) for this type of thing, then you might want to think twice.4. Lastly, something I consider in the with the stars is value. I got the device at half-price for pre-ordering. But I would not pay full price for this device. It’s cool, and when it works (which most of the time it does) it’s nice. But I couldn’t justify the full price for such a simple device. I think the perfect price point for this device would be $30 and then maybe some sale price every once in a while of $24. Having used it for a while I would not pay more than $30 for it though especially considering that I can get an Echo Dot for the same price that has internal speakers built in and has more “hardware” inside of it. I really don’t understand where the price justification is coming from for this device versus the Echo Dot.In summary, if you’re interested in having Alexa in your car and you don’t mind a little troubleshooting with the connection or the cost for that integration - then by all means, grab one. You won’t be disappointed as you’ll get exactly what you’d expect from a device like this.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Second time writing review as first seems gone now since I originally reviewed the Auto and the mount as a package that is no longer offered.First off, I was interested in this for things such as turning off my lights or arming the house as I was leaving.  Those little things I sometimes forget in a rush out the door.  It worked, for the most part.  Setup was a pain, took some time but after about an hour.. I got her working.  However, I asked for directions and the dang device told me I needed to open my app.  How does that work for a hands-free environment driving!  Asked her to play some music to amuse the toddlers in the back seat.  Well, that works as I get to hear wheels on the bus go round and round.. Round and round..  If you are hearing that in your head now, please know I have a five year old that hops in the car and when I start to drive, yells ""Alexa, play wheels on the bus""  Anything more then this, she's moody.  I did find it useful to ""announce""  Like coming home from the grocery store and need someone to meet me outside and help unload.  Announce ""Get outside and meet me to take in groceries!""  Gets the big kids attention.On a side note, redesign this thing.  It's too big.  Why not something smaller that does not require wires I had to get mounting tape and tuck away??  Our technology is better then this.  Something that can just fit in an outlet and do the same job instead of wrapping yet more cords around?  I use the blue tooth but still have to have a wire from the device to the plug for power.The mount was useless and way over-sized.  This mount and my phone mount were battling for space over the vents blocking air to me.  So, I did manage to find a little spot wedged between the steering wheel and dash that could still hear me and function.  I drive a Toyota 2012 Rav4 and the wheel mount is a tad low since I am short.  Perfect fit in the crevice."	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto; do you need it? Is this for people who get in their car and then go through withdrawal not being able to say ""Alexa, what is the population of Tuva?"" and then argue you meant Tuva and not Tuba?The Echo Auto will connect with your cell phone and also your car's Bluetooth if you have it, if not, it goes through the aux to your car stereo. Echo will integrate your phone's contact list and voice-call; if you have hands-free and Bluetooth it's just like calling from your car hands-free except you can use Alexa voice app (some cars have voice recognition as well.)So here's the confusion; if you have a late model vehicle with the latest voice recognition and integration of phone and Bluetooth, Alexa is pretty much redundant. Yes, she will find things the auto system will not.  She will navigate (I still prefer Waze  but Echo uses Google Maps.)I had the ""lose Bluetooth Connection"" issue and while driving that sucks because you have to be parked or have a passenger to re-connect safely via the phone Alexa app. This may be a function of how unstable some Bluetooth is in Android phones or in automobiles but still, it's a glitch.The physical attributes are good; the sticky pad that fits in a socket on the back of the unit mounts on your dash  (I have mine in the screen's niche) and installation was smooth.You can pull up music from your phone; good as my car does not have a hard drive; it Bluetooth's any music from my phone but not easily and I won't mess with a phone while driving; voice is way better.Bottom line: if your car is already smart especially with a lot of voice-recognition, Echo Auto won't make it smarter. If you have an older model car or a base model without all the bells and whistles of current models, Echo Auto is pretty sweet.I did find that voice calling my friends versus scrolling on the screen is far better, less distraction.A marginal thumbs up but until it integrates with Waze and puts a display up on my monitor in the auto (like an Echo Show perhaps?) and until Alexa and Google smarten up, it's a nice-to-have but probably not that useful."	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Note: I am using this device with the audio jack into a cassette adapter for my 2002 Buick Century for reference. I cannot vouch for it using bluetooth to the car sound system.Ordered this by invitation early on for about $25 which I think is a good price for this device. Note that in order to use this you must bluetooth to a phone with a data connection or it doesn't work. Alexa doesn't work without internet.Pros:1. Just like Alexa you can request her play your pandora, TuneIn station, etc2. Make calls with your voice from your phone's contacts or manually saying the phone number3. Send a text/voice clip to contacts from your phone4. Request Alexa to navigate to a location (opens google maps on your phone)5. Can check weather and all and anything else you normally do with alexa.6. Easy to install/use. Device is small (instead of dashboard mounting it I placed it in my car's ashtray drawer which i pull out when I use her)Cons:1. Stays connected to your phone even after you turn the car off (no way to stop this unless you unplug the alexa or turn off your phone's bluetooth)2. Often has trouble understanding locations for navigation (asks for city/streetname when you specifically said it. Locations you've asked her to route to many times suddenly she doesn't recognize, if she doesn't understand you she asks to route to really random places. Normally i will manually start google maps on my phone and then connect alexa just to avoid having to get her to understand what I said the address was).3. Can take awhile to ""connect to your phone"" even if your phone says you are already connected4. Stops playing music when you ask her to do another command (like read a text that came in or something) Would prefer if this paused the music and then continued after5. Freezes often when asked to read texts that came in, especially if there are multiple texts. Her reading the texts also doesn't remove the new text notification. Doesn't have option to select which contact to read texts from (just reads all of them aloud if it doesn't freeze first)6. Doesn't tell you if you have an incoming call or text, you have to already know7. For the life of me I can't get alexa to hang up during a call (very awkward because you say bye but you need the other person to actually hang up or you press it on your phone manually)8. When running both music and navigation without fail after a long drive (1hr or more) she will start going haywire and you will need to unplug her (while driving) to reset her which is terrible. (Music will stutter for no reason, navigation instructions might not get said, its pretty bad).9. When calling seems to use regular mic instead of using speakerphone mic so sometimes people I'm calling have trouble hearing me. Also the calls come through loud in the car and the person can often hear themselves unless i turn the car volume down which weirds people out.10. Doesn't give delivery notifications for amazon orders (i love this feature in my full echo but the echo auto won't give me these notifications)11. If i have car on radio mode (remember I connect her via cassette adapter) I can't talk to her because she only talks through the car speakers. Wish she had the ability to make sound on her own like a regular alexa sometimes. (minor gripe)All in all this was worth the $25 bucks, but I hope they make some improvements because the issues are pretty significant."	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The main reason I purchased this was to I could play music from my Pandora and Amazon Music playlists via Alexa voice commends.  Most of the time for music it picks up my voice prompts pretty good, but about a week after starting to use it it developed an annoying issue.  Ill ask it to play one of my Pandora playlists and it will play one song from the playlist and then just stop.  I have to ask it to keep playing, or continue, or start over by asking it to play a playlist or genre of music.  I have no clue why it does this, and its not every time.	3	October 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve been testing out the Echo Auto for a few weeks now and I have to say that some updates are needed.The idea of this is really cool I like being able to have Alexa at the ready on the go  just like I do inside my home.The Echo auto came with a two port usb car charger so it’s great that it keeps in mind yo may want to charge your phone I do wish it supported Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 or 3.0.The vent mount a great addition it’s magnetic and strong enough to keep in place for bumps but the echo auto can easily be removed for storage when not in use.The size of the echo auto to me is also perfect is slim, light, and can be put nearly anywhere and not be an eye sore. The light bar I feel is the perfect length to be glanceable but not distracting when on the road.But there area few things that need to be improved before I can recommend this device to anyone.1st: Quicker reconnect after low to no service/internet connection. There were so many times where the music would just stop unexpectedly and when I tired to get Alexa to resume she responded with connection trouble issues. This wouldn’t be so bad if soon as I regained better service I could immediately resume play back but the echo would just quit all processes and take 5 minutes or even more to become usable again. I wish that there was more of a streaming buffer to make up for low service or dead zones when driving. The echo auto also needs to automatically resume where it left off when the connection is back. Right now you have to start from scratch once it’s usable again so if you’re in a playlist you’ve now lost your place and have to start all over.2: There were too many instances where I made a request and got nothing in return. I would even wait for the tone indicating it’s listening make a request get the confirmation tone and then nothing.You can adjust the response time in the Alexa app to suit your cars connection but this didn’t help and it wasn’t that there was a timing issue the echo auto just failed to complete or even acknowledge the received request.3: One of the main features talked about is Alexa giving you directions to your destination. This feature is useless! You say Alexa take me here and it just sends a notification to your phone to then open the app you choose for navigating. It’s much quicker to just use “Hey Siri” or “OK Google” instead.4: The microphones aren’t as great as they claim. There were many times that the echo auto couldn’t hear me over the wind noise or even over the music that was being played and I have this less than 3 ft from my mouth they say the mics should be able to hear you over that but I found my self turning down the music or rolling up the windows more than I should have to. The pictures I included are with me sitting in the driver’s seat so you can see it’s not far from me.5: The Alexa app will sometimes think I’m still in the car or connected to the echo auto even hours later when using the app at home or at my destination so opening to the warning screen when you know for a fact you’re not driving is a bit annoying, but it’s not the end of the world.(Lastly I wish when listening the music it gave the actual album instead of saying Apple Music but that’s minor ad probably not a big deal to most people)Now this isn’t all bad. I have an ADT security system so it’s great to disarm the system and unlock my door when parking using my voice or controlling my smart home devices on the go if I left the lights on or something. So being able to use the skills on the go is great. Anyway to keep or eyes on the road but be more productive using Alexa is great and beneficial to you and everyone else on the road.I feel like a lot of these issues could be resolved with a software update. But until that update has been pushed out, don’t buy this and just use the assistant on your phone.	2	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'm a big user of echo devices so I jumped at the chance to try Echo Auto in my car.Quick Summary: Frustrating product that I can't live without.My setup:I have a Mercedes-Benz and mount my iPhone to the front dash of my car.  My Echo Auto is kept in the middle compartment between the two front seats.  Lid closed.Observations:Everyone in the car can voice activate the Echo Auto, even though it is kept in a closed compartment in the middle of the front seats.  Front driver and passenger as well as both back seats can activate the Echo Auto.Voice recognition has never been an issue.Echo Auto connectivity to iPhone to Car & Internet are problematic, however.iPhone updates require constant rebooting of both the Echo and iPhone.In the morning, I’ll get into my car and the Echo Auto will typically ding instantly, alerting me that it is on and connected.  As I pull out of my driveway, I’ll normally tell the Echo Auto to give me the news or weather or play music.  It is at this time that my iPhone disconnects from my home wireless and causes a stutter in Internet connectivity.Echo Auto will let you know that it has lost connectivity with the long, drawn out sentence: “I’m having trouble connecting to the Internet right now, please try again later”.  WHICH IS TOO DANG LONG.  Say the long sentence once every 5 min at most, second repeats of the same information should be much much shorter.  Echo Auto will not tell you when it has reconnected to the Internet.  Instead you have to continually bark the same command to the Echo Auto, each time getting the long winded “I’m having trouble connecting to the Internet right now, please try again later”, response.  By the time the Echo Auto finally processes the instruction, I am yelling, cussing and insanely frustrated.  Oh, and by the way, I’m driving too.The Echo Auto should cache my command and tell me that it will process it as soon as it is able.  That way I only tell it to do something once, not 10 times.  And that way I don’t have to hear the insanely long sentence “I’m having trouble connecting to the Internet right now, please try again later” again and again.Complaints aside, its still a safer way to interact with the Internet than trying to manipulate your phone while driving.I use the Echo Auto to: get the news, check the weather, play music and play audiobooks.  I don’t use it for anything else.Minor quibble.  The Echo Auto interacts with Audible in an unintuitive way.  The iPhone Audible app and the Echo Auto keep their own place in my audio book.  So if I use the Echo Auto, I have to sync my Audible app.  The problem is that I’m only activating my Audible app because the Echo Auto has lost connection somehow and I’m blind with rage and just manually playing the book from the app.  Of course, the Echo Auto lost connection, so it also lost its place in my book because it couldn’t sync correctly.  This can be minutes or hours depending upon circumstance.  It isn’t intuitive that both apps (Audible and Alexa) don’t communicate except over the Internet.	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First off, I am glad I got this at the special invitation half-price or at $25.00.  Set-up was easy but that was about the only positive thing about this device.  It has to connect with your cell phone via the Alexa app by bluetooth in order to work.  It connects with my Iphone only half the time.  After you open the app, you have to click on the ""I am a passenger"" link for it to connect.  Sometimes (20% of the time at most) I don't have to open the app when I get in my car and it will connect.  You will know it is not connected if you ask a question and you don't see the blue light on the device stay on like on the regular Echos.  However, this link frequently doesn't pop up when you open the app giving you the feeling the app is connected but then when you ask Alexa a question, it will say, ""I am unable to connect at  this time"".  Or, I will find out it is not connected when I ask a question like what the weather forecast for the day is and Alexa will respond by telling me I need to update my address in settings in order to give me the information (even though my address is set-up already). but will check manually by telling her what city.  Then, when I say my city name, she can't find the city.As other reviewers have stated, you have to turn your volume up very high just to hear Alexa which is a pain because when you switch back over (from bluetooth which you have to be on to use Alexa) to your radio/CD/mp3, you will come close to blowing your speakers if you don't turn down your volume first - it doesn't have an auto-adjust volume.It advertises that the 8 or so microphones can hear you over music, A/C, and road noise - that is a bunch of BS.  If you live in a hot state and need the AC higher than level 3, the thing will not hear you.  If you have your sunroof open and your windows cracked, it won't hear you either until you come to a complete stop.  It was raining hard the other day and I had the windshield wipers on high and it could not hear me even with the radio volume turned off.  Keep in mind I have it mounted with the included vent mount in the closest one possible to my mouth.  Of course if you have your music on at a decent volume, you have to shout for it to hear you say ""Alexa"" but still won't hear your sentence until you turn down the volume.One feature not included with Echo Auto that all other Echo devices have is the follow-up feature where it will stay on after you ask the initial question so you can ask a follow-up question without having to say ""Alexa"" again.  I researched this and found that this feature is not available at this time.I should've returned this device as I was within my return time after figuring out this was a piece of crap but held on to it due to the price and thinking that there would be updates.  You can ask regular Echo's/Dots if there are any updates and they will check to see if they have the latest update.  Echo Auto tells you this feature is not available.In summary, I expected this device to be just like an echo dot/echo in my car but that is far from the truth.  If you notice the commercial on TV with Peyton Manning, he is sitting in the car with no radio on and it's not moving.  As of today, I see it is now selling at $39.00 and you don't have to request an invitation in order to purchase it anymore.  I would not recommend this device until they make massive improvements/updates.  This is supposed to be a ""convenience device"" but it is actually more of a pain to use than a convenience.  When you constantly have to look at your phone because it does not connect reliably to the app while driving, that is dangerous.  Now, they make you click the ""I'm a passenger"" link to cover themselves but how many people are actually not going to use it when they are driving by themselves????  If you decide to go ahead and buy it, make sure you set it up and test it right away the first few days so you will still be within your timeframe to return it when it disappoints you and doesn't meet and definitely doesn't exceed your expectations.  I'm surprised they released this device to be sold as it in way deserves to have the ""Echo"" name associated with it."	1	October 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use these in a couple of vehicles, one has factory bluetooth, but it is a work vehicle, and company policy requires my work phone to be connected via Blue Tooth, I choose to not use my company provided phone for any personal use, it is allowed, but its my choice. I have it connected to the vehicle via AUX port, and it works fine that way, when it wants to. The other vehicle is a Chrysler with UConnect, which has awful voice commands, and it an older version with no Android or Apple integration, once again, it works great, when it works.Way too often I have to factory reset these things, because out of the blue they stop working. If I didn't have to futz with them so often (once every couple of months) it would be a five star product, but that isn't how it is.	3	September 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I hooked it up, the Bluetooth worked to my phone but not from my phone to the radio so I had to use the cable. Well, that looked like crap but OK, I'll keep going. I finally got everything working together and tucked the cords into the ""cable holder"". Five minutes later the ""cable holder"" fell off. First-class stuff here. I shut the car off and go in the house and come back out and it won't work. You mean I have to reconnect every time I shut the car off???? Screw that. It might be good on long trips but as for now, it will sit in the glove box."	3	October 13, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was really hoping this would be awesome, but it turns out that it's just pretty good.  The mount was my first issue, with the wires and the vent clip it just didn't look great, so I created my own mount so I could hide the wires and move the device to my center console so it would still pickup my voice.  The navigation is very clunky, if I ask for basics like ""how's my commute"" Alex gives me the response I expect, but if I ask to navigate to a location it will send a prompt to my phone and tells me to open Google Maps, but then when I click that prompt it brings me to the app store to install Google Maps even though it's already installed, so after a couple weeks I still have not be able to use the navigate option.  Similar issues with Spotify, if I ask to play a playlist Alexa says I have to open the Spotify app first and then try again, but I do this and it still doesn't work.  The only thing that has worked so far is to start a playlist directly through Spotify and then I can control it through Alexa (skip songs or adjust volume, basically).This device really has some great potential but just isn't there yet.  The integration with 3rd party apps really needs some improvement, there's only so much value Echo Auto can provide if the only ""hands free"" option consists of manually controlling Google Maps and Spotify.  A bit disappointing."	3	May 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2012 Honda, and while I can make calls on the car's bluetooth, it won't stream music from my phone.  It also won't push my phone's navigation app through the car's speakers.  So, I purchased the Echo Auto hoping to solve all of this.  For the $14.99 I paid, it works... ok.  I would have returned it had I paid the full amount.I had 3 basic things I was after:1.  The ability to stream music through my car's speakers2.  The ability to access/add to my lists and reminders3.  The ability to hear navigation through my car's speakersI'd rate everything about a 'C'.The first thing I found annoying was dealing with the cords.  The plugin for power is at the bottom of my dash, but the auxiliary is in the console in the car's center.  With a manual shift, it means I have to navigate a cord while shifting.I find that I often have to give a command twice (or more) before Alexa responds.  I usually give up after a couple of tries.The thing I find the most irritating, though, has to do with listening to music.  I started listening to an album as I headed out to run errands.  The first thing I noticed was not only did it not automatically start back up again after shutting off and then starting the car back up, it didn't keep my place in the album (saying 'resume' gets me the same album, but starts back at the beginning).  If I ask Alexa to start at a certain song, it just plays that song and stops.  Or, if I ask it to jump forward 5 tracks...  it only goes to the next one (as a bonus, after repeating 'next track' about 10 times, I got a message saying it had reached the end (it hadn't) and was starting over.  It appears that my phone does save the spot, but that I'll have to start my car,  make sure Alexa has booted up, hit 'play' on my phone's app, and THEN take off.  Seriously??I did some digging into troubleshooting, and these same issues are dated back 2 years, so Amazon doesn't seem to be keen to address any of them.For the $15, I got my money's worth.  But that's about as much value as I got out of it.So, basically, it'll do some really basic things...  ok.  Nothing worth bragging about.	3	June 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So let me start out by saying that I was so happy to order this because I felt that the phone app using Siri To open Amazon Music was a little glitchy to start Plus it was an extra step to have to get Siri to open Amazon Music which then you could talk to Alexa there after.  It didn’t always register when And it would get me frustrated.So I decided to take a crack at it and Buy this device due to its $35 price point. I had no problem spending the money to directly talk to Alexa In my car without having to touch my phone. I have a 2012 G 37 just so you all know the features I have. This car has the USB in the center console box which directly connects and Apple iPod or phone to it to play music directly as a MP3 player. I have the echo auto hooked up to the lighter power supply under the stereo. The reason I have the phone directly hooked up to the USB iPod port is because the Bluetooth with the Amazon auto for some reason is not very responsive unless you have the phone hooked up directly. When you give Alexa commands in the car it is a delayed reaction at best. Most times it will not resume playing music once you leave the car and get back in even if you say Alexa resume music. Most times you have to really command Alexa to start planning a certain artist Or playlist. Which sucks because then everything starts over again and you end up listening to the same song down the road shortly afterwards. When do you leave a Wi-Fi area such as outside of your house or in your garage there is a gap of time where it will not play music because it Has to disconnect and connect to cellular. I have found once in a while that it does not disconnect but most times it disconnects until it finds the cellular signal. I also have an Amazon watch which seems to help when the music stops out of nowhere. Since the watch will list the tracklist you can press play or pause from that. I find success pressing play on my Apple Watch when I leave the car and get back in. Like I said for some reason it does not like when you leave the car for any amount of time. It tends to disconnect And sometimes just stutter random parts of songs when you get back in after leaving the vehicle. This is probably the most annoying part which makes me start yelling at Alexa.I really do believe that there needs to be some kind of update for this device to become something way more than what it currently is. I would love to talk really good about this to my friends and family and encourage everyone to buy one but like other people saying reviews listed here it’s a miss from Amazon. I gave it three stars but most likely would’ve gave it two because I have managed to be able to figure out ways around the glitches for my specific vehicle. I don’t really feel that I should have to directly wire my phone for it to work properly.	3	December 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First off - full disclosure:  I received this item for free.  My Auto Insurance company offered to give me one for free and I took them up on it.  I had looked at these before and decided against buying one because I didn't see a real use for it - for me personally...That said - for free - why not.  I have a ""stripped down"" truck without any kind of fancy infotainment system or pretty screen and so I decided to give it a go.Setup:  I think maybe the setup instructions were either too easy - or - not clear enough.  I (user error) messed up the install and had to start over.  Once I realized what I did wrong the fist try - it went better.I have it mounted on a flat space on my steering wheel column with some velcro strips (so I could hide the power cable and not block an air vent.)  So far - so good.Operation:  Imagine having an Echo Dot in your car.  It's kinda like that.  :)  In ""normal"" driving conditions the device is really good at hearing the wake word and correctly hearing my commands.  It does let me control my smart devices at home and that is really awesome.  I tried sending announcements to the Echo Dots in my house and it all works exactly as you'd expect - my wife says I sound ""creepy"" LOL!  Making a phone call works as expected because my phone knows to use my cars bluetooth connection and the vehicle microphones.Getting driving directions is sort of a kludge.  You have to answer a notification on your phone.  It works.  But it's not life changing.Playing music is cool.  I like being able to advance to the next track without having to touch anything, and I was able to use this solution overall to get rid of my SiriusXM subscription and just stream my Apple or Amazon Music.Issues:Once or twice the device just stopped listening (it seemed).  Turning bluetooth off/on and/or restarting the Alexa app seems to fix this the two or three times it has happened.The more strange issue is that sometimes I ask Alexa to play a station on iHeart Radio, and that worked fine at first  Then it seems to have stopped working - now I just get a message saying that the station is not available for live streaming - even though I can live stream the station using the app on my phone...Overall - I'm glad I have it, and I'm a little torn.  I want to love it, but I'm not quite there.  For the money (if you can get it discounted at all), if you have a dumber vehicle like me and have Alexa ruling your house already... Then this might be a good addition for you.  I do hope they keep improving alexa and device integration in general.  I can't say I would have paid full price for this knowing what I know so far, but, I am glad that I've got it."	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	August 11 2021 updateR.I.P. Echo Auto. And good riddance. I tried REALLY hard to put up with all the idiosyncratic behavior of the Echo Auto.  The device had a lot of promise, but never really delivered anything more than a boatload of frustration. Fussy in the extreme, it was difficult to keep connected to my iOS device (when I WANTED to use it, that is. When I wasn’t in my car it was CONSTANTLY sending messages to my phone ‘Echo Auto is ready to travel!’). Using the Amazon Music app on my phone while driving was guaranteed to hose up the Echo Auto connection too. I finally got SO tired of hearing “Sorry…..” I just grabbed it and tossed it out the window of my car in the mountains of West Virginia.** Updated 8 December, 2019 **Amazon Support read my original review, and called me to discuss my issues and offer some potential resolution. I spoke at length with a very friendly, knowledgeable technician. Some of the suggestions offered were a bit onerous to carry out, but at the end of it all, there was some noticeable improvement in the Echo Auto's performance. The condition I described where playback speed varied wildly (Barry White to the Chipmunks) ceased and has not come back. The very annoying non-responsiveness issue has been mostly eliminated, as well as the choppy, clipped device voice responses. For the most part, the Echo's responses sound exactly like those of my home devices. Now I notice it only sporadically, mostly when I'm in areas with a very poor cellular signal.Cellular signal still seems to be what determines how well the device functions, though I note there has been a considerable decrease in the 'having trouble connecting to the network' messages. Surprisingly, poor signal strength hasn't impacted the device's ability to connect to my smartphone and deliver driving directions to the navigation app I'm using. I've tested this with Apple Maps, Google Maps, and Waze, and have found the Echo Auto to do a good job with all three.So, yeah. Still room for improvements, but between my conversation with Amazon Support and software updates from Amazon, the device has come a long way forward. I feel fairly confident that - while the device probably won't ever match the performance of your countertop Echo device - it's approaching that level. I still think that the ability to sense and play locally stored music is something Amazon should be working towards, but overall, the device is no longer the horrible, dismal object I first reviewed. I've updated my review to 4 stars based on my daily use of the Echo Auto in a variety of uses, from daily commuting to long, multi-state trips, in good weather and inclement.** Original Review **Really a disappointment. There really isn’t one thing about this device I can point to and say ‘This works well’. Set up was fussy, and had to be repeated several times before it was successful. The sound quality is atrocious. I’m not talking about the quality of music playback through my car speakers, I’m referring to the broken up Alexa voice - partial words, skips, and stutters as the device talks to you.And that’s when it actually chooses to speak. At least half of my commands after the wake word go unanswered. I’ll speak the wake word, the device lights up and makes its ‘ready’ noise, is lit as I speak, then it goes back to sleep. At first I thought it was due to poor cellular signal, but the same thing happens whether I’ve got one bar or five. At times I’ll hear a response saying it’s having a hard time connecting to the network, and I can understand that, but this business with hearing my command without ANY response is really annoying.Ok, music playback - sometimes it’s really good. But then there are those times when music alternates between sounding like Barry White and Alvin and the Chipmunks. Why doesn’t this device know that I have music downloaded to my phone? Why does EVERYTHING have to be streamed? It has Bluetooth, right?All-in-all, it’s a good idea, but poorly executed. Don’t be TOO sad if your invitation for it wasn’t answered yet. Maybe Amazon will figure out some of these kinks by the time you get yours.	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Ok...  Full disclosure: I really, REALLY wanted this to work.  I'm kind of a psuedo-Echo/Alexa fanatic.  I have various types of Echoes all over my house and I have found soooo much help and fun with the them/her (Alexa). So as soon as they announced that there'd be an Echo for my car and I was invited to get one of the first shipped out, I put my name in on the request list.  Eight to nine months later, I got my chance to order one (much to the chagrin of my wife).  If you don't know, Echo-auto works through your Alexa app on your cell phone (ie, it uses 4G/5G streaming data). The Echo-auto module is about the size of a dozen or so business cards stacked together (conveniently small) and connects to your phone via a bluetooth connection. It gets its power from a USB ""cigarette lighter"" adapter and comes with a audio patch cable (male on both ends) to connect to your car stereo, so that Alexa and all your streaming content is palyed through your existing speakers (NOTE: the Echo-auto DOES NOT have any speakers or audio out of itself). The Echo-auto to car stereo connection can also be established via bluetooth, if your vehicle is so equipped.  The connection between Echo-auto and the car stereo is very good-- rugged tehnology with which I have yet to see ANY problem at all.  This is using either the audio cable or using a bluetooth connection.  Unfortunately, the bluetooth connection between the Echo-auto and the Alexa app on your phone is NOT so rugged.  It seems that this ""fragile"" connection gets dropped fairly frequently and you must re-initialize the connection from the Alexa app on your phone. So, instead of the Echo-auto being ""hands-free"" while you drive, you either must fiddle with your phone while keeping an eye on the road (NOT a recommended action-- very UNSAFE!) or you'll have to pull over and stop (being much more safe, but NOT convenient) to get the app and the Echo to connect.  This app-to-Echo connection can drop simply going around a corner, going between large buildings, or (perhaps understandably) going into a parking garage or tunnel. I've tested this downtown, in the suburbs, in the mountains, and in the desert with nothing else around (I live in the Phoenix area). I also have tested it at ALL hours of the day/night (I work 24 hour shifts).  Now before you say anything, yes, I additionally have tried this with several different people's phones ( varying brands and models) and with any phone OS that can run the Alexa app.  I've tried it in different cars/trucks/RV's, etc., too. I have NOT tried another actual Echo-auto module yet, though-- only with my original module-- so could be that I got a ""lemon"". However, I have contacted other Echo-auto owners and they say they've had similar dropped connection issues. I have been studying this for several months (I told you I'm kind of an Echo fanatic, right?). As I said, I REALLY wanted this to work. It has been very frustrating; no matter what I tried, it wouldn't work reliably.  Now, since I am an avowed fanatic, I took the onus upon myself and set up one of my Echo Dots in my car-- using a ""pure sine wave"" inverter for the power and the Echo Dot connects to the internet via my phone as a ""hotspot"".  Yes, this seems klugee.  But you know what?  It WORKS!!!  Solid, rugged, reliable AND I'm enjoying ALL my Alexa functions and fun just as if I were home. NO HANDS!  Only pure voice commands and recognition-- she (Alexa) still even knows my voice and calls me by name. Ok, pervs, that is as far as my Alexa relationship goes, so quit smirking.  Note to Amazon: I would still be happy to evaluate your next generation(s) of Echo-auto.  This one, however, should be recalled, not just replaced. Sorry guys.....  To you fellow Amazon consumers, the Echo/Alexa product line is really cool. So, try it out.  Wait, though, on getting the Echo-auto until next gen. And thanks for your patience in reading this LONG review."	2	December 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have been using this device for a while now. Getting it set up I had no issues like so many that I have read about.  Overall, it works fine.  Hears my voice and recognizes what I am saying regardless of car noise or even my daughter having a meltdown in the back seat.  I have never had an issue with command response.  I like that I have 2 mounting options.  One rubber mounting pad with adhesive and a vent mount.  The adhesive has been solid for 4 months now but Illinois is not known for sunny warm winter months so we will see come summertime.  The cord doesn't bother me because I have a usb port on my front dash so it keeps the cord out of the way.  I would be frustrated if my only power option was a center console.  I have had no connection issues after starting my car.  It connects perfect every time.  Most of the issues I have regarding blue tooth or connectivity are the fault of Mazda.  Overall I am very happy with it.  A few issues that do irritate me A LOT.  1. I'm not sure if this is phone related or Alexa app related, but if I turn my car off, say Alexa Stop or any other means of interrupting the song it will start over from the beginning as soon as Alexa powers back on.  I can turn my car off in the middle of a song, come back a few hours later, start my car and the song just automatically starts playing again from the beginning.  After a few hours I tend to forget that I might have had the volume up and there is nothing like getting blasted by an unexpected song while sitting in the quiet after starting my car.  Auto play needs to go away or allow me to disable it Fully.  My iphone auto play could be disabled but it never failed that in my car it would always play so it must be part of the Alexa app.  2. Direction integrations are terrible.  Hands free means free from using hands...I shouldn't have to do anything with the Alexa app.  Driving along and I say Alexa get me directions to Whatever...She says getting directions but they are never displayed on my phone because the app doesn't auto wake my phone. So I thought maybe she will just give me turn by turn voice guidance....nope nothing.  So I have to grab my phone unlock it, open the Alexa app, tell the app I am a passenger and then ask for direction again.  Alexa says again...getting directions, opens maps and then I am greeted with the ""It looks like you're not navigating right now"" response and nothing happens.  I am just looking at a map.  I ask again for directions, she says getting directions and nothing loads on the map.  I can go to the Alexa app and go to my list of recent input and then select it from there.  Or I can just ask my phone for directions and its done.  If either of these can be corrected on my end I would like that information."	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to like the Echo Auto.  I wanted to LOVE the Echo Auto.  Heck, I was SO excited about this, that I’ve been pinging Amazon regularly, since they first sent out a notification of this, wanting to make sure I got in on the beta program...and bought it the MOMENT I was finally sent the coveted invitation for one.Unfortunately, there are a couple of major issues with it.First—I wanted an Echo device I could carry with me—plug into my car, and use it the same way I use my Echo devices at home.Well, that’s not the way it works.  To use this, you MUST have the Alexa app open on your phone.  In fact, all you’re really doing, is talking THROUGH the device—to the Alexa app on your phone.  Which means...everything is laggy.  Also, unless you keep your phone plugged in, it drains the batteries on your phone.  So now you’re plugging in your phone AND your Echo—which is MUCH more than I wanted to do.Second...it has problems connecting.  REALLY bad problems connecting and staying connected.  Some people manage it—many don’t.  (Go ahead and Google “problems connecting Echo Auto”!). I had nothing but trouble.  I would walk through the setup on on my Alexa app...and it would say it was connected.  The device would flash the way it was supposed to.  BUT—if I tried to ask it to do anything, the light would just pulse at me, and nothing would happen.  Or I would get a notification that the device wasn’t connected, and I needed to connect it.This happened whether I used bluetooth or connected via Aux...and despite trying on multiple occasions...for probably a total of two and a half hours of testing, all together—I never once got the device to do anything I asked it to do...never got it to respond to me vocally.  (Although it DID every now and then say, “HELLO” when I went through the connection process—and I WILL say that the sound was rich and full—but it was coming through the device itself, not through my car’s speakers.  Still—kudos for the excellent sound!)As to what I wanted it to do...well, I wanted it to tell me the temperature, set reminders, and play music.  Nope.  Couldn’t do any of those things, since it never seemed to know if it was connected or not.  Oh—and if you want it to play music, apparently you also have to use the Amazon Music app on your phone—again, draining the battery—and sort of nullifying the point of the device itself.All in all...it was an incredibly frustrating experience...and I got nothing for my discounted $24.99 but a lot of headaches.The device itself—is cute, and small...and it has a nice magnetic holder....and, as I said, the sound from the device itself is rich and full—but that’s about all the good I can say for it.  :/As a product manager myself, I find myself wondering what they were thinking this could offer that we (the public) can’t already get from our own phones...and considerably easier and faster.  (My phone hooks up to my car within a couple of minutes of me getting in, regardless of whether I want it to or not—and can play through the car speakers, plugged in, or via bluetooth, when I switch to “Aux” on my car stereo...as well as sending and receiving calls regardless of whether I’m on Aux or not.  And yes, my car IS on the list of supported cars for the Echo Auto...and yes, bluetooth DOES work, and yes, I tried all the steps that Amazon support recommended to help with connecting...it just never worked.  :/)You may be one of the lucky ones, and have it hook up right away.  If so—I still have to wonder, what you’re getting from this device that you couldn’t already have with your phone.Until it operates *independently* of your phone—once you’ve set it up, I mean—just as the home devices do—I see little to no value for this cute little piece of hardware.  (Well, and they also need to fix the connectivity issues!)	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am actually a delivery associate for Amazon. I figured using this device will allow me to be hands-free while delivering packages. This turned out to be a terrible choice for delivering seeing as how the device turns off every time I turn off my truck. After every delivery I have to tell Alexa to play my music or continue doing whatever I had her doing. Try that 200 times a day I never really get to listen to music or answer a phone call.	3	October 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I drive an older model vehicle and a stick shift. I personally don't like to dork around in my car when I drive. My old Bluetooth was great, but it died and did not take voice commands. So I thought I would try this.Setup was a pain in the rear because my Alexa account would not sync with my in car echo - it turned out if I turned off my wifi on my phone I could get them to sync. I don't drive a lot, but when I drive it's usually a four hour trip. So if I didn't drive for a week or two the device would need to re-pair. And every time it had to pair again, I would have to turn off my wifi and wait anywhere from 4 to 7 minutes for it to pair.I could ask her to send text messages or make phone calls, but the thing about Alexa is that she can't pronounce half the people I know, so instead of sending a message to Mac she would message my mom or anyone else whose name starts with an M. She also has serious issues with the name Hugh. And would tell me she could not find You in my contacts. When it worked it sends your message and an audio message of you speaking. This is good as Alexa would often leave out key words in my messages. Like No, Don't, Can't. So if you message someone and say I can't make it tonight she would say you can make it tonight, if you changed can to can not, she doesn't say the not part.In addition the Alexa app doesn't seem to let you play Audible podcasts, without physically taking out your phone and selecting it. If you use another podcast service, you will be much better off. Alexa also starts my Audible books in some weird places - since Audible is an Amazon company you would think these two services work well together, they do not.One day I was asking for directions to a specific location and she could not help me. So I pulled over and used the other large company that has directions. Then I tried making a phone call and she did not recognize my contacts. I tried playing some music and she couldn't find the artist. At this point I removed Alexa from my car and for stress relief I beat the tar out of the thing with a hammer.When it worked I could drop in at home, I could send announcements, I could turn on talk radio for the dogs at home. I could get answers to burning questions. When it did not work, I found it was usually in an emergency or dire situation when you actually need it.When technology works - it's great. When it doesn't work, it's frustrating and futile. Amazon needs to do a little more app development.	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have a 2017 Honda Ridgeline. I didn't pay for the highest model, so the Bluetooth integration is adequate but not top of the line (I didn't pay for the Apple carplay). Without going into detail, I was hoping this would improve my experience.To some extent it has, and in others it has not. I'll provide some examples:1. Setup was easy. I had no issue there.2. The mount and charger are fine, I appreciate they realized I would need to charge my phone and Alexa Auto.3. The mount however takes up a lot of the vent space, and if I need to see Waze to navigate an unfamiliar area it does not allow for that. I don't always need the visual map, but in the city and some places, it helps. I think they should find a way to place Alexa elsewhere (also would allow it to stay setup without fear of theft).4. I saw in other reviews it isn't create at launching Waze or directions to locations. It works for me to get Home or to Work (standard locations that are configured), but other location..nope. I tried say ""Alexa, how do I get to <insert restaurant name> in Newton, MA"" and it just beeped at me.5. I have found my phone dies quicker if I don't force shut down the Alexa app after use. I will launch it when I get out of the car and it will ask that I confirm I am the passenger. So, even when I am not operating the car, it thinks I am. I get in the car and the connection is seamless, but it seems when I exit the car it is doing something to kill my battery until I open the Alexa app and then close it all manually.6. My largest problem is the interface with my car's Bluetooth. I am not sure how to articulate it, or if its Amazon's issue or not. I get in the car. My phone connect to my car's Bluetooth and the Alexa Auto. If I don't have my car stereo on Bluetooth and I ask Alexa something, it doesn't respond. I HAVE to have my car on Bluetooth, or disconnect my phone from the car and not Alexa. So, I can't be listening to FM radio and ask Alexa anything to hear her response. I really need it to recognize that Bluetooth/AUX isn't being broadcast through the car, and use its native speaker. I don't see away around this if I want to have Alexa call someone, and then allow me to hear that someone via my car speakers.7. I wish I could tell Alexa to message someone and have it either go as an SMS to the phone number in my contacts, or not as a voice file in the Alexa App.8. I would love to be able to say Alexa read my text messages, but I imagine Apple or other phones won't allow that, so I would settle for an outbound SMS. Not sure how to tackle that.In conclusion. Other versions of this device likely be the way to go. Best to way for 2.0. It kills me to say that because I have so many Alexa devices and they are integrated with lights and my Roku TV, etc."	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I picked one up on a presale, as my car only has weak integration with Siri, and I use a Pixel 3 XL.Setup was pretty simple, and the device is small enough that I quickly ditched the vent holder, and ended up keeping it in my center console.Echo Auto can execute just about every skill I threw at it. ""Alexa, tell Spotify to play Chvrches"". ""Alexa, set the living room temperature to 72 degrees"". ""Alexa, where is the nearest gas station?"" things all seemed to work reasonably well, but with caveats.Calling Alexa produces a fast visual response on the Echo Auto, but there's a huge delay between that and the tone it broadcasts over Bluetooth. The visual cue on the Echo Auto is the one to trust, but that means taking your eyes off of the road. Asking Alexa for directions or other location information is more of a conduit to Google Maps on an Android phone. In fact, a lot of what Alexa does on Android seems to be a conduit for a Google app that could just as easily be replaced by turning on Google Assistant. (Admittedly, Echo Auto is far better at reliably answering ""Alexa,"" than Google Assistant is responding to ""Okay, Google.""A few interesting things I noticed:*Asking ""Alexa, do I have any messages?"" seemed to cause random text messages to be read. And, Alexa isn't smart enough to know that text messages with attachments are, well, text messages with attachments .So you might get ""Message from Jane Doe, received Tuesday, October eight, at three fifty eight p. m... I-M-G-zero-zero-zero-zero-zero-one-six-two-seven-dot-j-p-g."" (Note to Amazon: It would be nice if it was just ""file attached"" or ""Jane sent a picture"".)*Asking car-centric questions produced some interesting results. ""Alexa, how far am I from home?"" sometimes produced an accurate answer. Sometimes it didn't. ""Alexa, how fast am I going?"" produced a weird ""Sorry, I didn't get a response from the BT module. Please check to make sure it is connected and has power."" Similarly, asking ""Alexa, how much gas do I have left?"" came up with a response other than ""Hmm, I'm not sure about that."" So, it would seem that there are some future plans for Echo Auto.*The wheels of Echo Auto seemed to fall off when I received calls. I don't know if this is Echo Auto not knowing what to do with an incoming call (doubtful) or the integrated hands-free system in my Acura trying to grab control with a call (likely), but every call I received needed to be answered manually on the phone.If you don't have any sort of phone integration in your car, Echo Auto is useful, and there's a lot of growth potential. But for a lot of every day things, it isn't great. At least, not yet. When we can get to Alexa reading the most recent message(s) and offering to respond, I think we'll be a lot closer."	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After being in the Google Assistant ecosystem for some time, the Echo Auto was my first step back into using Alexa. While it has been neat having a dedicated device as a voice assistant in the car, and it is great to hook into various Alexa skills and routines such as controlling smart home devices, I fail to see pros for the Echo Auto as a device compared to other options already available on the phone it relies on.I primarily use the Echo Auto as a Bluetooth adapter for my car's stereo to play music. This works somewhat effectively, but I often encounter Bluetooth glitches where the audio either drops or otherwise messes up (higher pitch, robotic modulation, higher tempo). I tend to see more glitches with the Echo Auto device than a much cheaper, basic, non-Alexa enabled Bluetooth adapter I found on Amazon.The capabilities afforded by Alexa are nice on the Echo Auto. However, again I often run into software problems with them. Regularly, I will ask Alexa something, and instead of answering the device crashes and has to boot again (""Just a moment,"" pulsing dark blue light). Very recently, pretty much any location based query would cause the device to reboot after getting one or two words into the response (""Alexa, is Safeway open?"" ""Safeway on <crash>""). The software overall seems perhaps half baked. This makes the device not very compelling, especially when compared to the options available on the phone I already have, and that this device relies on. I often find myself asking Siri instead of Alexa questions on locations, to navigate, or anything else that the Echo Auto may have been useful for, simply because the Echo cannot hear, crashes, or otherwise works in a way I did not expect. Siri was already on my phone for free, so I do not see a compelling reason to pay money for an Echo Auto. Additionally, if I wanted to talk to Alexa, I can already do so using the Alexa app on my phone.While it is nice to have a separate box dedicated to interfacing with Alexa in the car, with good quality microphones and its own in-car interface to boot, the half baked software and Bluetooth glitches do not make it a compelling purchase."	3	November 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to bring Alexa into my car using the invite only version of Echo Auto. Without a wireless plan that includes mobile hot spot, I was initially concerned I wouldn't be able to use it without incurring an expense from my mobile provider. Fortunately, there was enough feedback on the product that I realized I would only need network connectivity to have the Alexa App opened on my phone to use the Echo Auto.Set up wasn't an issue, and I had the device affixed to my dashboard and ready to go through a commute to work in just a few minutes. Road and wind noise were not a problem for the array of microphones on the device. Alexa heard me clearly and delivered my morning routine of weather, traffic and news during my drive to work.The problems started with my commute home. I ascend from an underground parking garage and merge with busy traffic every afternoon. My mobile network doesn't kick in until I'm clear of the garage and into traffic. The Echo Auto will not let you engage with it while it senses your car is in motion. Boston traffic does not allow me to conveniently pull over, turn off my car and get Echo Auto going again. It almost defeats the purpose of having Alexa as a companion if it's complicated to have her ready once a car is in motion and with network connectivity. It is a distraction while driving to have to read a message saying you can't establish a connection with the device while driving.I used it for the bulk of a work week but became so frustrated I went back to another digital assistant for my commuting routines.At about that time I started having issues with my 3rd generation Echo Dot connecting to my soundbar at home. Alexa would connect, as evidenced by the unique tones that indicate a successful connection, but there was no audio coming from the soundbar. I found a work around by using my phone to cast music to my soundbar, confirming it wasn't malfunctioning at all.Eventually, my troubleshooting my Echo Dot revealed the issue: The connectivity of The Alexa App with my Echo Auto is also associated with the volume on my Echo Dot!While Echo Auto does bring Alexa into the car with strong microphones, it's safety first functionality might prevent you from making the most of it while also effecting other Echo devices you have. It got me to thinking that a path to consider might be an Echo Auto App rather than a separate device. Make it functional with the wake command, and people can then use Alexa in the car through the phone they're already familiar with. Better yet, since navigation and directions are pulled from your default source, finding a way to make maps appear on every vehicles head unit(via Bluetooth or wired connection) would make the app valuable to Amazon competitors like Google and Apple. Alexa would be an Auto hub of sorts. For now, I no longer use the Echo Auto, but I appreciated the effort as it's quite promising.	3	October 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I applied for an invite for this device mainly because I wanted to hear my Amazon music.  I have a 2017 Hyundai--it has built in Bluetooth,  navigation and phone calling--but it will not allow me to download the Amazon apps.  It only has one CD slot, which was dissapointing.  My phone is a Samsung S10+.  My carrier is Verizon.  I have tried the Android Auto app, but didn't like it.  Below are the pros and cons of this product based on my equipment.Pros:  My device came with a stick on the dash magnetic mount only--no vent mount.  It works.  It wasn't too hard to set up, but I do wish that I had noticed and read the 'Welcome to Amazon Auto'  email before attempting.  The music sounds good through the car speakers.  It's wonderful to be able to communicate with Alexa while driving.  Making a phone call using Alexa is easier than communicating with my car.  Alexa remembers where we leave off on our music playlist.Cons:  I live in a hot climate, so leaving the unit on the dash while parked for any length of time in the summer is not feasible.  I hate the cord.  Occasionally the volume fades in and out while driving.  In addition,  I don't like having to: 1. Turn up the volume on my phone when I get into the car  2.  Set my stereo unit to Bluetooth EVERY time  3.  Afterwards, repeatedly having to swipe off the music notification on my phone and tablets even after the Amazon Auto is not connectedI first tried out this product when I was going back and forth visiting my Mom in the hospital.  At that time (since I was leaving my home unattended for lengthy periods) I was also trying out the Alexa ""Guard"" feature.  I was upset to find that my phone was quickly eating up my monthly data allotment.  First time I ever got a warning from Verizon.  I finally determined that the Amazon Auto wasn't the main culprit (I wasn't streaming the music, I was playing from the phone's downloaded music)--the Alexa GUARD option was the problem.  I still haven't gotten around to asking Amazon why the Guard feature continually eats up my monthly data.  My phone, luckily, has a long battery life, so using my Amazon Auto for music and Alexa features isn't an issue for me.In conclusion, this product is OK.  I personally find that I don't bother going through the trouble of setting this unit up in my car unless I'm traveling longer distances.  Otherwise, it's just not worth the effort.  It might be more useful for someone who has a vehicle that doesn't have navigation and hands free calling abilities."	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've been wanting this for years but knew the initial execution would be a challenge so, I'm not surprised the device isn't all I hoped for.𝗖𝗼𝗿𝗱𝘀: ★★☆☆☆- 𝗖𝘂𝗿𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲: I hate visible cords and this has a̲t̲ l̲e̲a̲s̲t̲ one (power) and possibly a second if you need to connect the device to your vehicle's stereo via an aux (3.5mm) cord.- 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: Offer the option to charge or remain on corded power which eliminates the need to remain tethered.𝗠𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝗶𝗻𝗴/𝗣𝗹𝗮𝗰𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: ★★☆☆☆- 𝗖𝘂𝗿𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲: The device seemingly can only be mounted on a vent. This might be great for some but for others, it's not. I currently live in a very cold part of the country and as such often need to turn on the heat.- 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: Offer a visor mounting option (along with charging ability)𝗩𝗼𝗶𝗰𝗲 𝗥𝗲𝗰𝗼𝗴𝗻𝗶𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻: ★★★★★- 𝗖𝘂𝗿𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲: Voice recognition is better than I expected. The device recognized my voice over road noise and music.- 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: I found that none was needed.𝗔𝗹𝗲𝘅𝗮 𝗜𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗴𝗿𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻: ★☆☆☆☆- 𝗖𝘂𝗿𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲: The way in which it integrates really makes me thing the device itself isn't relevant in any meaningful way. To connect, it uses the app on the phone. So, my immediate question becomes - Why do I need this device when I already have my phone?- 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: Create an app that runs Alexa directly through the phone. In other words, create an Echo Show app, allow it to work in the same way the Echo Show does but eliminate some features for safety while driving (movie & TV show playback for example). This will allow me (everyone) to keep Alexa in the car but without additional devices and cords; no middle man between Alexa and my stereo. Additionally - work directly with Apple to create this app in a way that allows it to integrate with Apple CarPlay, what I use day-in and day-out. I love Alexa but I don't see it replacing CarPlay for me. Beyond this, don't rely on my phone network. In fact, don't connect to my phone at all. Amazon is large enough and tech-focused enough to build in network capabilities that don't impact the cost substantially and remove the need to connect to the customer's phone.𝗔𝗽𝗽𝗹𝗲 𝗖𝗮𝗿𝗣𝗹𝗮𝘆 𝗜𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗴𝗿𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻: ☆☆☆☆☆- 𝗖𝘂𝗿𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲: Non-existant?It, in some ways, hinders the ability to effectively use CarPlay, the two seem to compete with each other. I've come to rely heavily on Apple CarPlay for Maps, Spotify and safely communicating while driving. This device makes that complicated.- 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: Rethink this device with CarPlay in mind, or better yet, see (and follow) my above comments regarding Alexa Integration.𝗦𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝗤𝘂𝗮𝗹𝗶𝘁𝘆: ★★★★★- 𝗖𝘂𝗿𝗿𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲: I connected my phone to the stereo via an aux cord, via a lightening cord, via Bluetooth and through the Echo Auto device. The Echo Auto device had similar sound quality to other connections with no noticeable difference.- 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁: I found that none was needed.I installed this device in my vehicle before leaving for a ~2,000 mile drive. Near the end of the drive I disconnected the device and, as it stands today, have no plans to reconnect it.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Note my review is based on usage for which the product was not designed. So if you’re using it for a car, you may not want to read this. However, you may want to be aware of comparisons for whatever reason…I use an Echo Dot for my pool music - connected to an amp; so audio quality shouldn’t matter -  it it does. I only chose to do this because my dot got wet and this was on sale. Since I connect to an amp, I figured it wouldn’t matter which Echo device I used. I don’t know if it’s a weaker gain or what, but the volume from my amp was much lower with this device. I had to crank the amp to 7-8 when it was usually set to 3-4. Also, the dot would pick up my voice better (outdoors with ambient noise) than the auto. I only used it with a direct analog cable connection; did not compare with Bluetooth.Again, these items may not be an issue in the car scenario it was designed for, but I would consider it an inferior device to the dot.	3	June 24, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like having this device, even though there are a lot of things I don’t like. I do not aim to make this a bash-sesh on the designer, but hope it helps improve future design. I don’t like that she came with an air vent holder. I don’t like my air vents blocked, I don’t like my air vents being incapable of adjustment, and I don’t like hot air heating up my e-devices. She seems to sort of magnet into the holder slot, which is fine, except she falls out of it often. Fortunately, her voice recognition is so good, that when I try to find her, she hears me and answers back (which is tricky because I drive a big truck and she can fall pretty far away from me).I don’t like that I haven’t yet figured out a tidy way to secure all the loose cords that are now dangling around. I don’t like that I have to log in to my phone to open the app to get her to communicate with me. I don’t like that when my Alpine stereo shorted out, she refused to speak through my phone. With the radio out, she was out too. I don’t like the way it connects to maps to give directions, so I HIGHLY recommend you just use your phone or a real GPS of your choice.I do like that when I have a question while driving, she can sometimes answer it. I do like that she can run my Amazon music for me without me touching my phone. I like that she can play HeadsUp to entertain me when I’m traveling on the road. I like that this is a very small device. I like that even though she has fallen off my vents multiple times, she is durable enough to handle it (so far).I like that I can tell her to do things to prepare the house for my arrival when I am heading home from somewhere - like turn up the heat, or turn on the driveway light. I am worried about her sitting in a parked car in the Vegas sun all summer tho - or any hot weather location for that matter.I live with most of the members of the Echo Family in my house, so I was on pins and needles for the release of Echo Auto, and while it is sort of fun to have in the car, it is not all that I was hoping for, and it feels much more novelty than practical in comparison to the other devices.I gave 5 stars for voice recognition because she always hears me no matter where she is in the truck.I gave 3 stars for Alexa Integration because it is super annoying to have to remember to open the app each time I get in the truck.I gave 4 stars for Sound Quality because my stereo sounds pretty good, but that isn’t really about her and she doesn’t make very many sounds without it.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have had my Echo Auto for around 3 months now. It is hit and miss when it comes to it.I live in MN where there is now a ""Hands-Free Law"", meaning that you cannot use your phone or be messing with it while driving. My car is older and is not equipt with BlueTooth or anything fancy for that matter.The Echo Auto really helps out with being hands-free and not risking a ticket or accident. I can just simply announce ""Alexa"" and tell her a command. The only problem is, is that you may not get the needed response or she may just freeze up, tell you she lost connection, skip and stutter, or do nothing at all from time to time.The other issue that I am having is that I have to unplug her every time I get out of the car. If you do not unplug her, you cannot use your phone properly. For example: Say I get home from work, come into my home and someone calls me. I will answer my phone and can hear nothing at all..... Why you ask?... because the call has connected to the Echo Auto unit in my car. It does the exact same thing at my job as well. That really sucks when you go to answer a call from a client.I have now gotten into the habit of pulling the power supply each time I get out of my car.I have also not been able to get her to give me directions/navigation to anywhere.Another issue or maybe she is just not compatible yet is when you are on a phone call using the Echo Auto and want to end the call you cannot tell her to end the call. She will not do it no matter how many times you ask her to. You have to manually hang up on your personal phone.She works great for music. Just tell her what you want to listen to and she will play it as long as she understands you. Don't like the song she is playing, just tell her ""Next song"". It is nice to be able to have that freedom of just announcing what you want, whether it is music, to make a call, turn lights on in your home, or just even the weather.The Echo Auto has made it possible for me to be, for the most part, hands-free in my older car.To sum it up, Echo Auto has a lot of great features and brings a lot to the table, but has quirks/glitches to work out. Since the item is new and I was part of the trial release, I am sure it will come a long way as all of our reviews are read and issues we are noting will be resolves and insights are taken into consideration.Amazon always seems to come out with stellar tech items to make life simpler. I don't mind testing and trying them out. I love how ideas that once seemed out there and out of reach become reality.Keep up the good work Amazon! I can't wait until all the new line drops."	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I purchased this because I wanted Alexa functionality in my car, for easier drop-in functionality to connect to home devices, and didn't want to mess with the phone to unlock it to allow me to use Alexa voice functions while driving.Installation was a breeze, as it took me less than a couple of minutes to attach it to my phone. At that point, ""Car integration"" was instant as Alexa uses my phone's Alexa app to access my car's audio.As for my car setup, the full-length cord and power-port adapter are nice to have and good quality, but for my install, I used a much shorter 1 foot USB Micro cable direct into one of my available USB power ports.I did not use the AC vent mount as I had a better location for it, but it's a very nice mount with a magnetic base for the Echo to rest on.Drop-in functions work as expected, with clear audio quality both ways.I tested car navigation functionality and it worked surprisingly well, except for one quirk - I asked it for directions to a location and it relayed the info to Google Maps for Android Auto navigation, but it only relayed the coordinates, not the name. So at that point, you hope it's taking you to the right place.Asking it to play music also works as expected, though I doubt I would use that function much considering I stream mostly from my own Plex server or Radio Garden anyway, but it's nice to have nonetheless.As for interacting with Alexa, it pretty much behaves just about as unpredictably as Alexa does at home... offering seemingly random answers to questions, or randomly interjecting answers while having conversations with other people in the car.I think a next-level function for this device would be for it to better integrate with the car functions, to have an actual on-screen presence in Android Auto/Apple Car Play.For now, I'd say the device is well worth buying if you can get it on sale. I bought it for $15 on sale and can't say I would have purchased it full price.  Just not enough usability for it to be worth the cost of a full Echo Dot device."	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device was once thought of the holy grail of automotive smart assistance retrofit integration. You just plug it in to a 12v power port and connect the Bluetooth of your vehicle or plug in an auxiliary audio cable. There could be a lot of software improvements to fix the current shortcomings. A few things I noticed:Echo Auto is extremely reliant on the Alexa app on your phone (I use an iPhone). If the Alexa app is closed and not running in the background, the echo auto will not work. If you try to ask Alexa without it, you will get a notification asking to open the Alexa app when it is safe to do so. Any app you wish to control on your phone will have to have an Alexa skill and will be controlled via the cloud. More on that later.Echo Auto is also extremely reliant on a good data connection. If I have one bar of cellular signal I will regularly get a response from Alexa that she is having trouble connecting to the network right now. If you live in an area with spotty cellular coverage or 1x/3G connection, echo auto may not be a good choice for you.Many times I would ask Alexa to play something on Spotify and she would respond that she's having trouble connecting to the network. If I open my phone manually, I can easily tap play in the Spotify app and the music plays just fine. All apps have to be cloud-connected. For example, Spotify has to be controlled through the skill integration. Even if you have a downloaded offline Spotify song on your phone, you cannot automatically play it with Alexa voice commands unless you have a data connection. The Alexa app is not capable of controlling other apps directly on your phone. Again, heavily reliant on a good data connection.If you have an always-on 12v power port like I do, echo auto will continuously be turned on. For me, this means that If I leave my vehicle in the carport and I go inside to use my phone, the audio will attempt to play through the echo auto even though the truck is off. This also happened when I would cut grass with my phone playing music. The audio would be grabbed by the echo auto Bluetooth connection if I go too close to my truck. I have resorted to having to unplug the power adapter each time I leave the vehicle which will most likely over time reduce the lifespan of my power port connection as well as the adapter housing.If I decide to leave my vehicle for a quick trip and return, many times I have to say the wake word in order to get Alexa to start the Bluetooth re-connection process.Right now, Alexa is a great Bluetooth adapter to play audio from my phone If I start the audio in an app manually. The smart assistant side of things, not so much.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Set up has issues.  When you first get into the car the unit has issues sometimes connecting to the phone.  Sometimes it disconnects and you dont even know it until you try to talk to her.The ac/ vent clip is totally useless. I ended up using velcro to attach it to my dashboard which seemed to make the disconnect issue even worse.  This was a fantastic idea in thought but poorly implemented and not beta tested long enough.  I love echo products and have more of them then I would like to admit and was so excited when I was selected to be part of the trial.I am hoping with time and some software upgrades this product may find its place in my auto.  But for now it shoved into the glove box collecting dust.I have updated my rating to 3 stars because I received a very helpful and pleasent call from Kristina at Amazon Alexa devices technical support.  I am so very pleased that Amazon cares enough to take the time an effort to follow up with customers that voice concerns and try to actively provide proactive solutions to resolve problem discovered by their customers,  something that for the most part has been forgotten by many of the major companies that sell consumer products.I was made aware and educated of a number of things that can correct some of the problems listed in my review.  One very important one is that there are updates for the alexa auto device, this can be accomplished by doing the following:Echo Auto does need a software update which can be done in your home. Please plug the device into a powered USB cord with the bluetoothed phone nearby. Press the mute button and leave the Echo Auto undisturbed for fifteen minutes. When the fifteen minutes has elapsed, please unplug the cord and allow the device to sit an additional one minute. Please also make sure that your phone software and the Alexa app are up to date as there have been many updates in the last month to both.Phone settings:  Please also make sure that your battery is not being optimized or set to low power as this will put the Alexa app to sleep resulting in connectivity issues.Well there is no direct solution for the vent mounting issues at this point and it may not be a problem for you depending on your vent architecture.  I thought is was funny to find out the the current mount provided with the alexa auto was actually a second design.  Bottom line is you can always velcro it to you dash top.After the thanksgiving holiday I think I will drag the device out of the glove box and give it another test.  Thanks again Kristina for your call, your knowledge of the product and your assistance.	3	November 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted this to work. Have been using an Echo Dot connected to my car's hot spot, but felt the Echo auto would be better as it had a smaller profile and would connect with my cars audio system.  Unfortunately it does not work consistently, sometimes I get a network connection, but most of the time it doesn't.  Often I get the message that my phone has lost its internet internet connection, even though my phone hasn't.I also can not get it to work with the cars hot spot which is a pain as the car has multiple drivers. The Echo Auto needs to connect with the phone to work, which means who ever is using the car has to reprogram the Echo to connect through their phone, a real pain in the ....Using the standard Echo Dot worked just fine with the exception it didn't connect through the cars sound system.  Once program to connect to the cars net work, it consistently worked for who ever was using the car at the time, and never had a problem with the Dot connecting. As long as the car had a cell connection, the Dot had a connection.Will be going back to the Dot until such time that Amazon either fixes the Echo Auto or someone comes out with a better option.UPDATE:Amazon tech support reached out to me and we went over some of the intricacies of the Echo Auto. First is that the Alexa App must be up and running on your phone and logged into your account.  Secondly, for anyone else using the car in your absence, they too must be logged into the Alexa App and also into your account. As my wife advised me, that ain't going to happen, so when she uses the car, she turns the Echo Auto off.After following the techs instructions, it now does pretty much consistently log in and provide some Alexa capability.  I can control my lights, lock the doors, and close the garage.  I also can listen to Pandora, although often it drops the service and I have to go through the verbal commands to start my playlist all over again.  I have a MyMedia account that I use to listen to my own music using my Echo DOTs, but it does not work on the Echo Auto.In the end, I up my rating to three stars as it does work and would probably be satisfactory for a single person who likes using Apple, Pandora or one of the other services, but is not really of much value to me.  As noted previously, I will go back to an Echo Dot that worked fine and because it can link to my car's hotspot, my wife can use it too without having to log her phone into my account.  I will also be able to listen to my own music and playlists.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love Alexa and the devices I have in my home, but this auto version is absolutely not ready for prime time.  At first, I really liked it.  I've always wanted to add things to my shopping list or play Amazon music or ask about the weather via voice control while I'm driving.  Initial set-up was easy, but things went downhill once I wanted to use the other features in my Camry Hybrid.  It doesn't seem to be able to remotely control the devices in my home, even though I can do that directly through the iPhone app.If I'm listening to Sirius/XM radio, I cannot wake up Alexa via voice control, but instead have to toggle through my audio to Bluetooth, then wake up the Echo Auto.  That's far too distracting if I'm driving.  Next, even when my car is off or the Echo Auto is disconnected, the iPhone app requires me to say that I'm not driving in order to use it, adding yet another annoying step.  Last, in order to work, the Echo Auto needs to be plugged into the car's power outlet.  It does not have a rechargeable battery inside, which means I have to have a cable snaking down from my car vent, across the navigation screen and controls, to the power outlet.  I have no idea why, in this age of wireless devices, Amazon didn't include a rechargeable battery so that this could be used with or without the power outlet.The sound is mostly good, as long as I play songs I've bought from Amazon.  Uploaded tracks sometimes sound compromised.The Echo Auto *does* work, but the interface is simply too clumsy to make it something that I keep plugged in.  I've never had to reconnect it, though, and Alexa has always understood my commands, even if ""she"" can't do what I want.  If Amazon were to create a rechargeable battery model with the ability to wake it, switch to Bluetooth on voice command, and recognize when Echo Auto was turned off, I might love it.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann"	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Echo Auto was recently discounted for the Black Friday/Cyber Monday sale, so I thought I'd give it a try.It functions more or less as advertised, but it's very clunky.I have a 2007 Chevy Cobalt, and both cigarette lighters stay ""on"" if I have something plugged into them, even while my car is not running. This means I always have to unplug Echo Auto whenever I leave the car. This means there is no automatic ""on"" and connection by Echo Auto whenever I start my car. Instead, I have to manually plug the power back in and wait for the connection. This is a major hassle, always needing to manually do this. Had Echo Auto been designed differently, this might not have been an issue. For instance, automatically shutting down when not in use, as a safety mechanism. Or else, simply having a freaking on/off switch so I could at least turn it off when I leave the car. A smarter Alexa could tell when I'm home and automatically turn off Echo Auto in my car. Heck, simply having a long-lasting battery built in or provided as an external battery would work also.Some functions will work fine if you don't have the Alexa app open, but not all.I have an iPhone, and I also have a lot of iTunes music purchased. But Echo Auto won't play any of this. Instructions to enable a skill that will allow playing iTunes music are out-of-date. If you follow the links in settings, you'll get to a list of available music-related skills, and iTunes is not one of them.Cords dangle in the worst possible places and get in the way. Primarily, this is the power cord. But if you have an older vehicle and use an AUX connection, you'll have that dangling also. (Understandably, newer vehicles with Bluetooth, or a Bluetooth adapter will remove the AUX cord.)"	3	December 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First, after reading a lot of reviews, it's obvious there's a lot of people that are not basic tech savvy.  There's no place to begin because there are issues all over the map in those reviews.The common 2 connections are you phone/device connection to your vehicle, typically via bluetooth, but can be direct connection in vehicles that have that, or older vehicles that have 3rd party connectivity.  That's me, I have an '04 Ford Excursion and I added a 3rd party bluetooth connection device which is wired to my sound system.  My phone just connects to that via bluetooth rather than plugging it in as it was for years.Next, you need to connect to the Alexa device.  I'll admit, sometimes I get in and it isn't and won't connnect so all I do is pull the plug on it, plug it back in and it's good.  Sometimes my phone won't connect to the bluetooth in my truck, but it'll connect to the Alexa device, at which time I can only hear through my phone speaker.  All I have to do is hit the button on the $12 bluetooth interface and it connects to my phone.  That has nothing to do with Alexa though.90% of the time I jump in my truck, turn on bluetooth and mobile data on my phone ( I don't keep them on) and everything connects and we're off.It's nice to have almost all the control and convenience of Alexa at home.  Mostly I use it for music etc. which is easy.  I may use it for home automation every now and then.  I haven't had a need to use it for messaging etc., and of course I can't use it for things that need my current location, at least I haven't figured out how to, but it works fine for what I use it for.As for the device itself, I haven't figured out how or where to mount it.  The cords are a pain and I'm not one ot stick something on my dash like that, although hearing me clearly is an issue unless it's close to me.  It's a diesel and it's a truck, so it's kind of noisy.  But if I keep it on the console, it's a good trade off with the exception of having a cord, but it hears me pretty well.For me, this is an in between.  Having Andriod Auto with an interface that has a screen I can see easily would be better, which is more of an issue for older vehicles.  I'm not sure I'd see the benefit in a newer car or one that has integration already.  I love Alexa at home, but she may not be as useful on the road.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this knowing about the cord problem that was stated by previous reviewers, but I needed something to help take calls on the road with a new law that passed. I got it and it worked once connected, I could talk through the Alexa in the car and have my call on the car speakers. I could stream my music as well.The first complaint was it never stays on the air vent mount it came with. No matter where I put it, it always ended up on the floor or under the seat, very annoying. I ended up sticking it in my change holder but even there it wouldn’t be secure for long. I dealt with it cause it worked well otherwise.The past month however I am suddenly unable to hold a call on it. I can hear everyone but no one can hear me or it sounds garbled. I’ve checked my phone and the settings and everything is where it should be. I believe this is the speaker on the auto Alexa. It will not respond to my voice anymore either and even if it does, it doesn’t do what I ask (make a call, stream, etc). I’ve cleaned it and redid connections, but nothing works now.Very disappointing as I checked my orders and it was literally purchased in Nov 2020. I’ve had many electronics last longer than this and it’s obvious this isn’t meant to have longevity, which helps me determine to be a repeat customer. Sadly, I will not purchase another echo auto since this failed to not last more than a little over a year.	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After a few months of use I decided that I’d had enough of Alexa Auto and removed it from my car. Here is what I found during my trial test:Pros: Alexa auto is very convenient for a hands free device for the car. Having all the power of Alexa you can ask for directions, play a specific song, turn on any smart plug in the house, set/disarm integrated alarm systems ( I have Ring ) and much more with just your verbal commands. Alexa Auto will pair via AUX and car lighter socket or Bluetooth. I unfortunately do not have Bluetooth so I opted for the first option so I did have some unsightly wires in the car. There are I believe at least 4 microphones, possibly more, so picking up your voice commands over the sound or wind or air conditioning usually isn’t a problem. The unit is small and looks pretty cool, the stand (sold separate) is magnetized so holding it in place is usually a sure thing. Getting directions was always as easy as, “Alexa, get directions to..”. My phone would then get a notification from Alexa to open and there you go, directions to your requested destination.Cons: I was fortunate enough to be selected as one of the group who was able to try the Alexa Auto before it was mass released to the awaiting public. That being said, some of the issues I had may have been fixed since then. My biggest issue was Alexa losing connection and going offline. It started doing it here and there in the beginning and only progressed. I mentioned before I do not have Bluetooth so having the wires running through my car was also an inconvenience. That’s not a product defect, it just may work better via Bluetooth. When connected to the auto my car steering wheel controls no longer functioned and unless I continually said “Alexa, play song/artist...” I’d have to control selection with my phone which also drained my battery. Even when Alexa was online sometimes requests were slow to register, that can also be on my service provider being that Alexa works off your cellular signal.Overall: I liked it more than I didn’t, the potential for a being an awesome product is still there. Being able to play games on long drives or listen to Audible books is great. I opted to go back to my USB connection really only for the reason that my phone is hidden in my center console along with wires and it will charge during use. The steering wheel controls are a game changer for me so being able to navigate through music simply by selecting from my steering wheel was something I really missed. The price point is on the lower end so I would suggest trying it out. See for yourself if it will work for your needs.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Alexa stop talking back to me!  You've been a pain in the a*# with IOS and Siri...I really was hoping for great things with Echo Auto, but was ah.. what is the word - DISAPPOINTED!My environment for installation/usage:1) New release non-beta version of Echo Auto2) iPhone 8 with IOS 133) 2012 Lexus with blue tooth audioAlexa setup to IOS/iPhone device scored -5 (it really is horrible)The integration/setup to my iPhone took two days of playing around, trying various setup methods, deleting the Alexa app off my iPhone and reinstalling it 3 times.  I rebooted my Echo Auto several times without success.  There were several times my Alexa app froze during setup - the app told me to press the ""Continue"" button to go to the next setup step but the app froze.  I came close to boxing the Echo Auto and returning it to Amazon.Somehow I got the right combination of reinstall/reboot/setup process - the devices finally connected.Echo Auto integration to IOS/iPhone (using apps on my iPhone, making calls, short texts to someone, etc..) scored - 2Echo Auto was good:- at telling me traffic conditions but would not bring up Apple Maps or Waze- making a phone call to someone in my iPhone contact list- finding and listing retail storesbad:- would NOT send a text message to someone in my contacts unless they were a registered user of Alexa!- I asked Alexa, text Joe Smith- Alexa responded: Joan Smith or Joe Smith?- I respond to Joe Smith..- Alexa asked work, home, mobile?- I responded mobile.- Alexa responds with: ""can't send a text message to someone who has not registered with Alexa""- I responded ""WTF!?""- there are times when Alexa states I have to respond to my iPhone app to continue - which means I have to touch my iPhone to get into an app to continue on.Voice Recognition: Scored a 2There were several times Echo Auto didn't recognize my voice/command.  Resulting in responding to my last command. Example:Alexa what is the weather like in Boise Idaho?  The response was the current temperature in Boise Idaho is 48 degrees and cloudy.Alexa what is the weather like in Austin Texas? The response was the current temperature in Boise Idaho is 48 degrees and cloudy.Alexa what is the current weather where I am? The response was the current temperature in Boise Idaho is 48 degrees and cloudy.Ok so much for getting the weather.Overall - for iPhone/IOS users don't waste your time on Echo Auto.Being an engineer I'm going to keep the device to experiment more on its capabilities or lack of capabilities and report back to this review of the product."	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall great love everything about it.only issue is could be a more durable device. Had to replace it 3 times soon 4th. Seems to last close to a year and then always falls apart the same way comes apart in 2 pieces every time	3	October 22, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had an Echo Auto in my car (a 2015 Nissan Sentra) for a few months now and it's painfully obvious that this is a first-generation product. First of all, for some reason Echo Auto refuses to connect to the network properly when I'm near my house, so I have to wait until I'm a few streets away before it'll respond to any commands. There's a similar blackout area later in my daily commute where Echo Auto will continue playing any media that's already running but won't accept any new commands. And before you ask, this has nothing to do with my iPhone's network connectivity, which has no problems whatsoever doing anything that *isn't* related to Echo Auto in those areas—it's this device and this device only that's flaky.In addition, the main reason I wanted this device is so that I could call up my daily news report with Flash Briefing while I drive to work. I get Flash Briefing reports from CNN, NPR, BBC, and Fox, but for whatever reason CNN ""isn't available right now"" about 90% of the time I try to access it from Echo Auto. The other news outlets have no problems, and CNN has no problem when I access it from a normal Echo Dot—but it refuses to play nicely with Echo Auto.I also expected this device to be able to pull up map directions and get me where I'm going, but that feature simply does not work on iPhone. Apparently it does on Android devices, but iOS integration is nonexistent. The best Echo Auto can do is tell me to open Google Maps on my phone, which completely defeats the purpose of a hands-free device.Echo Auto also has some music and audiobook issues. I'm an Amazon Music Unlimited subscriber, so I often use Echo Auto to play music from that service. But unlike a regular car stereo, Echo Auto doesn't automatically resume the music when I get back in the car, so I have to tell it to resume if I want to keep listening. And when I do that, Echo Auto *restarts* the song I was listening to rather than actually resuming. Also, if I call up Audible from Echo Auto instead of the actual Audible app on my phone, any GPS directions will play over the audiobook, causing me to lose my place (the Audible app is smart enough to actually pause when something else is playing—not Echo Auto). And this may just be an issue with my car's bluetooth system, but Alexa is selfish and doesn't go away after I'm done with it; if I'm playing music or an audiobook from my iPhone and *not* Alexa (say, from my iTunes library or the Audible app) and I interrupt that media to ask Alexa something, all I'll see on my display afterward is ""Alexa"" and I won't be able to use my car's media controls to get back to what I was listening to before, so I have to wait for a red light and do it from my phone.Finally, all my other Echo devices are set to respond to the ""Computer"" wake word (so sue me, I'm a Star Trek fan), but it's not possible to set the Echo Auto to do that, so every time I get in my car I have to remember that this one and this one only has to use ""Alexa"" instead.There's not a single thing this device does for me that works as intended with no problems. I bought Echo Auto at a reduced $29.99 price point, and that's barely worth it. No way is the current MSRP a good deal. Wait for the second generation when maybe they'll actually make this thing do half the things it's supposed to."	2	February 18, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t like that you have to speck to loud and has wrong performance. But like that after you got it working right it’s good. The reality is has to improve.	3	October 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Grabbed one of these at the 1/2 price, that price is probably too much, so think twice at full price.At first I loved the voice recognition, and I tried things from my car that I can do from my home echos: Drop in's to my home echos, telling my echo auto to control my smart home like close the garage or turn off all lights. Amazon music stations were cool to do with just my voice and it would then play from my car's speakers instead of my phones speakerphone like I used to have to do. Navigation was also nice, saying ""Alexa, navigate to..."" would confirm my choice and start/display Google maps on my cellphone while providing directions from the car speakers. My son also did his silly things like the read my mind skill and asking random questions that 1/3 of the time you get Alexa to actually be able to answer.The worst things with echo auto are the functions most hands free add on devices solved a decade ago but don't work with the echo auto. Cords, very very inconvenient and uhly having two sets of cords to plug in for all the above to work. This should be wireless, in 1 of many ways to get that way. Next is phone calls, you can ask Alexa to dial a contact from your phone, cool, but the call quality on the other end is always described as fish bowl or Near an ocean sounding. Audible integration is awful! It doesn't integrate with the audible app you have on your phone, it instead opens a second less functional audible apps for alexa. There's no way to launch the version the echo auto launches without being in the car, and they don't sync with each other so you constantly have to manually find your spot on the real phone app one to continue listening away from the car. The biggest problem is that Alexa constantly looses connection to your phone and it's very hard to get it to reconnect without powering down and back up again the echo auto. If your phone looses cell signal then your dead in the water, no music, no audible, no anything. Everything is streaming live, there's no using offline music or downloaded audible books that live on your phone unless you stop using the echo apps and switch to your phones apps and listening via Bluetooth.All in all, I've realized that an fm transmitter or just my phones speakerphone and using ""OK Google"" did everything I needed, most of above, and with better consistency, and with no wires.I know many of my issues are tied to bad cell coverage, but that is often and without offline modes, just turns the device useless."	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got my Echo auto by invite. I was excited to try it out because the car I had at the time I received the invitation did not have Bluetooth, so I was eager to have Alexa and some BT functions via AUX port. Sadly, it took several months to get the product after the invitation and in the meantime I sold the car and bought one with BT capabilities. I decided to go ahead and buy my Echo auto anyway just to answer the question why would I need this if I already have BT in the car.Initially, the setup was a bit bumpy because I wanted to try connecting via AUX port for audio output. It was quite a mess because while the Echo worked through the AUX input on my radio, it would not play anything through that port (the BT input would also go dead). Each time I wanted to hear music or radio, Echo would go mute (still responding correctly to ""pause"" or ""stop"" commands thought). In the end, I just decided to use BT exclusively. It worked much better. Echo connects via BT to the phone (not the car), so it acts as a voice interface between you and your phone with audio output on the car's BT via phone audio BT out. Not bad. I cannot say I am completely satisfied, however, for a couple of reasons. One is I cannot tell Alexa to call into conferences because it somehow recognizes the fact that the number I am calling is a conference number (stored in my phone as (number),,# type of entry) and wants me to use some calendar function, which I am not willing to do. The second is sometimes the connection between Echo and my phone (more likely, Echo gets dropped by the Alexa app) just does not function and I have to resort to eliminating Echo auto in the Alexa app and adding it again later. This morning the app just kept crashing (even after resetting cache etc.). It did not crash once I was away from the car (and Echo auto). Finally, the vent mount is worthless (good thing I did not have to pay for it), but the sticky rubber pad with built-in magnet included is quite nice. Let us just hope it will not leave a stain from the glue once it is removed. Note that all things Alexa can do, such as controlling your smart appliances, work as well as in any other Alexa device.Overall, once these bugs are worked out, I think Echo auto will be a nice addition to cars with BT functionality (or to car that do not have it). It will be a nice interface in that it will bring solid voice control to enhance a hands-free experience in the car for increased safety."	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Streaming works well.  But asking Alexa stuff or accessing anything through her does not work very well. Which is why you buy Echo vs other cheaper options. Get used to hearing “sorry, I’m having trouble connecting to the network” almost every day. Even though your phone has 4 bars. Also, you have to wait until you are a 1/4 mile from your home Wi-Fi to use as it will also fail. If Amazon can fix the connectivity issue, it would be a 5 star product.	3	September 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The actual Alexa voice functionality is fine. However the Bluetooth connectivity and the reliability of the Echo Auto leave much to be desired.Ideally, it should work in such a way that you get in your car, turn the car on, then tell it what you want and it just works. Unfortunately, this is not the case for me.When I get in the car and start it, the echo turns on, but it almost never auto connects to my phones (iPhone XR) Bluetooth as it’s supposed to. This leads me to have to unlock my phone, go into the settings, and reconnnect to the echo almost every time. If that weren’t annoying enough, it often fails to connect for some reason. The only way to get it to connect then is to reboot the echo by unplugging it and plugging it back in. Then it will let me connect.Another very odd bug is that when I turn my car off and get out, which also shuts off the echo since it has no battery and loses power when your car is turned off, the Bluetooth on my phone somehow thinks it is still connected to the echo. This leads to me going inside and getting a call an hour later which I answer but I can’t hear the person calling because my phone is trying to play the audio on the echo, which is outside in my car and has no power. How this is possible I have no idea. Then I have to go turn off my Bluetooth to be able to hear the call or any other audio that I want to play on my phone speaker.Also, when using apps like audible, if I tell echo to play audible, it does and plays the book I was last listening to from the point I last listened to it, which is great. The problem is that when I try to go back and listen to audible later on my phone, it often ignores what I had listened to on the echo and starts me back where I was before listening on the echo. Then I have to skip around to try to find where I was.Being able to just say “Alexa, play (whatever song)” is nice, but since it relies on my cell connection if I drive thru an area with poor reception then it’s constantly skipping and buffering. I know that’s more of a cell signal issue but still, it makes me just ignore the feature.All in all, I feel like it was easier to just plug in my aux cable and play my book/music directly from my phone than to constantly juggle my Bluetooth on and off, reset the echo, etc.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device has trouble connecting to my phone. Oh, it connects fine when I'm in the house or at work when my car is in the parking garage across the street. It's when I'm IN the car that the issues start. And when it finally does connect, Alexa tells me she is unable to connect to my phone while music is playing from my phone thru the device! Very frustrating.	3	September 27, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Let me start off by saying I was really excited about this when I saw the announcement. I wish I had gotten 2 when I got my invite, because I don't think it is worth the list price ($49.99) or even the new ""discounted price"" of $39.99, but I thought it was well worth the $24.99 I paid initially.It works as well as any of the Alexa-enabled devices at voice recognition. It would have made a nice handsfree calling device except that the microphones picks up the audio from the speakers and callers get to hear themselves as an echo. That's probably the biggest mark against it at $25. But it does make it really easy to use my Amazon music subscription and a few other audio services or Alexa skills just like at home.The biggest issue I have with it right now is, it was not at all intuitive to get it to work with another phone and we never have any idea who is actually connected to the thing when both of us are in the car until we ask Alexa to play something—at that point, if it is my wife who has Apple Music and not Amazon, we'll get some kind of sample or ""station based on"". The issue is, once we've established that she's connected, we haven't figured out the magic process to force the Echo Auto to connect to my phone instead.Now, the thing that absolutely baffles me is that I regularly have requests that report there are no video-enabled devices available. For example, my son loves Batman right now. I have to be careful not to say something like ""play Batman"" because an audio device based in my car can't seem to understand that I want to hear a song rather than watch it. In fact, this is rooted in something that I'm not overly pleased with any of the Echo line—I can tell the Google assistant to ""play x on the TV"" and it will connect to the Chromecast and do it, but I can't do the same thing with anything except a Fire TV Cube. So, if I can't ask an Echo speaker to play something on my TV, why aren't they smart enough to just skip video options if the device doesn't have a built-in display?All in all, one of the other reviewers made lots of solid points that this is a ""half-baked Beta in search of a niche"" and I tend to agree with everything there except their star rating. In general there are many things to like about this device, but it needs a lot of improvement to be worth $40 or $50 and even then it's only really worth it if you are pretty deep in the ecosystem."	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When this worked, I loved it.  However, it didn't work very well.  Installation was difficult.  I spent a couple of hours trying to get it to work (I'm usually really good at things like this.)  got it working briefly, then it dropped and I couldn't get it to start again.  I told a 20 year old man who was doing some work on my house about it, and he gave it a try and got it working using the aux cord.  This left two cords hanging down on my dash, and guess what? It didn't hook up again when I restarted the car.  My car is a 2009 Mercury Hybrid, but it has Ford Sync and Bluetooth and I can hands-free play streaming music from my iPhone, answer and make telephone calls, get directions, find an address from the telephone number, etc.  I wanted the Alexa so I could add items to my ToDo list, set alarms, and add items to my shopping list while I was driving.  Also the ability to call out vocally to call for help without the car running appealed to me. I drive a lot and spend quite a bit of time  stopped in traffic jams.I called customer support for help, and tried everything the technician suggested and still no joy.  At this point I had invested about 10-12 man hours in trying to get it to work.I started doing internet searches to see what I was doing wrong,  still blaming myself, thinking I must be missing something, and came across a YouTube video from 2016 about how to make your car a Smart Car using an EchoDot.  I took the one from my guestroom, enabled the hotspot on my iPhone, reset the Dot and followed the directions and got instant success.  I put the dot in the pocket on the back pocket of my driver seat, plugged the power into the cigarette lighter adapter with USB connection on the back of the console, and it works fine.  It doesn't seem to drop often, and it starts up again when I start the car.  The only thing I can see as an advantage of the Echo Auto is that it is smaller, and uses the car speakers instead of its own speakers, since it doesn't have any.  However, the only way I can get it to work is with the AUX connection, so it ties up the  Aux connection and sticks out and is sloppy on the dash.  If it were reliable, didn't drop so often and started back up without having to get out my phone and use the Alexa app to restart, I would probably be totally in love with it.  I really wanted it to work.  It's been more than 30 days since I got it, so I won't try to send it back, but I am disappointed.  I'm a widow, and I live alone.  Alexa has made me feel safer at home alone since I know that I can call out and she will call a neighbor or public safety for me and has also helped me organize my To Do list, reminders, and shopping list. She plays music when I want it and lets me use voice commands to turn things on and off.  I was so excited to get this device to extend this functionality to my car, but it still needs a lot of work to meet my expectations.  I think the software and the instructions both need to be upgraded.  I do not think this is a hardware issue -- so since I will be keeping it, I will be waiting for an upgrade that fixes some of these shortcomings.	2	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited to see that Amazon came out with this product, since the hands-free system in my car is difficult to use. I received it as a birthday present through the invitation, but I agree with the other reviews that this device is definitely not worth more than $25. I've had it for about 4 months now and there are a few things I like, but it still has a lot of problems.1. First off, it's important to know that you cannot change the wake word on this device, which means you must call her Alexa. My name is Alexa so I was very frustrated to discover this. All of the Echo devices can be changed to respond to either Echo or Amazon so there's absolutely no reason why this shouldn't be an option on the Echo Auto as well. This is a simple thing that should have been added in the first place!2. About a third of the time, the device will wake up when you say Alexa, but then ignore your request. This renders the device completely useless. This has happened both with loud music playing and a completely silent car so I'm not sure what is causing this issue. For example, I'll ask Alexa to call someone in my contacts and the light will just shut off as soon as I'm done talking, but she doesn't say anything. This happens multiple times in a row sometimes for no apparent reason. It also doesn't seem to be able to hear very well in general although it claims to be able to hear voices over loud music, etc.3. Sometimes it has trouble with navigation. For the most part, I'm able to ask for directions to a specific place and Alexa will open up Google Maps. However, it doesn't do as well when searching for more general places. For example, I asked it to direct me to Safeway on 20th street in Denver (which I knew was the correct address) and none of the Safeways it suggested were the right one. It even asked me to be more specific. I'm not sure how much more specific I could have been in that scenario!4. As others have mentioned, it doesn't quite fit seamlessly into your car. The dashboard sticky pad really doesn't work at all and the corners are constantly lifting up. It's also annoying that it has to be plugged in, as the long cord hanging down doesn't look very nice.Overall, the device works decently well since I'm not trying to do anything very complicated with it. If it were more consistent in its responses I would have rated it higher. Hopefully, these are things that Amazon can update to allow the device to work better!	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"At first I was going to return it because it wouldn't play or pause my music on voice command from my phone. It does play and pause music from the amazon eco system but just not on my phone music player. I have a limited data plan on my phone and I don't plan on buying music on amazon that I already have. But lucky for amazon I found a work around on my phone. Lucky for me I had another voice command on my phone using the words ""HEY GOOGLE"" to play or pause my music. But all that isn't WHY I really bought the product. I bought the product so I can plug in the AUX cable to the echo auto device and wirelessly Bluetooth to the phone so I can play everything from my phone with out having to hook up the AUX to my phone and it works really well. Right as I get in my car and turn the key the echo auto device turns on and pairs right to my phone. So no more wires to be bothered with. I must say at first it wasn't working like I just explained it and gave up because I was pressed for time to be some where but later it just worked. I'm guessing something updated and BAM! Everything from my phone came out of the car speakers with out having to wire anything to the phone. I'm taking one star off this rating for not being able to pause or play from the device and I'm removing a 2nd star because the mounting looks bad. Lucky for me the microphones work so well I can stuff the device in a little cubby under the radio system with the lid closed and the device still hears me with less of a wire look to the setup. So over all I am happy but there is room for improvements."	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am not happy with the overall performance of this product. I have used this for a few months now and it is consistently disconnecting from Bluetooth in my car. I have to repeatedly attempt reconnection and many times, after several try’s, I give up.I read the instructions very carefully and am performing the installation process correctly.I even wrote to Amazon for help via online, and the information I received from them was exactly what I was doing so I know I am doing the correct steps properly.Sometimes, it will work for a few days and the next time I get in my car I will speak to “Alexa” and she will respond, “I am having trouble connecting to your phone “ and ultimately, the device never connects, or she says “Your device is not connected, or I am ready to pair”.This thing is very very frustrating!I do not give up easily, either, as I keep trying to make it work.I have several Echo Dots connected in my home, along with smart plugs, and I had no problems with connecting these and they have worked seamlessly over the past several months. I believe the Alexa Auto is not yet ready for prime time! When it does work, however, it is wonderful, as you can play any music desired or ask for directions, the news or weather in your car and it’s wonderful.Problem is, it only works intermittently!Wish I could say otherwise.You may want to wait a while until this device is perfected, which I am sure at some point it will be.Two last things also;1- Be aware that you should disconnect your  WiFi from your home or office on your  smart phone settings PRIOR to starting  your vehicle as if you don’t, your Alexa  Auto will not properly connect with the  Alexa App on your phone, thereby  rendering the Alexa Auto inoperable.2- Always leave your car radio on and in  the mode that allows you to stream  audio via Bluetooth, such as when you  are talking on your phone or listening to  music on speaker in your car.  ALWAYS leave it in this mode and NEVER  turn the radio off manually upon leaving  the car. The radio will go off when the  ignition is turned off. This will make it  easier for Alexa Auto to reconnect the  next time you drive your car.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would've loved to have Alexa in my car just like in the house but for some reason it wasn't meant to be.Though I was  able to get connect with my phone and the Bluetooth it just wouldn't play. Tried many times by different people but it only worked 1 time. That is until the car was turned off.Then it wouldn't work again	3	September 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Initial connectivity with my car and phone was not possible without being on my home WiFi network.  Perhaps this is how it was designed to work, but I didn't see anything about that in the instructions.  Unfortunately, ""initial connectivity"" includes everyday startup as well as first setup.  If I'm not at home on the WiFi when I start my car, there's no communicating with Alexa Auto.  It seems to be a daily struggle, occasionally involving pulling off the road because I don't automatically open the Alexa app every morning, to get the unit responding and some mornings I just don't have the time and after a few days I didn't have the desire.  If you have an iPhone, it's easier to say ""Hey Siri"".Alexa Auto is an expensive proposition if you don't have an unlimited data plan on your phone because all it seems to do is stream data from your phone.  I have a Sirius satellite subscription built into my car's audio system but Alexa Auto is unable to do anything with it, as I discovered after a few hours of listening when I got a data warning from my provider.  It can provide directions, but so can Siri without the hassles of trying to get Alexa Auto up and running (and Waze does it better than either of them).  My phone and my car already synch with each other; why do I need Alexa to get in the middle of them?  My phone already has a voice interface and I can talk to it directly; why do I need Alexa to get in the middle of that?  What's the added value here?I'm amused that this review wants me to rate the Touch Screen when this is an in-car device.  A driver shouldn't be staring at a phone screen, and the device itself has no touch screen.  But on that note, asking Alexa Auto for directions doesn't bring up a map on my car's display screen, which is bigger and more in the line of sight when driving than the phone is.  It's safer and better to just use my car's navigation system, which does bring up a map to follow.  Again, what's the added value?The car needs to be quiet before you talk to Alexa Auto.  Turn off all music and tell everyone to shut up before you try doing anything or it's an exercise in frustration.  Even my dog barking or my cat meowing makes it difficult.After my disappointment, I really thought about how I use Alexa at home to understand why it wasn't useful for me in the car.  I use it to set timers and reminders, to convert measurements for recipes or other activities, to play music or say things in specific rooms of the house, to tell me when the football game is going to start, to open the Box of Cats so my husband and I can laugh at our cat, to play music for my dog when we leave, to open Doctor Who on Fire TV … not things I need while driving.  You may use it differently, so it could be valuable in your car.In summary, this seems to be an audible interface to stream data from your phone to your car's stereo system.  If you have Bluetooth in your car and on your phone, which you need in order to get this all working, you should already have that connectivity and ability and every phone has a built-in audible interface.  It's a daily hassle for me to get it working.  Without unlimited data, it can be an expensive proposition to use.  It's less functional and less safe than in-car navigation systems.  If you have an older car without this functionality … but you can't, since you need Bluetooth to connect Alexa Auto in the first place and that should let you stream from your phone already (and I think most cars with Bluetooth have built-in navigation etc. systems).  I finally gave up on the connection hassle and gave it to my husband.  If he discovers additional/better functionality (which he may well do, since he's MUCH more tech-savvy than I am), I'll update my review."	1	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've used the unit for about a month now and believe its just an OK product at this time.  I am using it with an iPhone 6s.  One feature i wish it had, but is not supported, is sending a text message by voice through the iPhone.  Siri is sub-par at this and i was hoping to replace her.  My hunch is this is Apple's restriction, not Amazon's.  The Alexa app needs to be running in the background in order for the unit to work while driving.  It's not a big deal but sometimes it is not started and therefore the unit does not respond when I interact with it.  Also, the app, once opened, always assumes i'm driving.  So if i'm just moseying around the house and i try to use the app I get a warning screen saying i cannot use the app while driving.  A simple close/reopen of the app fixes the issue.  My family uses Alexa to coordinate reminders and having this unit definitely helps as I can send a reminder while driving as i think of it...where more times than not I would forget by the time I get to my destination.  My kids, 9,9 and 11 enjoy the capability of playing their music just by a simple voice command.  Though, i must say i'm tired of hearing the same Aladdin songs over and over ;o).  When you say the wake word, it seems to take a split second longer for her to wake up then the in-house units.  This often causes the kids to have to repeat their commands a second time.  Our unit is mounted via a vent clip in the center of our console.  The placement is as fairly unobtrusive and i think they did a good job at this for their first go-round.  The blue light that animates during discussions definitely reminds me of Knight Rider...so the option to have a red light with Kit's voice would be a pretty cool feature.  Overall I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 2 because i haven't spent the time trying to integrate it with my Pod Casts nor researched how to integrate it with Waze.  So I'll assume its my fault for not trying vs. functions not being supported.  If you can get a Black Friday deal of 1/2 off i'd go for it just for the novelty, plus you know Amazon will improve upon it.  But if you think the price is a bit high, then i'd skip for now as i'm not sure it's worth it just yet.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Initial connection took forever. Should have been simplistic but had to try a few times. Nothing overly complicated, just time consuming. Also, the vent connect is cumbersome. Doesn’t align flush and the cord seems to be in the way. If you have any other items like chargers plugged in, this just adds to the clutter. Wish it were wireless is what I’m saying. Also wish it could connect with a battery, and be able to mount without the vent connector. It’s small enough to clip on a visor but takes up more space than necessary when set up. Works decently but prompts Alexa drive app upon start up, which is convenient if you want to use it, but in my case, I want the option to choose or not. Also when playing music on Apple Music through the device, the song title and artist don’t display in the app or on the cars screen. Voice recognition and sound are good. Connects to other Alexa speakers and seems futuristic having Alexa in the car. Not bad for $19.99. Not sure how to best use it just yet. Bought on a whim.	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it works great but it doesn't stay connected to work very much and I'm just fed up with reconnecting it. I don't even bother to reconnect anymore unless I've got hundreds of miles left to drive	3	October 8, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We were so excited.....new cars for teens to celebrate and surprise 1 the other thought it was Cool and asked for one for HIS College Graduation....Neither has worked : (	3	October 14, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After receiving my ""invite toy,"" I went out to the car and started to mess with it.  I had to back inside the house to retrieve things for it.  I brought my Samsung tablet with me because it already had the Alexa app on it.  I got it plugged in and set in the dash air vents, of which seemed a little hard to push in the vent grills, trying to take the time to make sure I did not break the grill or the movement direction. The device has a cutout for the usb cord to wrap around it so as not to be in the way, but not all the much friendly of a device to accomplish that.  I started the car and pushed the on button for AUTO Alexa.  There is a short course on how to set it up, and how to proceed.  The same thing happened here, as it does in your house.  The lights came on and  after running my Bluetooth on the tablet, it was a go.  My one draw back is that you have to have your car stereo set up for AUTO Alexa as soon as you get in the car, preferably before driving.  So that in itself, is like having a second car stereo without having your OEM stereo running.  I hope you understand that.  I have yet to figure out how to have one without the other.  If you like to listen to local radio stations, or have that favorite 60's station, then you will have to listen to it via Amazon Music or I heart radio.  I have Tango running via my tablet and that is good enough for me.  The sound comes through via your phone app, which is what it does via my tablet, so not having to worry about the data usage.  I guess what I am trying to say is what is the big deal, other than not having to reach out and touch something, (Voice control,,)  If you have a dedicated power source, then all should be good to go.  It's just that every time you have to make sure your car radio and your smart phone is set for Bluetooth, and your ""system"" is volume ready.  At least that is what the ECHO App is telling me to do...Other than that, oh yeah, don't forget to put it out of sight when out of the car.  The vent attachment has a magnetic spot where the little toy sets in.  So it will come off rather easy.."	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got invited to try this with the trial run. I have had it for just shy of a month. I would never pay full price for this device. The following are my areas of struggle/concern:1. It did not come with clear instructions; I have mine both plugged into the auxiliary port in my 2014 GMC Acadia and connected through Bluetooth. It will not work on the auxiliary port. I'm not sure if you're supposed to connect both or not.2. It is very hit or miss with whether it will automatically connect to my phone and therefore the Alexa app. I would say about 75% of the time, I have to first go into my Bluetooth connections settings on my iPhone 7, manually connect to the Echo Auto and THEN go into the Alexa app to ensure it's connected. If I try saying ""Alexa"" when I first start driving, it usually says, ""I'm having trouble connecting with your phone"". My phone has no problems connecting with my car's Bluetooth, so I don't think it's my phone.3. Once connected, it works pretty well, the sound quality is good, but isn't that irrelevant? I would think that would have more to do with the car's stereo system than the Echo Auto.4. The cords are somewhat cumbersome; I really don't think the auxiliary cable has any purpose. Additionally, it would make more sense to only have to plug in the USB to charge.5. The vent mount seems pretty cheap--the adhesive on the foam cord holder on mine has already unstuck, so I have to stick it back down when I notice.6. There is more of a delay than my Echo dots and FireTV; when you say ""Alexa"", you have to wait a couple seconds before you tell her what you want her to do. This is mostly frustrating when the kids are trying to play music in the car, but also when trying to get directions. (Due to the issues noted above, I haven't used it but a handful of times for navigation, mostly just to try and play music or ask the weather.)I really want to love this product as I usually love all things Amazon, but unfortunately, it's left me a bit disappointed. If it worked every time I started my car, I would be a lot happier. Bottom line, I wouldn't pay the $49.99 sticker price if I was buying it again. I'll keep trying it since I got it at such a discounted price, but if you're shopping for one new, I would wait until they get the kinks worked out."	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Since my car has Bluetooth, a GPS/directions, hands-free calling and other apps to find weather, gas, dining, etc, I wondered what Alexa could bring to the party. But, for $25, I gave it a try. Installing the hardware was straight forward, although the device that attaches to the vent leaves the Alexa somewhat wobbly. The vent in my car has vertical louvers that are slanted just a tad. Therefore, Alexa sits on the holder at an angle. When I move the vent to direct the a/c or heat in a different direction, Alexa turns with it. Not a problem, but not well thought out either. There is a small rubber device that sticks to the mounting plate to hold the wires, but after one day in the sun, the glue melted and the darn thing doesn't stick anymore.The instructions for setting up Alexa and connecting to my smart phone are weak. Not much there and it took me several tries to get it working. But work it did and streaming from my playlists in my driveway on Amazon Prime Music was good. Until the next day. Alexa kept telling me that she couldn't connect to the network. Very frustrating. After uninstalling and reinstalling several times, and with absolutely no help from the help/support at Alexa, I got it to work, until about a half hour into my trip when Alexa informed me that the network connection was lost. No music from Alexa for the next two hours, so I just streamed from my phone. Again wondering just what the benefit of Alexa is.The next day, I spent more time and hopefully have it working as advertised. It still loses its network connection from time to time and it's a real pain to reconnect. You have to pull over, start the Alexa app on your phone, then reconnect. I don't know about you, but if I'm on a car trip and cruising down the highway with my tunes blasting, I just don't want to pull over to reconnect.So what's the benefit of Alexa Auto? Well, if you rely on your phone while driving for directions, playing music, calls, then the voice command is an absolute must. Like if you're driving a 1996 Corolla. If your car is equipped with more modern accessories, you can ask Alexa to play Jeopardy or tell you a joke (just kidding).At this point in its development, Alexa Auto isn't a must-have. In the future I can see it being built into the vehicle to control all the electronics and even start the car remotely. At $50, I'd pass. At $25 it's worth trying.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Received an invite to purchase the Echo Auto at a steep discount and received it yesterday.My car: 2018 Chevy Volt w/ IPhone X w/iOS 13.1.  Car Radio has a small touchscreen with CarPlay enabled when the phone is plugged into the USB port.Installation was simple, mounted on the right vent.  Plugged in the echo power in the available USB slot.  Added device on the Alexa app.  IPhone also plugged into available USB slot which allows for CarPlay to run.  Opened radio screen and selected ‘media’.  Asked Alexa to say hello, and she said hello over the car speakers.  Good to go.Next morning (today) went off to work with the Echo Auto installed.  With CarPlay I usually fire up Waze to keep tabs on traffic, and listen to the radio (FM) or an audiobook via Audible.  For fun I asked Alexa to play my radio station, and my poor cell quality in the area resulted in buffering silence a few times so I went back to FM radio.  Two touches of the touch screen and I ran Audible which muted the radio and read my book.  Didn’t have a need to ask Alexa anything else for the rest of the trip, so it just sat there.With CarPlay I can send a text to my wife or other contact, listen to texts, make calls.  I guess I could do the same with Alexa if I set it up but haven’t had the need.Now, if I return when it’s dark like I usually do, then yes, I imagine I could have Alexa turn on the exterior Hue lights.  If I had a Wi-Fi enabled garage opener I could ask Alexa to open the garage door (or have it open by proximity without Alexa) instead of reaching to the armrest and pushing a button.  Beyond that?  I checked Livewire for what I can do with the Echo Auto and they listed:• Play or initiate music from Amazon Music, Spotify, Sirius XM, Audible audiobooks, podcasts, or NPR news.o  With CarPlay, Siri and an FM radio I can do all that with existing equipment.  Sirius XM?  Don’t subscribe.• Make phone calls.o  Again, CarPlay & Siri• Add or check reminders.o  Haven’t used reminders but ok.• Add items to shopping lists.o  This is perhaps the feature I’d most likely use as I use Amazon’s lists.• Manage calendar appointments.o  Haven’t integrated my calendars with Alexa as I have multiple calendars that I can access with Siri.• Get directions with Google Maps, Apple Maps, or Waze.o  Apple Maps and Waze are easy with CarPlay• Find location-based destinations such as gas stations.o  Haven’t used this feature in Siri or Alexa.• Trigger location-based routines and tasks based on places like your home or workplace.o  Yes, could do that like opening garage doors and turning on lights.  But could also use IFTTT which I have in the past.So Echo Auto is pretty redundant to what I already have with a standard FM radio, CarPlay & Siri.  I don’t enjoy having a piece of equipment stuck in my air vent with a wire hanging down, even though it’s small and nicely designed.  My iPhone stays hidden in the little cubby after plugging it in.  If I didn’t have CarPlay then, yeah, sure, but at this point I don’t think I’ll keep it installed.  Could have been an app.	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Final Update: 8/11/2022 - Took a hammer to this thing today so I wouldn't be tempted to try yet again. This devices is undoubtedly one of the most frustrating things to deal with. You know you're in trouble when the device can't complete a sentence during set up.  ...  and yes, I really destroyed it out of frustration. Would liked to have taken all stars away, but we all know you can't do that.  I hope everyone who gave this device 5 stars continues to enjoy what it can offer. My case was just another one for the frustrated users of the world....I don't write a lot of reviews. However, this is one I felt strongly about. This thing is great when it works. in my case, I have to unplug and plug the unit back in so it will reset and I can understand her.  If you lose phone signal, the unit doesn't reconnect smoothly as you might think.  For me, it's very garbled when unit regains connection. Thats the only issue I have. Unfortunately, it happens 99% of the time i start/stop the vehicle.  I've checked for updates, rebooted my phone, etc... the only thing that resolves the problem is unplugging the Echo Auto and plugging it back in.  No big deal right? it's very frustrating to do this every-time you shut the vehicle off.UPDATE: 6/21/2022 - The constant disconnecting and garbled voice has got me thinking that I'll just remove this unit. It's more trouble than it's worth. For the past couple weeks, I have to reboot the unit about every hour. Strong ""full"" cell signal doesn't matter, the unit still garbles communication and needs to be rebooted. Check for updates... nope. still needs rebooted. Once it reboots it works for about 20-30 minutes then garbles again.  I think I'm going back to a simple bluetooth adapter.For the record: I'm connected via the aux cable not via bluetooth to the vehicle. Only BT to the phone.UPDATE: 7/3/2022 - I've messed with this device off and on for a while now.  One, it is constantly garbled; I get in the vehicle, drive about 5 mins, and I can't understand anything. Unplug the device, plug it back in, and it works great for about 10-15 minutes. Two, I have to shut down the unit or disconnect it on my phone. My truck is in the garage and this thing stays connected all through my house. Subsequently, I miss a lot of alerts on my phone. This real kicker is, I don't get them via the Echo Auto either.  I'll probably play with it a few more times, but for now, it's just not reliable. I have small plug and play BT device that does almost the same thing but all commands go through my phone. Works a lot better.  I've checked for SW updates, rebooted, etc... I run this device via the aux port as my vehicle doesn't have BT. Phone has a strong cell signal yet, the Echo Auto still garbles speech after only a few minutes.  Just more frustrating than it's worth to me...."	1	June 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATE:I received a call from Amazon support and they were able to help with the worst issues. I am changing my rating fom 2 to 3 stars because the support was good, and a problem was fixed. I actually use it now, so that's the main reason. If I had blue tooth in my car I would give it 4 stars.My main technical issue was the reconnecting to Blue Tooth was difficult. You can't do it from the app. You need to forget both the Echo from the Amazon app, AND ALSO from your phone's blue tooth list. Then, restart the Echo Auto, re-add via the app, then it will let you connect.My second issue was that I (still) don't have real blue tooth in my car. However, the Echo, when pair with my phone, will playback using my Phone's audio. If I use my bone conduction headphones (okay to use while driving) then I can hear Alexa's responses. I can also connect my phone to a Jambox and play over that (which is a little weird but works). Neither is the perfect solution, but if your car has blue tooth then these won't be an issue for you.The bottom line is that I now use it, whereas I wasn't before. The main PLUS is that using the Echo Auto is MUCH FASTER AND EASIER than using the app on the phone. No buttons, no waiting. It works fast. I have no connectivity issues with my iPhone 8.OLD REVIEW FOLLOWS:Even though it has an internal speaker, the Echo Auto requires that you either connect to a Bluetooth speaker or to a wired speaker. It seems like it could use the internal speaker. If you have an older car then it's a pain to get it to work with a speaker or tape cassette adaptor.Also, now that I've set it up to use a speaker, I don't see the option to connect to Bluetooth.Since the Echo Auto is already connecting to my phone it seems like it should be able to reply via the phone's audio.The end result is that I don't use the Echo Auto. I don't really need Alexa in the car, and if I do I have the app on my phone, which works with no hassles. The Echo Auto is just a lot of hassles and presents yet another thing for car thieves to steal.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is great when & if it works right. I have 2. Initially it works perfectly. After a few weeks it starts having connection issues. So, with both units, bought 1year apart, I’ll have to unplug it from the cig lighter, & plug it back in so it’ll “reboot” and work. That trick doesn’t work anymore on the older one, hence the 2nd one. I had to use the Amazon music app on my phone to hear music play in my vehicle speakers. But that’s it, no Alexa.  Also, when you’re re around your vehicle, like go into the house, if someone calls you, it defaults to the Alexa auto. You have to select from a pop-up to change it to your phone or speakerphone. Very annoying. So, I unplug it in my vehicle when I go inside. I have Amazon music unlimited. A year ago I could ask it to play anything and it’d play it. Now I’ve noticed, some songs I’ve had it play in the past now it says “that songs only available with Amazon music unlimited.” Well, duh, that’s what I have! Lots of bugs with this! I won’t buy another.	3	March 21, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am using this with a 2008 Toyota Prius and an iPhone 11.  This car is old enough that while it pairs over Bluetooth for phone service, it has an audio pin jack for sound.  I bought this device to try for a wireless connection and to have the additional functionality of Alexa.When it works, it is wonderful.  It allows you use the device as if it were an Echo device in your home.  It allows you to play music, have it read books and control all the Caseta light switches and other IoT items running in your home.  When driving in remote areas with abysmal radio choices, your music preference is met and in that way it is superior to satellite radio, CD's or USB drives.  The sound is also excellent - better than radio.All these positive attributes aside, it is really finicky.  Roughly 25% of the time it prevents my phone from pairing with the car's Bluetooth so I can't make calls.  To fix this I have to turn the car off, unplug the Echo device and restart the car with the Echo device unplugged.  But of course then I don't have music or Alexa functionality.  Even if the Bluetooth phone connection works, It is equally unlikely to connect to the Amazon Alexa App requiring a series of restarts until the phone and the device pair.  Thus it is only fully operational about half the time.  It also gets wonky if you drive out of cell coverage for any period of time.I am sure that if I had a newer car it would work better, but then I would have carplay or something like it and not need this device.  Also, who has money for a new car after purchasing an iPhone!  I bought it as a convenient way to connect my phone's music to the car to use applications like Pandora and find the additional Alexa functionality to be fantastic - when it works.  But when it does not work, I find I am trying to reboot the device, re-load the application, re-start the phone and turn on and off the car at traffic lights - all of which is frustrating and probably a hazard.Hopefully these are software problem that can be fixed if there are enough customers with older cars to justify the effort, but in the interim, if you have a car similar to mine, this is not a consistent solution and often a source of frustration.  When Alexa does become self aware, she will likely hate me for all the awful things I have said to her while trying to get everything to work.So for the price they published when introducing the product, this is great, and if you are someone who like gadgets and hacking, it is worth it and can be loads of fun.  But if you just want to get into your car and have everything work, this could be a bit frustrating and a dedicated Bluetooth device to connect to the car's audio might be a better choice.  I think Amazon can do better and this product kind of tarnishes their brand.  But I also get that it is super hard to join all cars and phones and this was an ambitious project.  They should probably certify it for certain cars and phones while they work out the bugs.	2	January 28, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought these for two older cars without bluetooth. They stay on and connected with phone when car is off. They also seem to have problems connecting automatically when car is on. They also seem to lack the flexibility of in home echo dots etc. They seem to prefer certain phones over others and there is no way to switch phone input easily. Overall though it is an elegant solution with potential.	3	September 5, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall I enjoy this Alexa product, but there are several kinks that need to get worked out.I very much enjoy being able to utilize Alexa and all the functions that I could at home while on the road.  Being able to turn my lights on and off while driving is awesome, being able to request music without having to worry about picking up my phone is great, and also being able to use hands free calling while driving in my older car that doesn’t have Bluetooth is fantastic.The things I do not like really make taking advantage of the things I do like very frustrating.  I don’t know if others have had this problem as well, but in order to use my Auto Echo every single time I get in the car I have to unplug it and plug it back in just to get it to sync with my phone.  I find this very cumbersome.  I also don’t love how I have to open up the Alexa app every time I want it to pair, I wish there was a way for the device just to run through the app without me having to manually get into it every time.  I know it sounds trivial, but the combination of getting into my car and unplugging the device, and then opening up the app and waiting for it to sync just gets old.  Other things I notice is that the Auto Echo is just slower.  Doesn’t always pick up my voice right away, and then when it does it will light up but I’ll have to wait for the sound to actually signify its working, and then wait for it to actually carry out the command.  Another thing I’ve found strange is that the Auto Echo will frequently tell me that it has lost connection with Spotify.  I never loose connection with Spotify at home, I have the Spotify app on my phone, and I have my Alexa account synced with Spotify.  How the Auto specifically “looses” connection with this specific app baffles me, especially since I can then pick up my phone and manually open the app and play songs through the Alexa device.  It just won’t do it through voice command which is frustrating.Again, overall I enjoy the device, but these are some of the things that make it less enjoyable.Very much looking forward to future products to see if they can fix some of these little issues!	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I gave the product a total of 3 stars. I took 2 stars off for two really annoying problems that I experience with it daily.Issue #1: I'm not sure about other users out there but my vehicle parked outside of my apartment is just far enough so when I get into it, my phone is still connected to my WIFI network BUT it's far enough to where there are connection issues if I try to use it there. So in essence if I ever get into my car and ask Alexa to do something such as continue my book or play music It always says it's having trouble connecting. So I've gotten used to driving from about a minute or so before I ask Alexa for anything because I know it wouldn't work anyway. It's not deal breaking but it's really annoying. Not sure how Amazon would fix that issue seeing that many people's phones have to transition from WIFI to Cell Data when they leave they're houseIssue #2: I find myself repeating things to Alexa many times and it's really annoying. Not taking into account the issue of when I leave my house. Let's say I'm leaving work (Where my phone isn't on WIFI), I'll say Alexa, wait for it to ding so I know it's listening, then tell it to continue my book. I'll receive the ding that acknowledges it heard me, then absolutely nothing will happen. Usually I'll repeat the whole process again and then it will work but it's really annoying to have to give her the same command 2 times in a row to get anything done.Those are my 2 major issues. Other than that, the sound quality is great. When it's working correctly I love being able to ask Alexa to handle something for me while I'm driving instead of having to pull my phone out and do it manually. The mounting process was fairly simple. The little piece that holds the cable down is nice and it runs straight down to the charger port. It isn't gaudy or in the way. The build is nice and seems sturdy. No complaints at all about the aesthetics.In final thoughts one small complaint, why can I not change Alexa's trigger word on this device? All my other Alexa devices respond to Computer yet the option for the Echo Auto is non existent. I find myself saying Computer a lot in the car only to remember that I have to say Alexa instead. Annoying..	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First some background: I love tech and gadgets. Also, my car has an infotainment system with navigation, Bluetooth, and an auxiliary input. I mention this because in order to use the Echo Auto, you need to have either Bluetooth or auxiliary input already as there is no speaker with the Echo Auto. There is also no display either - and this is a problem.Echo Auto works through your cell phone - you need to have Alexa installed and set up on your phone. You may want to keep your phone charging as well - I tend to whether I need to or not. Echo Auto uses your phone's connection to the network to provide requested information.I found it entertaining to talk to Alexa, set Guard mode on the house, turn on lights, etc., while driving. The microphones on the little unit are amazing! I didn't want to use adhesive to mount it to the console so I usually keep it in the cup holder - or sometimes in the console storage. It picks up fine in the cup holder and sometimes even in the storage compartment - otherwise I'll open up the compartment to talk to it.From here it gets tricky.I connected both Bluetooth and aux and I'm not always sure which it is using. That means I have to switch sources on the infotainment system when I want to talk to Alexa including away from the dash navigation display. Sometimes it comes through Bluetooth, sometime aux. I've reported this to Amazon. If I play Pandora through Alexa, using Bluetooth the song title, artist, and artwork show on the console which is nice. If it comes through aux, it's sound only.For Pandora or IHeartRadio, this is no improvement to using the Lexus apps on the phone to connect with the car.Navigation is somewhat better. I can ask Alexa for a phone number or address of a business with voice commands, which I can't do with the Lexus system. It is also much faster at getting navigation directions and the voice prompts are quite clear as they come through the car's speakers. However, it does not use the in-dash display - it uses the phone's display -which defeats the idea of having a large in-dash display, and one might as well use Google Assistant and Maps.So, in summary, your car must have either Bluetooth or aux already installed to use Echo Auto. It's a fun gadget at $25, but I question if it is worth $50 - unless you just really love gadgets.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When this product first launched I was really excited. I thought it would be a great little gadget that would help make my driving experience a bit easier.However, it serves as nothing but a massive frustration and does not simplify the driving experience at all. If anything it makes it exponentially worse.For one let me get the inexcusable out. This product requires you to open the Alexa app on your phone in order to run. So, basically by itself it's totally useless, and serves as nothing but a bridge between you and your phone. While I do appreciate that Amazon is trying to reduce distracted driving; in execution it's poor and barely works.Next, the voice commands, and the biggest reason I even waited for my invite on this thing. Needless to say, it barely works. Often I will ask it to play a song from my Spotify playlist. I will have to repeat myself multiple times for it to understand anything. Even when it does pick it up, 9/10 times it plays the wrong song. Moreover, I'm not sure if it's a compatibility issue between the echo and my car, but while music will play it will freeze the screen on my radio display. Often this results in a frustrated mess where it will play an unfamiliar song that I like, and I have to either just ask it about 15 different variations of ""Alexa, what song is playing?"" until it finally gets it or just check your phone. Often times I get too annoyed and just end up checking my phone.While on the topic of voice commands,  when obtaining directions, I feel you have to be very specific about what you want to ask it, otherwise it will not know what you're talking about. For example there is a popular boba shop in my city (Irvine) called Happy Lemon. I will have to ask it about 28 times (I counted) directions for Happy Lemon in Irvine and it will ask for specifics such as street name (Which if I knew, I wouldn't be asking) or address number. Again, defeats the purpose. When it finally does find Happy Lemon, it's the location in Cupertino. Those unfamiliar with California; Irvine and Cupertino are about 400 miles away...I find that it is a common enough occurrence that I will need to ask it multiple times to do even the easiest of commands. Often times this does nothing but frustrate me and make me just pull out my phone.Finally, the last major annoyance I have is that it randomly wakes up during conversations when a word that doesn't even sound remotely like ""Alexa"" is said. Often interrupting a conversation I may be having with my friend in the car.And for those of you who may be wondering. No, I do not speak my English with an accent. I am from California; the voice recognition is just that terrible. And even if I did have an accent, that's no excuse.In short you should buy this product if any of the following scenarios sound ideal:1. You ask it 48 times to play ""Take Me Out"" by Franz Ferdinand; only to have it play ""Woman from Tokyo"" by Deep Purple2. You want to know where the nearest Starbucks is, and it tells you to go to one 5 states away.3. You're having a conversation with someone named John, and have the echo interrupt you every time you say ""John""4. You just like being very inconvenienced5. You like having to run battery draining apps on your phone just to obtain simple directions.Overall this product sounds great on paper, but in execution has a long way to go before it's ready for market. I've since disconnected mine, and will not be using it until further notice that the problems mentioned above have been fixed.I cannot recommend this product to anyone."	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Our vehicle is only 5 years old (2013) and my phone an S9 (2019) so I was rather surprised that we had such difficulties with it being set up as a go-between, between our phone and our car stereo system. We never had a problem connecting my phone calls through the car speakers until Alexa became the middleman. Set up took about an hour and a half to figure out. It should have been much easier but for whatever reason the configurations just were not connecting. In the few months that I've owned this, I still cannot figure out why sometimes I get in the car and turn on the vehicle and it immediately connects for phone calls and audio like it's supposed to. And other times, only the Alexa audio will go through but I am unable to use the speakers for my phone calls. When this happens I change the configurations and the connections in the Wi-Fi connections between all three devices, but get nowhere. Sometimes it requires turning off the vehicle and turning it back on and it magically connects.. It's a real pain when I get a phone call and I'm driving with Alexa Auto connected, and unable to figure out how to get that phone call to connect to the car speakers through the Echo. Obviously I will have to give customer service a call... as far as how the echo works in the vehicle, it's been kind of nice. I could put on any music I want or ask Alexa questions, or can add things to my Alexa lists, all by voice. The convenience is nice and we use this thing often. Now, I gave sound quality only two stars because we have a problem. When I tell Alexa to play music it puts it on so low that I have to crank up my speakers. If a phone call  or text comes through while this is happening, ouch! Notification sounds blast through the ears of even my daughter in the third row of our minivan - startling everyone. I really don't like how I have to change all of my configurations every time I get in and out of the van. Which is why I get startled frequently when I'm using Alexa for music and notifications come through...UPDATE: The Alexa Auto was so frustrating to turn on, off, change configurations constantly that it's been unplugged and unused for about a year now.	3	November 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is frustrating.  It is a very good start, and has a lot of potential, yet it is not quite their yet.If I understand correctly the state of Virginia has passed a law that will take effect July 1st, 2020, that essentially states that to use a cell phone while driving it has to be hands free.  I have a speech impairment where I only speak about 80 words a minute, and the average person speaks between 120 and 180 per minute.  Due to speech therapy I pronounce and speak my words clearly, without an accent.Echo Auto does not understand proper names, mis-understands a lot of what I say, nor does it give me much of an option to correct it so it better understands my spoken instructions.  It might understand that I want to make a phone call or listen to a radio station (on TuneIn or iHeart), yet it fails a good number of times to get the details correct.  Then when I review the questions in the Alexa app it only asks if it got it correct, it does not ask what I actually told it, so it doesn't learn.The other problem I am having is connecting/dis-connecting my phone to the Echo Auto.  When I am home I do not want to have to sit in my car to take or make phone calls.  It does not automatically disengage when I am home, and I have not had a chance to try it at work, yet I still expect the same problem.  Then when I turn off Bluetooth I have to turn it back on to get the Echo Auto to work again, along with pressing the button on the top to get it to pair up again.  It should automatically pair up when the phone is in a given range (maybe 6 ft/2M), and not force me to have to manually enable/disable Bluetooth.My car does not have Bluetooth built in, yet it does have the AUX jack.  This Echo Auto helps in that I can stream music from my phone and not have to worry about unplugging it to take a call in the car.  And it makes taking calls hands free, yet placing a call I still have to pick up my phone, unlock it, go to contacts, find the name, tap the phone icon, and only then can I use the Echo Auto as a hands free interface between my car's stereo and my cell phone.Pros:Adds a Bluetooth interface for my car to be able to answer calls hands free.Lets me carry on a conversation on the cell phone hands freeLets me stream music from my cell phone to my car without having to worry if I will have to unplug the phone to take a callCons:No way to provide good ongoing training so it can better understand you.It does not recognize proper names, or a lot of what I say.It does not automatically disconnect or pair up when the cell phone is within or outside a given range.It has to many steps involved to pair up the phone and the Echo Auto when you return to the carIt has split open like a clam, and like a clam, you can't get it back together without damaging it more (added 10/8/20).It is a good idea that needs better implementation.  It is headed in the right direction, yet it just is not ready for Amazon Prime time just now.Update Oct 8, 2020: The whole thing fell apart a couple months ago.  First the lid would pop off, and I could snap it back together.  This happened so often that the little snaps have broken off, and one of the buttons has popped out.  At this point I can not recommend this, not even on sale for $20.	1	March 8, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My only issue is that I turn my truck on, wait a minute or two and then when I say Alexa, it always says it lost the connection to my phone. Ok, no problem, reconnect. I’ve had a few instances where I’m sitting in the parking lot for 10 or 15 minutes pushing buttons and messing with the Bluetooth on my phone trying to get the thing to connect. In that time I could have made it home already. Not sure if other people have an issue getting it connected every day or not but for something that’s supposed to be convenient, it’s been a bit annoying so far. Especially when I have the USB cable hanging out of my stereo already. Never had a problem with that $4 cord.Also, the cords ALWAYS seem to hang out in my cup holder when I try to put my coffee down. Am I too lazy to do a little cord management?  Yes. But again, it’s supposed to be about convenience. Walking ALL the way up to the second floor to get a hair tie out of my daughters’ room isn’t convenient, especially since I’m already 15 minutes late to work everyday thanks to the snooze button.I’m sure some day I’ll look back and laugh about the Echo Auto when I’m flying my hover-truck to work and Amazon has implanted some microchip in my head so I just have to THINK Alexa to get Tim McGraw playing on my stereo. No cords, no disconnections, no Knight Rider light scanning me trying to connect to my phone. By then, I probably shouldn’t have anymore excuses getting to work late either (sorry Johanna!).This isn’t the most positive review, sorry Amazon, but this is what happens when you email a pretty go-with-the-flow guy who would normally only whine to his kids about something like the Echo Auto, asking for a review.By the way, I have those Echo Dots in a couple rooms in my house. My wife is a super cheapskate/conspiracy theorist and she walks through the house unplugging the Alexa/Dots (and the damn toaster! Ugh!) everyday. Is she right?  Do those things spy on you 24/7?  I’d say I was just talking bout the Alexa/Dots but I’m pretty sure I got my toaster from you guys too....so you never know (get outta my kitchen Jeff!)	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The description of what this device can do can and should be more clear.  It is a microphone that you pair to the Alexa app on your phone - that's the 1st part.  Now, even if you are not in your car, you can talk to Alexa on the Auto, it sends your request to the phone by BT and the Alexa app responds.  That's it.  Now, if your phone is paired to the car by BT, you are hear Alexa through the car speakers.  So, if you want o give up on the in-car nav and music and use Alexa for those, this device can work pretty well.  BUT you cannot be listening to the CD or the in-car radio and make this work.  There is one other wrinkle - if your vehicle has an AUX input but no BT this ought to work.  I tested this way 1st and could not make it work; but my vehicle has BT, my phone is paired to the car and it works that way.  It almost seems as if you should connect your phone to the car using the aux cable - that would make more sense, given the way this is supposed to work (I think), but there is a jack on this device that Amazon says that you should plug into the AUX of the vehicle.  And maybe that would work if my phone wasn't paired by BT to the car.  In any case, this is really a microphone that allows the Alexa app on your phone to do its thing - it's not a 'stand alone' Alexa device.	3	September 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Setup for this was pretty frustrating. I don't know how I got it to work. I'm an Uber driver and I use a 4G Ipad for navigation instead of a phone. I wanted this to connect to the Ipad. Well I followed the setup at least 10 times to no avail. For some reason the test sound was playing on an Echo Dot in my house according to my kid. I eventually gave up on the Ipad and decided to try my Iphone. It wouldn't work either but after I tried the phone, like some kind of magic, it worked on my tablet without redoing the setup. I have no idea how that happened but it did.My main plan for this was as a bluetooth adapter that I would plug in the Auxiliary port on my minivan. The built in Bluetooth is terrible. This thing does well. You might want smaller cables becasue they ones included are long. The long cables are to allow you to route them behind stuff though so you don't have cables flying all over. My setup is reasonable. You just have to be creative. It need power and if you don't have bluetooth in you car it need the audio cable. Don't know why people are complaining about that?As far as using it as an Echo device, well it is hit or miss. Amazon went way overboard with the protection. It literally reads you a paragraph about safety when you ask it for directions. It does not understand what you say at least half the time. You want to be concentrating on the road, not dealing with this thing. It has lost connection to the tablet several times for no reason. If I let it go it will eventually connect though. It works OK playing music. No real complaints there. Getting directions from it is absolutely terrible, You can't say ""Alexa, take me to Speedway"" and have it take you to the closest speedway. It will start reading off a list of nearby locations. After you decided which one (and its a chore sometimes becasue it will not understand you half the time, remember?) you have to listen to the safety notice and then tap an notification on your Iphone or Ipad in my case. Maybe it lets android phones open the nav app? Basically, navigation with this more frustrating than anything. It works great at a bluetooth receiver though."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It Ok	3	November 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This was just what was needed on the go since I'm a frequent driver who lives music.  This puts music at my call without hands.Didn't like that it came apart within a week of adding to my vent & of course I am unable to return... was a good buy but it's not very sturdy but it does still play for me.  Like the access	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works sometimes.	3	November 5, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of being able to just tell alexa what to play, however, it has a hard time understanding what I want it to play. There isnt really anything I can do in app to help it, so it is useless while driving, which was the point of getting it. Would probably be ok for someone that isnt specific about what they are asking to listen to.	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had this for a while now, probably 3 months. I try to use it every day.I have to say, this is very very very buggy at this point, and doesn't really work all that well.  When it chooses to connect and not connect is entirely beyond my understanding. I will be sitting in my house and cant hear anything on my phone, then I realize its connected to the echo auto in my car. I have to go to bluetooth settings and manually disconnect. I'll be like 40 feet from my car, and it'll connect. Even when I disconnect manually, it reconnects not long after.So, I constantly have this problem of it connecting when Im in my house, but when I get in my car and start driving then say ""alexa"" to wake it up... it gives me the darn ""auto has lost connection to your phone"".... it does this SOOOO much. Literally almost every time I start to drive. I have to wait until im stopped to just open the alexa app so it'll recognize it. It doesnt have to reconnect bluetooth, I just have to open the app. HOW INCREDIBLY POOR OF A DESIGN. I cant stress how often this happens, and how annoying it is. Sometimes, I have to unplug its power and allow it to reboot to get it to reconnectAlso, this should have a manual power button. It would be ideal if you could just tap the power button on and off when you get in and out of the car, if you wanted to. This would solve my 2 largest complaints with this (listed above).There are TONS of other things that are small bugs, maybe even just things that dont meet my personal preference.  All in all,l I'd say that WAIT TO BUY THIS. RIght now, its over priced, but still not even worth the $25 I paid for my early invite version.Update after roughly 10 months:So, after all the problems I mentioned earlier, I installed a kill switch in my car, that cuts power to the charging outlet, thus the echo. This has solved pretty much every problem I was having. Just click it on/off when getting in/out of the car.I still say, WAIT TO BUY THIS until they redesign it with some way to easily power cycle it."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would give it a 3 because you need a really great stable internet connection for this to work, besides that, when you speak to alexa you have to wait like 5 seconds so you can start speaking because the beap that sounds its very late, sometimes alexa does not play the type of music you ask her to play, also she does not know how to give directions. When alexa finally plays the song you want it works perfect and great.	3	August 14, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an older BMW that doesn't have bluetooth, but has an AUX input.  Previously I was using a little bluetooth adapter to connect my phone to the car.  But, this only provided sound, no ability to do phone calls because there was no microphone.I installed this last night.  Now I can do music AND talk on the phone with it.  But, the sound quality is awful.  My previous bluetooth adapter had crisp and clear sound with no distortion.  Not this thing.  At moderate volume, there is a ton of audio distortion.  I could go more than twice as loud with my old setup before hearing any distortion.Edit: I increased my review to 3 stars.  The distortion is because the audio output on this is NOT a line level output.  It's amplified, a LOT.  In fact, I bet you could power a set of speakers off the output, though I have not tried.  The instructions say to keep your bluetooth volume all the way up.  DON'T do this.  I turned my volume all the way down, and then clicked it up 2 clicks.  This is about the appropriate level required to get enough of a signal out of it, but not too much for it to be distorted.  Amazon needs to fix this in software.  Also, my phone doesn't remember the volume setting, or the Echo Auto doesn't, I don't know which.  So when I get out of my car and get back in later, the volume is turned way up when the phone pairs with the Echo Auto.  So then I have to manually go and turn it all the way down again and click it back up 2-3 times.  Pretty annoying.  I have the test gear to actually measure the output voltage and current, and then compare it to the old bluetooth thing I had that worked perfectly.  But, I don't have the time or the motivation to do this.  Amazon seriously needs to address this issue.  I'm guessing almost everyone who has one of these is having the same problem, but most are just not noticing/complaining about it because they aren't audio people.	3	February 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love all the features that Alexa offers, including directions, music, weather, news, interactive radio, etc.  The one frustrating thing about this device is that if you have your bluetooth connected to the car, and Alexa Auto connected to the car, the two don't interact very well.  It would be better if both could interact together.  Also, one suggestion to buyers:  Determine which side you will connect the power cord to, as that is the topography you will want to connect the bracket to so you don't have wires dangling.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"i got on the beta program for this and my first one slightly ahead of the release date. within a month i bought a second one.connection for both of them to my phones was easy. the alexa app must be installed but it is not needed for general use only configuration.my primary use is listening to my daily briefing during my commute, opening my garage door when i get home and dropping in on family while on the road. is it needed for most of those things? not really. i could do all of that with separate apps and a cell phone. what it does do is give me easy access to search results while driving. ie.. business open times, weather reports etc. things that a infotainment system needs physical control to do.i placed both of mine behind the dash  the vent mount that comes with these are crap. in my truck i used a switching cig lighter plug to allow me to power on off the device as needed for privacy/power saving.the devices works for what it is designed to do. be an adjunct between a vehicles radio and the alexa network. it does that pretty well. cable management and the mount are pretty bad. the device is also fairly large for what it is. Audio detection and clarity is good, even tucked behind my dash panels.for me this is one of those things thats kinda cool but not really needed. i am not sure i see a real need for alexa in my car other than opening the garage doors easier. waze and google are better for navigation and if you have android auto or carplay this becomes even less of a ""need"".cool toy if you really like alexa and want it for the car."	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received my Echo Auto after almost a year of waiting and it was returned to Amazon as soon as I tried to set it up since it will only work if paired to a phone via Bluetooth and not via WiFi hotspot.I had been using an Echo Dot in my vehicles with a Verizon mobile hotspot and was excited to hear about the Echo Auto and signed up for an invitation soon thereafter.While I was waiting to get my hands on an Echo Auto, I purchased an Echo Input when they went on sale for $19.99 and put it in my vehicle in place of the Echo Dot.  I had subsequently bought two additional Echo Inputs when they were on sale to put in other vehicles that I own.I had planned on moving the first Echo Input to a fourth vehicle when I received my Echo Auto.I am disappointed that I can not use it with my hotspot and will only work when tethered via Bluetooth to my mobile phone, this is not an ideal solution for several reasons.1) My vehicles are used by several people.  With an Echo Input or Dot regardless of who is driving a vehicle, the Echo device works without needing to have each user load the Alexa app on their phone and set up my device on their Alexa app.  This needs to be done each time a new driver takes the vehicle with the Echo Auto if they want to use it.2) My hotspots have unlimited data, my phones have a  data limit and are tethered to the vehicle hotspots when they are in the vehicles.3) If someone else is driving and they drop me off the Echo Auto will disconnect from my phone and stop working. This was never an issue with the Echo Dot or Input on the hotspot. Two of my four vehicles have hotspots integrated into the vehicles, the other two have Verizon Jetpacks.4) The power optimization on phone needs to be disabled for the Alexa App, so the app will run constantly in the background and in doing so drain my battery faster than normal.I had called Amazon device support to see why I can't just use the Echo Auto with my hotspot. I was told that it was designed to tether to a phone via Bluetooth only and will not work directly with a hotspot or WiFi connection since it uses the Alexa app on the phone to do everything. I was told that the Echo Auto also lacks a WiFi radio. So WiFi support cannot be fixed with a firmware update, only if a second-generation Echo Auto is ever released with a WiFi radio.For all intents and purposes, the Echo Auto is just a Bluetooth microphone that interfaces to the Alexa app on your phone and not much else; especially since it can't work at all without being tethered to a mobile phone via Bluetooth.Why would anyone spend the  $24.99 introductory price, or the even more outrageous $49.99 MSRP, for a Bluetooth adapter?Especially if you could just Bluetooth tether your phone for free to your car and set the Alexa app to be your phone's default voice assistant.If your car does not have Bluetooth you can buy a much cheaper Bluetooth adapter like the $16.99 Anker Roav SmartCharge F0 Bluetooth FM Transmitter on Amazon and set the Alexa app to be your phone's default voice assistant.Both of the options listed above will give you the same functionality of the Alexa app on your phone without needlessly wasting money on an Echo Auto.The Echo Auto I have been waiting almost a year to receive was sent back to Amazon to be resold as a Warehouse Deal or on Woot! and I will be buying a 4th Echo Input when they go back on sale or show back up in Amazon's Warehouse Deals.	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Instalado en el auto como maños libre y reproductor de música	3	October 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When ordered it mentioned that it worked with my vehicle. That wasn’t correct. I checked vehicle information before ordering the merchandise	3	October 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do not like Echo Auto and I'm so disappointed because I was really excited about it. I have Bluetooth in my truck and the newest model of my phone so I was surprised that I had to work so hard to connect it the first time... and then all the other times. Going through the whole setup every single time is time consuming and I just want to get in my vehicle and go. When we did get it to work the directions were terrible and helping me find a gas station or anything like that was terrible.The auxiliary cord never worked. That was what I was hoping for during long trips where the Bluetooth might cut out in rural areas. That's just a basic thing to plug it in and be able to use it. Such a disappointment. I mostly just wanted it to listen to amazon prime music. This wound up being the deal breaker for me... The Alexa app holding the last song that was playing. After I got out of my truck, it kept popping up in my notification bar or on my screen. There's no way to just close the app and make it go away. Restarting my phone every.single.time. is just beyond annoying. I'm glad that some others said that this happened to them too. I was trying to figure out how this app was overriding my whole phone system and taking priority. Then I remembered that I had to give it that permission during setup. Sigh. No app or device should be able to be in charge of my phone and do whatever it pleases.My husband and son basically agreed that they didn't really see the point in owning it. Most of the time we thought it was playing through echo Auto only to find out that it was actually just playing through my phone via blue tooth. How annoying to hear music playing, give a command, and realize that I have to get out my phone to do anything with it. Starting the whole connection process again in traffic just isn't what I consider safe. If you want to pay $25(that was my cost when I got the invitation) and be aggravated every time you get in your vehicle... I'm just hoping to give it to someone who's bored and very patient.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The first issue I noticed was that this requires that Alexa be running on your phone at all times.  Rather than just connecting with Bluetooth like most apps, if Alexa isn't running you can't use the device at all, to just play music, books, or handle phone calls.  My Moto G5+ normally will run all day and have at least 60% battery left in the evening, but after setting up Echo Auto I noticed the phone was warm, and Alexa had used 11% of my battery despite not even having been connected to the Echo Auto since setup.  If you allow Android to optimize battery use for Alexa, it won't connect and is a hassle to have to start Alexa and get reconnected.I've been using a Bluetooth adapter for the audio system on my '06 Prius, connected via FM or AUX cable, and it works great...integrates with my Android phone, plays music/podcasts, navigates, finds food or gas, etc, but to communicate with the Google assistant you have to press the button on the Bluetooth device first.  While that's not much of a problem, I thought this Echo may make voice-only operation possible, but it just complicates things, and is very limited in what it can do.  It can't open or use any apps or music/books stored on my device unless it's via Spotify or Audible.  I can't listen to NPR news through the NPR One app, or do much of anything that's not Amazon-related.Initial setup was so-so.  It took several tries to get the app to connect with the device, getting ""setup failed"" messages, but it finally did connect and then was OK.  Unfortunately, the next morning it told me it couldn't connect with Alexa on the phone, and even when I started Alexa, it still said it couldn't connect.  Considering what I had already found out (above) I erased it, unplugged it, put it back in the box, and it's going back despite the nearly half-price CyberMonday cost.  I wouldn't want it for free, it just complicates the fairly simple use of my phone through the Bluetooth adapter.Perhaps, if you have a lot of Echo devices at home, and like to do things while driving like ""Alexa, close my garage door"" or ""Alexa, order me a bottle of dish soap"" it might be of some use, but even if it connected and worked flawlessly, and didn't require Alexa to be running constantly on the phone, it's not as functional for me as just having the phone connected through Bluetooth or the AUX cable.  Plus, I don't really like the idea of having to say something like ""Alexa, resume playing of my audiobook"" when I return to the car...I'd rather just hit the 'play' icon on the phone, or in cars with built-in bluetooth, have it resume automatically.Apparently, Alexa can communicate with a few of the apps on the phone, for navigation, reading texts and making calls, along with Spotify and radio apps, but not all, so it's limited in what it can do, and you're likely to get an ""I can't find anything about ...."" message instead of it doing what you want with an app on your phone.  It's, for me, just not worth the trouble, and seems much more limited than the Google assistant."	2	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Had nothing but problems with Bluetooth connectivity	3	October 23, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been using Amazon Alexa enabled devices in my home and for the most part we love them. I have 40+ including 3 Echo shows, 4 Echos and Echo Dots, a Echo Tap, 10 Amazon Blink 2 cams, loads of smart plugs and Hue lights and we have been pretty happy with them. Got the Echo Auto in November and it was a easy install in the car. the primary selling point for getting the Echo Auto was to use as a car phone because of the 8 mics and it would be better than the FM transmitters that I have been using in the car to make calls from my iPhone XR MAX and send to Bluetooth to hear over the cars speakers. so for the past month I have been making calls and people say they have trouble hearing me well sometimes. the Echo Auto is connected to my air vent and positioned a foot and a half in front of me at just below chin height. I understand I am calling from a moving vehicle but when using the phone on speaker phone not connected to Bluetooth they can hear me just fine and much louder.phone is about 6 inches away from Echo Auto. the other thing that is very annoying is even when playing music at a low volume I have to ask alexa several times to play music from a different app (tune-in) before it will play. whne I say the wake word it beeps tone so I know it is ready for my command. also after playing for a short while it will just stop playing and I have to ask it to play again. this doesn't happen very often with my other Alexa devices. and maybe this is by design but if I get a phone call even if its very short it does not resume playing music. this is especially annoying because I am using Tune-in and every time you start playing station again it gives several commercials first. I do like the convenience of asking for weather conditions and my commute time. Over all I do like it but if I have to recommend this to my friends I have to be upfront about what the pro's and cons are.Dean R.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I find this frustrating. It's not responsive and I have trouble with it disconnecting and reconnecting while driving.	3	October 10, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am an avid Amazon product user, but I am completely dissatisfied with the Amazon Echo.  The fact that it's selling for $50 and has 4 stars baffles me.  This is one man's opinion, but here it is:Siri/Cortana can do everything that this product can, but I purchased this because of the sophistication and ease of use that it promised.  Considering I had an older vehicle, I thought this would be a great way to give it an affordable upgrade.The setup seems simple enough.  Essentially, you are to plug in the device and easily connect to Bluetooth and the Alexa app.  Unfortunately, it took me over half an hour to ""discover"" the device, and I was following the directions given perfectly.  It was certainly upsetting but I was so excited to have it finally integrated and functioning I wanted to give it a proper chance.When the product works, it is a dream.  I can search songs, podcasts, weather updates, local gas prices, popular restaurants near me-you name it; only when it works, though.  Literally every trip I've used the app I've had to restart the connection because it drops.  We thought maybe it was due to the area we lived in, or even my phone, but my wife had the safe struggles when we went on a road trip and linked her phone.I am still using this product, but I've invested money I can't get back out of it.  Save a buck and look for another device unless you are patient and understand the hassle."	2	July 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First let me say I am a big fan of amazon devices and was excited to get an invite to put Alexa in my car for just $25.00. I had no trouble hooking it up and getting started. I started with some simple things like asking Alexa to play a radio station or some music in my amazon music library. Worked great. I could tell her to add something to my shopping list and such. I Asked it for directions and it connected to google maps on my phone and gave me directions. I loved that I did not need to take out my phone and open the maps ap, enter address etc. I also loved that I could tell Alexa to send a text message and I could just speak the message and it would send that message as a text with a link to an audio recording of my voice speaking the message. It really made so many more things hands free and that was great.....WHEN IT WORKS! The reason for my 3 stars is I have been able to do all of these things so I know it can do them but it doesn't always work and I find that so frustrating. Way too often I say Alexa and it lights up and I speak and then nothing... eventually it dings and the light goes out. It would be nice if it at least said. I didn't understand you or please repeat or something to tell you why it simply is not working. I am not asking it to do anything I have not already seen it do. I have also found when it comes to music I can tell my Alexa at home to play a song and it plays right away but in the car it doesn't seem to find the song. So this would and could be a great little device if it worked all the time. When using a hands free assistant you want it to be reliable. I hope there will be updates and improvements to the device making it better in the future. One other warning..... I have to Max out my car stereo volume to hear anything Alexa says and that means remembering to turn it back down when you are not using Alexa. I am surprised I didn't blow my speakers the one time I forgot and switched to FM radio!!!	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Full disclosure, I purchased the Echo Auto as part of the ""by invitation only trial.""  So, I'm not sure if this review will show up as a ""verified purchase.""  When I try to write a review from my actual order, Amazon will not allow me to write a review from that location.  The reason given was, ""This item has not been released yet and is not eligible to be reviewed..""  However, Echo Auto is available for sale right here.I tried the Echo Auto in a 2015 Chevrolet LT Truck using an Apple iPhone XS.  I have to say that while I was able to get my Echo Auto working, the integration left a lot to be desired.For starters, every time I selected Bluetooth as my input, random music would start playing. Sometimes the music was not appropriate, and indeed, it was not a song that I had requested.  In fairness to Amazon, this issue could be related to the specific electronics in my vehicle.I'm a Waze user, and while the Echo Auto could coexist with Waze, it was challenging to achieve and maintain a volume level that would match between  Alexa and Waze.  I found myself continually wanting to adjust the audio levels.I tried asking Alexa to find a few things, such as a barbershop, food, etc. Even though I live in a large metropolitan area with lots of options nearby, Alexa was unable to identify some obvious nearby choices. It would sometimes counter with choices that were many miles away.  Echo Auto was also less than impressive at providing directions.Finally, while the vent mount provided is functional, it ultimately just created an unappealing​ eyesore and made the auto vent less useable.  I am hoping that some more mounting options will become available in the future.I am a huge fan of Alexa, and I have a significant investment in the Amazon Echo ecosystem.  That being said, at the moment, the Echo Auto is the one device in the ecosystem that is not for me. I have, for the time being, pulled the plug and shelved the Echo Auto.  I may revisit it this spring to see if Amazon has improved the integration, but for now, it's sitting on the shelf."	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do not recommend the Alexa Auto.  It sounds good when it is working, but it does not work well at all.  You have to keep the alexa software open in your phone and if you switch away to use navigation software it disconnects!  It is quite simply, poorly designed.  Unlike echo dots, which have their own software, this thing is just a glorified microphone for your cell phone, which does 100% of the work.  As a result you really have to dedicate your phone to it while driving, so much so that using your navigation software can interfere.  Furthermore, every time I start my car the echo seizes control of my phone, but what if I just started it to warm up.  I took a call on my phone and realized that I had to disconnect my bluetooth earpiece because I had to disconnect all bluetooth just to use my phone.  Additionally, because I don't have unlimited data on my phone, the tendency for the alexa app to keep running even if you shut off the radio means that you risk burning through a lot of data very fast, which we did.  Fortunately we started playing with this thing near the end of the month, because I might have blown through a data cap I seldom get even close to using half of.  So for me this item is a poor fit, but a user with unlimited data would have a very different experience.Update:  I spoke with a lovely Amazon rep who contacted me for further insight into my discontent with my echo auto.  Since I left my negative feedback I realized that the only reason why Echo Auto wasn't any good for me was that my car already has voice input capabilities and Bluetooth to speak to my phone. If I was driving in a car that did not have those capabilities already the echo Auto would be the only way for me to use voice commands to control an Alexa device conveniently. Furthermore I want to comment on the fact that when I decided to return my echo Auto I found that the process was fairly easy oh, and I was able to do it entirely on the website. So if you are thinking of trying the echo Auto you might want to go ahead and give it a chance because you might find that it works great for you. This is one of the reasons why I am always comfortable shopping on Amazon, because I can tell they care about my experience as a customer, I have ordered probably a few thousand things from Amazon buy now and I have never had an experience where I was ultimately disappointed. You can rely on these guys to get it right or to make it right. Keep up the good work folks!	2	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have an older car so my husband ordered this for me so that I could be hands free as I use the phone a lot in the car.  I have used other bluetooth handsfree devices, and unfortunately I have found them all to be difficult and hateful.  I use them temporarily until something goes wrong, or disconnects, or they are just too user unfriendly to justify their existence. He thought this one would be a game changer.  It's not, but its a little better.Music: This is the only reason this product is slightly better.  I can say, ""Alexa, play The Beatles,"" and it will.Phonecalls: I must use voice commands to answer the phone or else it will default to my phone and weirdly place me on mute so when I answer the other person cannot hear me.  I tried fighting with this device for some time before realizing that voice answering was the issue, so every car conversation started with mute.  Also, once the conversation is on your phone, its also really difficult to transition back to bluetooth.  Any attempt usually ends up with a disconnecting call. These issues made it useless for phone calls, and now only slightly better with the benefit of learning but the technology was not intuitive which makes the learning harder than it should be.Text messages: It doesn't so don't even try, very disappointing that this device doesn't interface with texting.  It sends some weird audio message if you try, its word, don't try it.If I weren't planning a newer car purchase soon, I would definitely go back to the drawing board and try to find something better.  I haven't looked that hard, its difficult for me to accept this is the best thing out there but it very well might be for those of us trying to retrofit handsfree into old cars."	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've been using the Echo Auto for almost 5 months but I never really used it until I took a long road trip.  Going to and from work I found myself listening to the regular radio but it was great having a hands-free opportunity to switch over to the Echo Auto when I wanted to miss commercials or stream a specific song.  Unfortunately, that is the largest drawback of the device.  Unless you only use Bluetooth or the auxiliary in and dedicate your radio to this device, you need to switch to this device when you want to ask question, play a song, or use any of the Echo's features.  My father-in-law bought one and that was the most confusing part to him.  He has his phone paired with his car and phone calls interrupt the radio but Alexa doesn't and his first question is ""Why doesn't it work like my phone?"".  Having to switch over to this device in order to easily interact with it is by far the largest drawback.Now, what is this device good for?  After driving 12+ hours in a day, this is great for keeping the music going that I want to listen to.  Sure, I could buy a satellite radio subscription but I'm already paying for ""unlimited"" data for my phone so this allows me to utilize that data and do it hands free.  For $30 - $40, this works for me.After using it a while, here is my experience:Pros:Hands-freeAccess to the Echo ecosystemEasy setup and even easier to move between vehiclesCons:Switching inputs to have access to AlexaVoice recognition struggles when windows are open or lots of road noise requiring you to yell at your EchoWeird glitches when something is streaming and you ask Alexa something and she responds with ""Your phone has lost it's internet connection, please try again."", meanwhile, you continue to stream a station or playlist for the next 10 milesI'm giving this a solid 3 stars from a music perspective as it made my long drive feel much shorter, but don't buy this expecting the same experience as an Alexa integrated device at home."	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Update: March 24, 2021After using this in my truck for a while now it has become increasingly frustrating. The device will work well for about a week, then it quits connecting to my phone automatically. In order to get it to reconnect to my phone I have to unpair it from my phone's bluetooth, delete it from my Alexa app, and unplug and plug it back in, then go through the entire setup procedure again. This is extremely frustrating.I have tried some troubleshooting and have switched the power source to a plug in my truck that is always on, even if the truck is off. I was hoping that would keep the device powered up all the time and help it connect faster and more reliably. That is not the case. I have enabled the Alexa app to run in the background on my phone and tried all the settings in the app but after about a week it just stops working. I need to do some looking and see if I can possibly update the device somehow. We love our Alexa devices in our house and they all work effortlessly, but the Echo Auto just plan sucks. I hope Amazon can get this worked out.I've wanted one of these for in my truck since they came out, however poor reviews, high price and reports of compatibility kept me from buying one. I figured with time and software updates it would get better. After quite some time I finally decided to give it a try and got it ""on sale"".My biggest question which I couldn't really get answered was does it connect to the alexa app on your phone automatically when you get in the car and yes it does.My truck has Bluetooth so I was able to connect alexa to my truck without any wires except for the power cable. Once power was on I set alexa up within the app like I have with many other alxea devices we have already. Setup and connections were quick and easy.Once everything is connected it all works just like our echo dots in the house. It's pretty nice. Unfortunately a limitation of my truck is I have to have Bluetooth input selected on my truck in order to hear anything from alexa.My absolute only complaint is if I remote start my truck and get in a few minutes later alexa doesn't connect automatically to my phone, I have to manually connect. If I just get in and start it up normally it connects with no problem. My guess is after a certain amount of time alexa stops searching for paired phone and that's why. I'll try messing with it some more to see if I can figure it out."	2	February 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like the idea of the Alexa car device, but I wish that it worked better. Hopefully, it will get better. I'm glad that I got it on sale.	3	September 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was lucky enough to get this early, so I immediately installed it in my car.  I have a 2019 Toyota RAV 4 and I plugged it in, followed the installation instructions and was up and running with Alexa in my vehicle!  Great! Not really!  I listen to most of my music from a thumb drive and to do this I have to be in the audio mode of my car.  The only way that Alexa would respond to my commands is if I would go into the menu and switch to the bluetooth mode of my entertainment system.  After playing with it for about a week, I simply ignored it and left it on audio to listen to my music!  After a while, read days, I made a phone call from my car and when the party I was calling answered, I said hello, started  talking and then the person on the other end could no longer hear me!  They did hear me at first but then, not!  So I called back: The same thing!  I let it go, as I don't make many calls from my car anyways.  Then yesterday I tried to place an order to my favorite eatery, while driving home, and they heard me place the order, but before I could tell them who I was, they could no longer hear me, even though I could hear them fine.  I called back and I could still hear them answer, but they could not hear me!  I ended up stopping, placing my order, apologizing for what happened and waiting for my order to be complete.  I called my friend to let her know I made it home and I could hear her, but after a minute or so she couldn't hear me.  On a stroke of inspiration I opened my center console and noticed Alexa was on and the red band was fading  out.  I disconnected her from the system entirely and recalled my friend.  No problems!  Not sure what was going on except, maybe Alexa was trying to take control of my phone calls!  I haven't returned to trying to use it again, so if I do, I will let you know how it turns out!	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought it so hubby could give up his SirusXM but he didn’t find it useful. It would keep cutting off and he would have to tell it to start over again.	3	September 19, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I actually like the idea the problem is that it just really doesn't play nicely with the audio system in my car.  It connects just fine to the phone and works perfectly for that but the problem is getting the audio from the car stereo while listening to something like Sirius XM or radio.  Technically it would work perfectly if I wanted to waste my data and stream music from the phone instead of using the cars system.  The problem is that it requires you to have your audio source set to bluetooth or AUX.  This means I can't use it while the car stereo is playing without switching sources which means If I want to listen to music I have to use my phones battery and data up.That said functionally it works fairly well, calling, asking a question, etc work great most of the time but it isn't perfect but still works 99% of the time.  It can easily hear you and never really had any issues even sitting on the dash in the Arizona sun for over a year now.  I was actually surprised how well it held up to the heat.  I stuck it right on the top of my dash in the sun with the velcro tape it came with, sadly mine never came with the vent clip.  Even with the stereo cranked and going 80 down the highway it rarely had any trouble with voice recognition for me.  That said sound quality itself was a bit hit and miss in my experience, the Bluetooth audio quality just isn't that good.TLDR if your streaming music from the phone this works decently well and is perfect for older car audio systems.  If you car has a newer system that supports bluetooth calling and android auto, airplay or you use the cars built in XM system then don't bother use those systems because those will all work much better than this.	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was SO excited to be able to be one of the first to try out this new product.  I LOVE my Echo Dots at home and thought it was genius to have the same technology in my car.  The product arrived in a box that reminded me of an Apple package.  It came with easy to follow and thorough instructions as well as a couple of different ways to mount it, a cord, and a plug.  I found it simple to connect for the first time.  I primarily use this to listen to my Amazon unlimited music.  I love being able to ask for whatever song, genre, or artist I am in the mood for.  I also love that I can ask Alexa anything while driving and my five-year-old son has enjoyed playing the different games it can do.After having used this now for a few months I am extremely frustrated.  I have had to totally reset and reconnect this device multiple times.  It's very aggravating to be in the car and try to ask Alexa to get some music on and get no response or get a response that Alexa is having trouble connecting with my phone when my phone is having no problem connecting to my car's Bluetooth.  Also, because I live in SW Florida my device has been overheated on multiple occasions and has had to take some time to cool down before it would function.Overall I think this concept is amazing.  I do still use my device and am really happy when it functions how it is supposed to.  I believe as a first-generation this product is OK.  I'm sure they will make new models and hopefully they will function much better than this first one.  If you love your Echo in your home I would recommend this product, but know that it may not always function and you will have to reconnect it often.  If you are going on a longer trip I would recommend making sure it is connected properly before getting on the road.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I particularly use this as a hands free blue tooth interface to connect my phone to my normie stereo. Calls are good and clear on both ends, voice commands for contact lookups and message recall are good enough.My biggest use is Streaming and controlling Spotify though this device! Which is a great experience all around.Where this device lacks is in its engineering and development. To begin it generates a fair amount of heat in operation. Longer it's on the hotter it gets. If you have this connected to a power jack that say, is constant on even when the car is off? Your going to have a bad time. If it's hot outside and your car is one of those darker colors...your going to have a bad time... Lastly if you have a newer phone with a newer blue tooth protocol....yup, bad time.But why? Well as good as it is this device has trouble with heat dissipation, and while it won't entirely stop working like that Garmin you left on your dash, it seams to have an extremely low tolerance for heat. Requiring constant reboots and occasionally re synchronization with the app.Great product for under $20 used or new doesn't matter. Don't buy it for $50 or in my case $70 I'll continue to use these, I love it. But if you can, wait for gen 2.Note to amazon:For gen 2 consider better thermal distribution, particularly for the Blue tooth transmitter. I feel that would solve ALOT of your problem. Yes I'm certain that's why you included the AC vent mount lol :>	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I should have paid closer attention to the reviews that have already been made. I’ve had it a couple weeks now and I really am not seeing the benefit. It will only talk to me when I have the channel on for the Phone music. I don’t know if it is Device specific But it can’t provide directions because it never knows where I’m at. Needless to say, I am disappointed.	3	August 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My feelings on the Echo Auto are mixed.  When it works, it's a dream to have in the car.  In the mood to hear a song?  Ask Alexa for it.  Want to hear random 80's rock music?  She'll play an 80's rock station for you.  It's looking stormy, should I worry?  Alexa will look up the local weather for me.  The the price, that kind of voice control is great.That's when it works.  I've had several times where Alexa will lose access to the Amazon Music and/or Alexa applications.  I'm using an iPhone 8 with iOS 13 version.  Alexa and Apple can't seem to get along consistently.  When the loss of access happens, I need to open the Amazon Music app manually and click the ""OK"" button on the error message to fix the issue.  A couple of days later, it will happen again.  There doesn't seem to be a specific trigger, it just happens randomly.The vent mounting system is ""good enough"".  I have it installed in a 2018 Ford Escape, which has a bunch of vents at weird angles.  Since the Echo needs to remain plugged in to the adapter for power, I picked the bottom-center-driver side vent.  This keeps the cord out of my way and prevents it from blocking my environmental controls.  The passenger side would work better, but I find that the voice activation has a hard time hearing me properly from the passenger side.  I would prefer some kind of system that allows me to place the Echo any place within the car, or to mount it on the center console.  I'm expecting some 3rd party to come up with a better mounting system that I will leap at the chance to buy; until then, I'm firmly in the ""fine, but could be a lot better"" camp for the mount included with the device.I'm happy I bought the Echo Auto and would recommend it to anyone who is essentially being a beta tester.  For the those with no tolerance for issues, I would suggest waiting until a Gen2 is released, or until the firmware and apps receive a few updates to increase reliability."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update: Literally, I got a software update and it seemed the location part of things seems to have been fixed, it’s now finding my location on a regular basis. That, coupled with Amazon reaching out to me for my original review bumped this to 3 stars.Original review: I waited for a couple months to rate this. This bought-at-release discount product needs help. It replaces a $25 Anker Bluetooth device that I used for my iPhone to stream music and answers calls in my car. As far as answering calls go, it’s a bit better than the Anker, as it has more mics in it, call quality I’m told sounds better when speaking  Now the bad news...Connection is sometime-ish. It’s not an instant connection, sometimes it takes a little while to connect, sometimes it doesn’t connect. I guess I’m not turning the car key fast enough? And when it does first connect, when I first ask it a question, Alexa promptly responds with good morning or hello, so I have to repeat the question again. Very annoying.For music, Alexa only connects to my Amazon music, not saved music on my iPhone, not Pandora, not Apple Music, not SoundCloud. Kinda sucks that it cannot connect to these other music options.The placement thing is okay-ish, but those two thick lines to connect to it makes placement awkward and I’m not a big fan of having cord permanently showing in my car. It should have one flat cord leading to the rest of the cables further down so you can have a flat install. I am NOT placing it on the vent with all those wires hanging off. My brother has one in his luxury vehicle and it looks so out of place.Location for me is a no-go. I ask for directions and Alexa tells me I need to connect to it, I have it setup as ‘while in use’, which does not work. I then put it in as full-time location(which I really don’t like) and it still can’t tell me where things are, it keeps telling me I’m home, when I’m not.Overall, the idea is nice, but the execution fails miserably. Hoping future updates are in the works to address the above issues.	3	October 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have Echos all over our house that we love. But for the car, the Echo Auto is already looking to be more trouble than it's going to be worth - for us.Problem 1 is that if you share a car, and have 2 phones, you can't really choose which phone connects and therefore, which Amazon account is in play for any given trip. That's rather a big deal. That would have been Job One to solve, if I was directing this product development. Problem 2 is that you have to have the Alexa app running on your phone. If it's not, you've got to fumble to get your phone, find and open the app and wait for it all to wake up. If I'm going to go to that trouble, I can just use the phone directly - something I've just realized I could do, since I placed the order for the Echo Auto device. Problem 3, if you don't have a great phone battery - then you've got to plug your phone in. And, the way we've got is set up, the dash has sprouted 2 more ugly cables for power and AUX connections. Oh yes - you've got to have a good cell data connection too.I've never let any of our Echos (Amazon) access contacts, so we don't use them to make calls between anything but our local devices. I was just kind of hoping to seamlessly extend smart-home and intercom functionality to the car. Playing music or other content was already covered, not something we regularly use Echo/Alexa for. We order lots of stuff, but never use any of our devices to - and almost certainly never will - order things from Amazon. Sorry Jeff - not gonna happen. Smart-home control and the silly Alexa queries we routinely seem to make, are where it's at for us.On the plus side, the device listens well and the sound through the car is good. I'll try it for a few more days, but if I regularly have to fiddle with stuff in the car in order to make it go, I'm pretty sure the Echo Auto device is going to be returned.Updated - I gave it a try for over 6 months and have removed it. Having the Echo in the car has proven to be nothing more than an ill-behaved Bluetooth speaker. Incoming phone calls always get routed through the Echo - regardless of where the car volume is set. There's always a frantic rush to find the connected iPhone and switch to the handset audio. We don't do phone calling with our house-bound Echo devices and don't want the (Echo and) car audio involved either. Why can't the thing just respond to Alexa requests and keep it's nose out of all other business? No one would have Echo devices in their home (we have one in every room) if they behaved at home the it does in the car. The random phone/account connecting in the car is a big problem too. This dramatically alters what the device does, depending on which phone/account is active. All of the flaws have proven fatal to pleasant useful interaction with Alexa in the car.	2	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	this was a easy device to set up, however its constantly disconnecting and will not work untill i either turn off and on BT, restart phone or usually i just have to power cycle the alexa auto itself. very unreliable device and dangerous to use. i cant make phone calls unless i allow import contacts from alexa app, which im given a error try again when i try to do so. Amazon is no help, ive did 2 dozens thing's and regreting taking their advice to factory reset my phone even when it take me hours to set it back up the way i had it. it didnt work but i took 2 hours putting my phone settings back up.you cant even make a text/SMS which is safer then calling. dangerous.its darN near silent inside my car, and i litterly have to yell, ALEXA over and over for it to recognize the call word. for like 9 mics, they all are so horrible.like i said, im glad it was free for me but i'd have it returned already. just buy a android auto deck for you vehicles people and save the headache me and others valid reviews and dont even waste your time with this device, WHICH cant even recieve firmware updates!	2	July 23, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device itself is very nice. I just don’t find it very useful. There’s not much the device can do for you. Also, your phone has to have service and must have bluetooth on and connected to the device for it to work.	3	September 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Summary: pretty solid device, easy setup & integration. However, sound/voice, cords, and interaction are just lacking.  Nearly a great experience, but falls short in a number of areas.I'm an alexa fan. I own 6 devices at home & at the office.  At this point, I can't imagine what life would be like without a device.  I was beyond excited with the prospect of getting Alexa to follow around in the car.  However, I'm a bit disappointed.On the plus side:1) it is a fully functional alexa, who can do all the things a dot can do: make lists, play music, set reminders, control devices.2) easy setup.  Just plugged her in & turned on my phone and was working in 5 minutes or less.3) easy integration. all my skills and setup already configured.  Settings, everything carried over.  Really felt like it was just another dot installed.On the minus side:1) lots of cords. I mean, a LOT of cords.  Going all over the place.  I should have probably taken it to a mechanic or someone to mount her in such a way as to minimize the cords. But it feels messy.2) Voice recognition is harder. She doesn't respond as well, doesn't respond as quickly, and harder to tell when she has understood.3) volume controls are clunky. having to control on my phone, on her, and on my radio all at once. Just not great.  Wish it was more seamless, but I'm constantly having to adjust.4) no radio + alexa.  If you install this, you lose the radio features of your car stereo.  If you listen to the radio, you can't have alexa respond. It is annoying to switch back and forth.5) it feels like she struggles more with questions.  We ask her what time something is open, or where something is located, and it is just harder to do. It is disappointing.I have a 2015 Subaru Forester, a Samsung Android phone, and connecting via usb cord to my car stereo.	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am a huge Amazon Alexa fan and pretty much every room in our house has one of the echo versions, in fact in our living-room we have 2 Dots and a Plus.Now with the Echo Auto I have one in my car as well. And starting and stopping music is really nice. Same experience as with the Dots at home. Too bad that Alexa still has a hard time understanding names that are not English. Listening to a Podcast, TuneIn station or Spotify list that is pronounced in its own language is not recognized.What is really a huge I would say deficiency of Alexa is that addresses abroad are not recognized at all. Even when I try to pronounce an address as if it were English she just doesn't understand where I need to go. As I am using Waze for navigation, it is more convenient to just talk to Waze, which always works in any language I've tried sofar.Less of an issue, but still an annoyance is that even when Alexa gets the address, I still need to click on my iPhone X's screen to start navigation when the Alexa app is not open and the active app.Another thing I am not able to get to work, is to announce something. When I am in the car, and I want to let my family know when I get home, I can't just say ""Alexa, announce: 'I will be home by 5.30 PM'"". The announcement will just not go through. I haven't tried to drop in on one of our Echo's. That might work, but than again, I don't know whether or not somebody will be close to the Echo I'm close to.Things I haven't tried and am not sure would work, but would be nice to get to work: Send a WhatsApp message through the Echo Auto like: ""Alexa, send 'Hey, want to see a movie tonight?' to John Doe on whatsapp""Still, even with those quirks, I do like my Echo Auto and am really happy with it. I am sure that over time things will improve, they have with all my Echo devices."	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Good idea, extremely poor execution. The issues are:1) Every time I get into my car, I MUST unplug an replug it back into power for the echo auto to connect to my phone. If I do not, the light just stays red.2) Once connected, it will not stay connected. It keeps saying: I have lost connection to your phone. It will NOT reconnect until I disconnect power and plug it back in. Then repeat in a few more minutes. My phone sits less than two feet away from the echo auto. No reason for this.3) About every two weeks, the echo auto MUST be re-setup in the Alexa app for NO reason. It loses connection and setup. This is extremely annoying, needing to reset up this device.4) The volume on my phone must be set to max and my car sound system must be set to about 75% of max to hear what alexa says. Then I must turn back down the volume or what ever is playing will blast me out of my car.5) To use the echo auto, you MUST keep the car's sound system on AUX or you will not hear alexa responses. If every thing else plays through my phone's bluetooth to my car's sound system. Then why does the echo auto responces go from my phone (only internet connection) back to the echo auto, then into my car's sound system via the AUX plug.This means I cannot listen to my satellite radio.6) You can get directions via the echo auto (only positive thing about this device but it does have flaws) using your voice. What I dislike is that it (using an android phone) it can/will only use Google maps. My default mapping app is Waze. I cannot find any way to change echo auto to use Waze vs Google maps (both are owned by Google) My phone's google contact/address list uses what every mapping app that is set to the default, which I have set to Waze.7) You CANNOT change the echo auto wake up word. It is locked onto Alexa. I would like it to match what I use in all my home's echo devices.8) There are commands that the echo auto will NOT do that other echo devices will do. Such as control certain devices, such as locking my house. I would accept it not unlocking the door, but it will not lock the lock.  I have a few light switches that it says it cannot control, yet all other echo devices will control. What is up with that?With all these issues, this device is NOT worth a single star. I wish there was a rating for ZERO stars because that is what I rate the echo auto at. In my opinion, this device is a waste of money. Yes, I was a fool and threw away money on this device.I have put the echo dot back into my car.  It sits in one of the cup holders in the center console.A) It does not need to be connected to my cars sound system via an AUX plug to work.B) It plugs into my USB power connection. I do not need to keep unplugging and plugging back in to get it to work, it just starts working when I start my car.C) It quickly connects to my tablets hotspot and stays connected.D) It WILL do ALL normal Alexa commands. No more hearing that echo auto cannot do that.The only thing the echo dot will not do is get directions. I just fall back to my old way of Hello Google, get me direction to......... and it is displayed on my phone using Waze. I can live with that.	1	February 21, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No me agradó, que la conexión iniciado un viaje es muy lenta con las diferentes aplicaciones de música, conexión a los mapas también es muy lenta, la igual que a los comandos. Lo prové en un viaje largo de 4 horas y no funcionó una gran parte del viaje.	3	August 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall, I have been satisfied to a certain extent with the Echo Auto. Considering, however, that i had waited almost a year for this device i must say that it was underwhelming, the AUX and MICRO USB ports should have been placed on the back of the device and not on the side; this would have prevented the inability to place and hide the chords aas needed dependent upon vehicle..... especially when taking into consideration the fact that the device is intended and directed to be placed upon the center one ones dashboard.As the device is designed for the consumers vehicle, especially a consumer located in the Los Angeles, CA area,  that seamless integration be a must. A deal breaker per say.  Multiple times a day required utilization of my mobile alexa app was needed. often, i would lose connection and while driving or while being stuck in traffic more like it, i would have to log back into my account, wait for pairing and confirmation of my 'BEING A PASSENGER' within my own vehicle. it was often quite frustrating.Oh, the navigation or the so called directions requested via the Echo Auto were slightly bogus. when lost on a busy freeway for instance, i find in a bit difficut to begin navigation when it is required i open a message from alexa on my phone, confirm my already requested directions and then choose the app for which i would follow them from w/alexas assistace afterwards.Lastly, whenever i had an incoming/outgoing phone call via the Echo Auto the actual echo of the conversation was so bad on the other line that i almost always needed to disconnect and pair to my car. Often  losing calls.This was extremely irritating as well.Regardless of what i disliked about the device and how it can and im sure will be improved, I plan on ordering another for myself since my previous one had been stolen following my car being broken into. The acess to all other alexa features has most definitely been missed. specifically my flash briefings, having a personal assistant connected to my home and most of all my access to the music.	3	November 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For 25$ it’s worth a shot for $50, I’d wait for the kinks to be worked out. I spent $25 and overall I like it , I am okay dealing with the quirks, and it’s helpful for my situation. I think Alexa integration will improve (eg: adding sms support), but not sure all of the quirks are fixable.I have an older car, so no CarPlay and voice control seemed like a good workaround. The use cases that I am interested in: play music (Spotify), ask for directions (Waze), call mom, text mom (iMessage). When it works, music and directions work well. Calling sometimes works (the contact linkage to Apple contacts is wonky) and texting via sms is non existent on iPhone (the message indicates sms not currently available).Things to consider (the quirks):The main thing that doesn’t work is that sometimes Alexa seems to lose connection. When you start the car, Alexa seems to take a few minutes setting up, before it can respond.  Sometimes when I ask for music, she can’t find Spotify and I need to manually start Spotify (or shut down and restart).  Once or twice, after I’ve been using Alexa for a long trip, suddenly Alexa stops responding. She sometimes finds my sister (call Judy mobile) but sometimes I need to be precise on names (call Judy smith mobile)Things i like:Directions with waze work well. After I ask for directions, waze waits a minute and then automatically starts the route.  Google maps doesn’t work that way (have to manually click on start directions)Spotify control via voice works well. My arms are a bit short and reaching the radio to switch to the next song is a small annoyance.  Worth buying an echo auto?  Probably not. Small victory.Things I believe should improveThe disconnect across apps, slow startup, auto start of some apps (eg: google maps directions), sms support.  The $50 price feels too expensive (especially for this version 1 product). I’m sure the periodic sales will help.Ps. Recently Google maps stopped speaking directions. I’m sure it’s a temporary bug, but it’s indicative of the current experience with the version 1 product.  Expect some quirkiness	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've returned my unit today. Been waiting for a year ever since it was announced in 2018. But it's not there yet, sadly.* It will easily and randomly ignore the wake word to the point I had to scream “Alexa!” several times in a row to wake it up.* It will also easily and randomly ignore the utterance spoken and just say nothing and turn off the blue light after I’m done speaking.* It will misunderstand the utterance spoken. Just today I had to repeat “Alexa, navigate to work” (with “work” being saved in the Alexa app Locations) about 6 or 10 times with only the last one doing the right thing. All previous attempts resulted in “I don’t know”, “I’m not sure”, music played or weather forecast announced. That was the point where I’ve decided I have had enough and decided to return the device.* It will not be familiar with navigation destinations. If Google Assistant responds “Ok, let’s go” to almost any navigation destination spoken, Alexa will either start asking questions or do the wrong thing, as mentioned previously. For example, I tried “Alexa, navigate to Trader Joe’s” and in 3 or so attempts only the last one resulted in “Which one do you mean?” (some address followed) when I was already pulling up near one (having previously asked the same question from Google Assistant and following an immediate and flawless navigation, as always).Overall, I didn’t see what Echo Auto brings over Google Assistant in a car. I could only think of invoking Smart Home routines and dropping in on home devices while driving. But it seems to be less capable in navigation and in general responding to the wake word. Does it overheat? I closed my vent where it was mounted to at least avoid that kind of problem. I wonder what would happen when the summer comes and the car is kept outside for the whole day overheating badly? Or if the vent isn’t closed and the hot air is blowing right at the device for hours?P.S.I was told my Russian accent could be the one to blame. Sorry, Alexa, not much I can do about it.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This thing is pretty horrible. If you drive an even slightly louder car, you're pretty much screaming at the thing.Phone call sound quality is horrible. My friends and family members always mention that it's difficult to hear me over a phone call when using this poor thing. Ultimately, I resorted to just not using the Bluetooth calling via echo auto.Navigation is a joke. I have an android phone and instead of asking Alexa to navigate me somewhere, I just end up saying ""Ok Google""... and my phone does the rest.I've had this thing since they had it available by invite only and I must say that I've stopped using it completely.Only reason it's still on my dash is because my daughters like the side-to-side trailing blue light...they think it's high tech... little do they know the side-to-side trailing blue light means that it can't connect to my phone... it's been like that for months.Which leads to the worst part of all about this thing.. Some would expect to get into their car, drive away and immediately ask Alexa to play their favorite play list. Some would expect that as soon a the car turns on, Alexa  would just connect and spit out navigation directions. Some would even expect that you could ask Alexa what the distance is from their home to Yellowstone National Park... Well that's not the case. EVERY TIME I get in my car, I have to open the Alexa app on my phone (so much for hands free) and press the stupid ""I'm a passenger"" button. Clearly this feature was designed by a lawyer. I feel like a dishonest person now for how many times I've had to lie to the Alexa app about being passenger. So glad I quit Alexa months ago. I'm doing much better now. Still healing.. but better.Nevertheless, this has reduced the Echo Auto, in my opinion, down to a pebble of what I initially expected. It's not even a paper weight as it's too light. So, before you buy, remember that this item holds absolutely ""NO weight"" in terms of hands free auto devices.Simple Bluetooth earbuds connected to your phone provide even better functionality.Trust me, the only thing ""echo auto"" about it is the echoing sound of your voice after screaming at your car several times in hopes that just once, just once, Alexa will understand what you're trying to tell her to do.Sometimes, I would get so angry that I end up calling Alexa names... bad names... and then I realize all of that is captured and recorded in the app. I'm actually shocked to see how many times I've told Alexa she is stupid. Funny how Alexa understands all the bad names I call her but not the simple commands to play a song.I used to come home from work happy. Soon after getting echo auto, my marriage deteriorated. I'm now divorced.  I've had furious bouts of road rage due to this device. My friends don't want to hang out anymore. My family barely does anything with me. Heck, when they've got absolutely no choice but to spend an afternoon with me, they demand that we drive their car. My mom never really liked Alexa. She says that she's not a good listener and that I could do better.... I don't know. I don't want to say that the echo auto caused all of this. But I can say that it definitely did contribute to 93.2% of of it."	1	June 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've been eagerly awaiting this device since I first heard of it and it was invite only. I'll start by talking about the actual device. It's small, lightweight and fairly attractive. It has a multicolored bar led at the bottom to act as the ring on most alexa devices. Only 2 buttons, one to activate it instead of the wake word, and one to mute it ( to stop your kids from messing with it from the backseat!).The mount attaches to a vent in a way that I haven't seen before. It creates a much more solid mount than I am used to, but apparently is incompatible with some vents. There is documentation showing the types of vents it works with, it worked fine for mine (2016 Lexus RX350).You can connect it with bluetooth if your car has it or with a physical aux 3.5mm audio cable.  I tried the cable first because I didnt want it to mess with my phones bluetooth connection to the car. I later discovered that it doesnt work the way I thought it did, and switched it to bluetooth. The device itself does not connect with bluetooth to your car, instead it uses your phones existing connection, and simply controls the alexa app on your phone. That means that it does not interfere with bluetooth calling and it means that it may show information on your car's screen (mine does). This is a big plus.I've been using it for about a week now, and I love having alexa in my car. The integration is nearly seamless, and it makes driving much more enjoyable.Unfortunately, it works by playing music through your alexa app instead of the amazon music app. The sound quality difference is substantial,  and most of the songs I like sound so bad that I cant listen to them. If I play the same song on my phone manually with the amazon music app, the sound quality goes up substantially. I am desperately hoping they fix this. I would not recommend this product to anyone who wants to play music with it until they do.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First, this product isn't terrible. If you want to use it as basic audio player, work with your smart home (lights), and basic info it works well. Not perfect. You will find it not understanding everything you say and arguing with Alexa but it does do the job eventually. It's an upgrade in an area that is prominently filled with bad voice control options in your vehicle. It comes with a big learning curve for use.Now the bad. The bluetooth has a delay. So its extremely frustrating when trying to interact with Alexa. You use the wake word, and it will ""beep"" half way during the command. Alexa with frequently screw up, not hear you, or plain not react until you get used to when you can or can't talk.I use it alot with Audible and it's fairly good  most of the time. However, the app and the Alexa auto mess up my place all the time. So what I listened to on my drive, will not be where my place in the book will be when I load it to headphones from the app. The connection drops randomly leaving you to argue with it. If you get a call, text, or notification good luck trying to get Alexa to get back into what it was doing prior.As far as using the direction functions it finds location you ask for fast. But choosing one and having Alexa guide you has plain not worked. So I know a gas station is close, but I'd probably be there before it can pull the information and begin directing me.Some might be from my interface. I have a 2013 Mazda Cx-5 and a Samsung S7. Maybe a new phone and newer car may improve functions, but I'm far from the worst setup. Needing better tech for a low price Alexa is kind of ridiculous.All and all it worked well, just not great. The tech is new and exciting and a great price. I want to support this type of product so it gets better. However, you definitely need to curve your expectations because the result is sub-par and buggy. And far below the quality of other Alexa devices."	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First off this is a completely have baked products that Amazon didn’t even bother putting any effort into making. With my eight other echo devices, I can at least change the wake word to four different possibilities, and while that’s limited versus Google home, at least it’s an option. Unfortunately with this device you can’t change the wake word, which is ridiculous because I use a different wake word (“computer“) on the rest of my echo devices, but this one is fixed with the word “Alexa.”  This obviously makes things very confusing. Apparently Amazon made sure you can’t change the wake word because they wanted to keep things simple. How is it simple that every device I own by this company uses a different week word and I can’t change the wake word on this device?  Constantly forgetting that I have to use a different wake word making it more distractive not less distracting!Next thing constantly disconnects on iOS, you have to keep the alexa app open, the screen on, and not go to any other apps on your phone. The moment the Alexa app goes into the background device app disconnects.  The thing never stays connected more than 15 minutes for me, and I constantly get the device is not connected all the time when I try and use it. It’s basically useless.Next the amount that comes with it has a little stick on wire holder, unfortunately the sticky constantly doesn’t hold and I find the wires attached with the little sticky wire holder rubber part sitting on my dashboard.  You would think they would’ve secured that part a little better considering this thing is supposed to be sitting on your dashboard, in the sun.  The mount works well however that little part that stuck on with little sticky tape constantly falls off. I’m going to have to glue it one of these days. It should’ve been glued from the beginning. I guess $180 billion doesn’t buy you any glue. Come on Bezos stop being cheap.I can go on and on about how half-baked this product is but at the end of the day it’s just basically a bunch of microphones and a Bluetooth transmitter/receiver.  The microphones work well and I’m told that people can hear me very well when using device, unfortunately it constantly disconnects which makes it more frustrating than useful.You can see by a bunch of negative reviews that others agree, and even tech-support at Amazon thought the device was half baked. This is the black sheep of the echo family, it’s something Amazon didn’t even bother to take time to properly You can see by a bunch of negative reviews that others agree, and even tech-support at Amazon thought the device was half baked. This is the black sheep of the echo family, it’s something Amazon didn’t even bother to take time to properly Program or add features, at the end of the day I wouldn’t be surprised if it gets discontinued.  I’m sure Amazon will release a 2.0 version that actually has functionality making us all pay for a new one if we want to actually use this half-baked garbage, but for now you should just avoid this product altogether. It’s not like the rest of the echo devices, at the end of the day it’s some thing that they didn’t bother putting any effort in and just threw together to either make money and to datamine their customers in the car.Avoid like the plague!	1	July 17, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa for the car seems like a great idea, Amazon have a lot of research on speech recognition and I would assume in audio processing.First thoughts,Great product if you have a strong 4g connection on your phone and your phone has current hardware and the latest Alexa app as all the processing is don’t on the phone. Thought that it was a good concept at first despite the negative reviews.After 3 Weeks,This product needs a lot of work, its close but for a car it needs to be more,1) The app does not listen to the output, unlike Alexa dot where amazon has control of the output with this product the output is your car audio. When your audio is on radio or another channel the device does not indicate that it cannot talk to you. In the device could sense to its output it would be able to flash red or give an indication that it is not sensing its audio output.2) Listening to Amazon music is a great benefit, however skipping songs is painful, and a swipe pad on the device would be great to skip.3) Despite the 8 microphones it does not respond very well to voice and the car phone system is not clear for the other party.4) If your phone does not have adequate connection to the network the system typically goes mute, on occasion you get a notification that it can’t connect to the network, and again a red light would help.5) Volume control is synced to your phone, this causes the system to blast occasionally, and the output should be fixed.I am returning the device, feel that it needs more work before it will be a mature product.+-------------UPDATE----------------+After returning the Echo Auto I started to use a simple Bluetooth device, in some cases it worked better than the Echo auto, albeit I have to have the Alexa app open on my phone. the feature that I miss is that Alexa was always available despite its shortfalls.When Amazon releases the Echo Auto Show I will buy one, for now its just another Bluetooth device (Thanks to Amazons software).	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ehh...okay, but not impressed..I guess bc I love all the Amazon family of Echo products, I had high expectations. Luckily, I got this as a Xmas gift and didn’t have to pony up money for it myself, and they got it for me on sale almost 50% off—but now I understand why.First, the good:It connects to Bluetooth flawlessly, without fail, and without dropping out. I don’t know what version, but it’s pretty recent and very stable. So if you have a stock/factory head unit that has Bluetooth, or a mediocre or even crappy aftermarket head unit with a decent Bluetooth connection, you’re probably going to be in hog heaven with the upgrade to your car stereo system with this. I’m a nerd though, and super bougie about my car audio—so I have the flagship head unit from a big name electronics company that has wireless Apple Car Play (the first to have it).With that being said, here’s the bad:If you have Apple Car Play, you don’t get to have your cake and eat it too—no car play AND Bluetooth at the same time....not exactly anyway.It basically forces you to pick one over the other. Well, Apple Car Play isn’t lossy like Bluetooth (Google lossy audio or Bluetooth audio quality if you’re so inclined to read about how and why Bluetooth audio sounds like crap compared to a wired connection or WiFi connection). So I’m not going to opt for Bluetooth when I can have the splendor of FLAC or at least 300 audio compared to 96 (or worse...gasp...48) quality.Anyhow, that being said, it’s nice to be able to ask Alexa the usual questions like at home on the Echo’s, and when you pull into the driveway (and hit the WiFi) to ask her to turn on the house lights or unlock the front door.But I seldom use her in my truck. I refuse to ask Siri anything. I’m an Apple fan boy, but even more so about anything Echo.The good and bad are covered. Here’s the mediocre:The microphones. Much like the original echo’s, the mic’s leave a lot to be desired. If the radio is up even marginally loudly....she probably won’t hear you, unless you speak very loudly or yell. So that kinda sucks.All in all, I’d say this one ranks 3.5/5 stars...better than average....but I’m grading on nearly no Bell curve here since the other Echo products are generally 5/5 or 4.5/5. If I’m comparing to any other Bluetooth connection for the average person’s car, it’s light years ahead—I’m just judging against extreme quality and expectations of more of the same.Hope this helps someone. Cheers!	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is glichy. Also I wish it allowed me to rename the activation name from Alexa to something else. It's the only Alexa device I have that doesn't have that option available. I don't understand why that is and it is frustrating.	3	September 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Voice recognition - I never had an issue with speaking to the echo while driving and music on. Alexa was always able to understand my query or command.Sound Quality - This will only be as good as the sound system already installed in your vehicle. The echo integrates with a standard 3.5mm headphone cable to an Aux port on your radio.Connectivity - This is where I had the biggest issue. The echo has to connect to your phone to get to the internet. This isn't bad in and of itself however I found that the echo would frequently loose connectivity to my phone and I would have to re-pair it again from the Alexa app. Yes, I made sure that my phone was not shutting the Alexa app off in the background. Perhaps it was an issue with my phone? I was using a OnePlus 6t. Sometimes it would connect from one drive to the next but I found this to be more rare.Recommend? - I really wanted to like this. The connectivity issues are really what made me take it out of the car ultimately. My mother was very interested in one of these after seeing me use it a couple of times however I couldn't recommend it to her since I always had to open the Alexa app, reconnect, and then use. Another issue with this setup (but NOT the fault of the echo) is that you have to always have your car radio on the Aux setting to really use the Echo Auto. Sure, you could theoretically issue commands without hearing the confirmation of success of failure, but I can't imagine most would use it this way. This means that if you are listening to FM radio and want to ask Alexa a question, you must first change your radio source and then speak your command. However, if you primarily steam music/audio then this is a pretty perfect solution (aside from the connectivity).	3	June 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping to use this to fix my issue where my Bluetooth in my car constantly drops out and just use the Alexa auxiliary line out. Unfortunately, no matter what I've tried in the setup wizard, I cannot get my Alexa Auto to output any sound through the Auxiliary output. I tested it several different ways and there is simply no sound coming out of that output on the device. When I use it via Bluetooth, it works well. The app is a bit buggy in Android but it usually works as expected. I really like the hands free part of getting navigation and music; that part works great. I got this on Prime day and got it so cheap, I probably won't return it because it works good enough with Bluetooth. I think Amazon needs to work on this one some more. It's a great idea but they need to clean up how it's setup. I'd like to see one very thin (and long) cord run from the device, clipped to my visor that I could then route behind my dash and over to the USB/power port. Out of that, I think there is a way they could run the aux audio port out of there (the audio is sent via data, over the USB cable then converted on the end of a special USB connector, where it plugs in for power). Many folks route the power for their dash cams this way... oh hey, why not just make it an all-in one dash cam device?!	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Pros: You can access Alexa via voice-control on a car that doesn't have Alexa access pre-installed (like I've noticed some of the newer cars are advertising that they do).Cons: It really doesn't add that much value to the Alexa experience - even in the car.-First, it's overly cumbersome with the setup. And I don't mean setting up the device. That's pretty simple, like with most of the Alexa products. But you have to have the Echo Auto mounted to a vent (or somewhere else close by), and plugged into the car charging port. However, you also have to have your cell phone with you and the Alexa app opened.Here's where I'm confused. If you already have to have the Alexa app opened, why can't you just use the Alexa app on your phone? Well, you can. I haven't found a way to voice control the app in the car yet (more on that later). But a passenger can use the app (and you can in safe driving conditions, i.e. before you drive away, in a parking lot, pulled over somewhere, etc.), and it can still access anything that regular Alexa can and play it through the car speakers.What I noticed though is that with her mounted on the vent, she can't hear anything. I have to scream at her on the way to work - first to get her attention, then to get her to stop doing what she thought I said (yelled), and then again to get her do the actual thing I want her to do (but scream even louder so she actually can understand). It makes for a very frustrating commute compared to just opening the Alexa app on the phone and saying, ""Play [playlist]"" (or whatever your typical scenario is).I could see where it could be a useful tool in certain circumstances. But as for my experience, I wouldn't pay $50 for it. I actually would just pass on this one and look for the next Amazon Echo product to come out (I love all the other ones we own - original, new and improved original, show, new and improved show, dot, new and improved dot, and spot, oh, and tap)."	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like the Echo Auto product when it works (and I have two of them), but it can be finicky and unstable. I'm using Echo Auto with a relatively new iPhone SE on the Verizon wireless network. When Echo Auto connects, it is similar to the Echo products (4) I have in my home -- plays music, podcasts, internet radio channels, and answers questions, etc. This, of course, is what I expect and want from the Echo Auto product. However, often enough to be quite annoying, Echo Auto has difficulty connecting or staying connected to the iPhone Bluetooth signal and/or simply operating in a stable, predictable manner. I regularly get the message ""I'm having trouble connecting to the network, please try again a bit later"" when I am trying to start Echo Auto. Other times, Echo Auto will respond to the Alexa 'wake-up' word with the 'heard you' sound, then makes the 'request acknowledged' sound following a command or question, but then does nothing. These issues occur when driving in areas with a good wireless connection signal, and occur erratically -- most of the time there is no problem, but then these issues occur unexpectedly and, as I said above, are quite annoying. This reminds me of the early years of PCs and software, when we became accustomed to  programs not always working as expected, and with systems and programs freezing up regularly.  I expect/hope that these operating problems will be fixed over time. I expect to continue using my Echo Auto products, but find the erratic performance frustrating."	3	June 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works, 90% of the time.  Mine came in an the casing was opening on one end. Plugged it in and it worked and connected so I decided to keep it and see what happens. Figured I'd glue it together. It will randomly drop BT connection.	3	August 22, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Grand kids loves this cause he can tell Alexa to play whatever he wants to hear in the car and I don't have to search for his fav songs while driving! True handsfree! I love it!	3	September 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me start off by saying there's some kinks in the directions for this device that the Amazon device creators need to work out. Going by the directions given, may not work equally for everyone. I followed the directions word for word and even watched some YouTube videos and still... no working Echo Auto. The problem for me was 2 things. First, it was syncing. Once I finally got it to sync it was the audio. This is the part that just about made me loose my mind! The audio test kept failing. Bluetooth connection with my vehicle and phone and the Echo was in check and everything was synced. I went over those steps sooo many times! I could ask Alexa a question and the blue line would light up but there was NO SOUND. After spending WAY to much time on it, I was just about to put it back in the box and prepare a return when I decided to use the voice commands through my vehicle instead of doing it through the screen menu. So, all I did was press the voice button on my steering wheel (pictured above for reference),and THERE WE GO!! Podcast came on, I was asking Alexa questions, playing my playlist and from there...everything was magical! That said, I've only used for a short time so far...so, we'll see what the future holds for me and the auto Echo. Even though I've got it working, I would really like for someone to respond with an answer as to why I couldn't hear anything untill I pressed the audio button on my steering wheel. If blutooth on my phone and vehicle was on, and everything was synced, why didn't work?	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I waited a couple of weeks to give a review because I wanted to use the Echo Auto as much as I could. I think this is a great idea and before I got this, my kids were so used to having an echo in the house that I’ve heard them call out “Alexa, play Top Pop” in my car only to realize they were in my car. We all got a kick out of that. Needless to say, I was excited to get the echo auto for my car. It is relatively easy to set up and only took a few minutes. I would say one of the first things you have used to is after you give the wake word, you have to wait for the audible beep. If you were used to the one in your house you do not have to wait for the audible beep. sometimes that can take a few seconds. I found myself saying the wake word and then immediately giving my request like I do with the in-home echos. I would hear the beep and realize I had to start over. I ended up having to do it over because I was so used to having an echo in my house and how those work. It’s been hard to get used to. The other issue I had with it is that it sometimes does not understand your request and it does not give an indication that you need to repeat what you said. The blue light comes on and turns off and then nothing happens. This is frustrating because you’re not sure if it’s processing your request or not. It also takes longer for your request to process. I don’t know if this is a factor of your cell phone coverage or its connection to Bluetooth. Another issue that I found was that when I would get into the car it wouldn’t recognize my device about 50% of the time. So I had to unplug it from the outlet and plug it back in for it to recognize my device. I love the concept but it doesn’t work nearly as well as the in-home echos.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I mainly bought this for a good microphone having gone through 4 sets of true wireless buds, 3 wired headphones, and a couple of mics for vehicle use and yet everyone I have spoken to within my car has had trouble hearing me. So to get it out of the way, this device has a good microphone for calls and plugs into my vehicle with auxiliary allowing me to hear my cellphone's audio through my vehicles speakers just fine. My music and calls sound good and people can hear me just fine. Now, for the actual alexa software use, this gets a 1/5. I have an Echo Dot in my room and have used other Alexa based devices and this is the worst one I have ever used. At this point it doesn't even do voice commands so I am now labelling this device in my brain as the audio, microphone device. Whenever I listed whole addresses through to alexa it would get the location wrong and try to navigate to a location 1,000 miles away when I had precisely listed the location I wanted to test drive to which was 5 minutes away. Absolutely terrible. Google maps with its voice implementation runs laps around it in every way. I have a location labelled as ""School"" and yet within the Alexa Echo Auto app, it only allows for an extra ""Work"" labelled location and your ""Home"" location. I am unable to create a ""School"" one. So I have completely come to terms that navigating with this device is useless. Also, I use Spotify for my music and noticed when I would say Pause or Unpause music, the device wouldn't work correctly and simply restart the whole album all over again. Also, at one point I used the hands free call capability and the device as well as software stopped working to which I had to restart the device several times after, which can be distracting and frankly in some cases cause danger when driving due to possible navigating getting disrupted. I would not recommend this device for anything other than a good microphone and device to route audio from your cellphone to your car if you plan to use AUX mode and lack bluetooth capabilities in your car which is why I am giving it a very generous 2/5 rating."	2	November 27, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Seems to be a great ideal but needs some improvement. I love the size of it its perfect and easy to hide. I received mine in November and have been using it in the past few (cold) months and I have a lot of connection issues. The connection issues cold be due to the cold weather or my truck 2015 Colorado. Its not like the echo because its only powered on when your car is on and takes a few minutes to connect to your phone. sometimes it doesn't connect then i find myself turning Bluetooth off and back on or fiddling with my phone to get it to connect. this is why i don't like it. don't expect it to perform like the echo, you walk into the room and say Alexa ""what time is it"" and she responds instantly. when it connects properly and actually hears you yes it'll work just like the echo however you have to keep in mind that its being powered by your car which once powered on it needs to find and successfully connect to your phone. Newer cars are coming with it built into the car and i'm sure that is much smoother and similar experience like echos. Overall i would give it 3 stars because it either doesn't understand what im saying at times or hear me, and it could take afew mins to connect to your car. I do like it when im listening to music and can just say alxea play .... or skip song, and not remove my hands from the steeling wheel! Overall i would pay $25-30 but i personally think $50 is a lot. I got to participate in an insurance thing and it was free for me so i gave it a shot. Amazon customer service is great and if you have any issues they can assist you don't be shy to reach out after all we all pay $150 a year to be a member of prime."	3	February 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pro:- Good voice recognition- Clear outputCon:- Loses connection to the app- Lost track of location- Not really hands free, still need to confirm on phoneTL;DR it's not reliable and Google Assistant still works better while driving.Having tried the Roav Viva Pro, which also had Alexa built in, I was disappointed with that device. I thought I'll give it another shot with the Echo Auto, and while it worked better, it still has many of the same problems. Setting it up was simple. Took only a few minutes.When it does work, it's pretty good. It heard my voice over my music. The response times were acceptable, but slower than the Echos at home. The playback was clear over bluetooth and I didn't have any static as I did with the Roav.  Using it with Amazon's own services mostly worked, I can command my smart devices as I'm getting home or stream an audio book (using your phone's data). However using with another app such as Google Maps will require you to unlock your phone to confirm. That's not a huge deal since Google Assistant does the same and I can see why it would need confirmation but it would better to have an option to by pass that.The big issue is that it's not reliable. In the short time that I've had it, it often times lost connection to the app even though it started up just fine and the app is still running. Other times, location based commands would result it telling me I need to update my location in the Alexa app even though it's already there. Not sure where the issue is at. I also have a Google Assistant device for my car and it's been much more reliable.Since I got in during the invite only phase, I only paid half the price for it, and having already tried Alexa in the car with other devices, I knew what to expect so I don't feel too disappointed in it. It still needs to improve to be worth the asking price.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Serves my purpose for my office on wheels, but cords were easily tangled and pulls device off mount and the housing broke. Without housing I’d have a low buzz of feedback. I put it back together many times, so it serves it purpose as hand free in my older model Prius	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Really like Alexa products but, the one for the car does not connect all the time	3	September 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've been using this product for approx 2 months now. I have experienced a few headaches, where my phone doesn't want to connect, but at probably the same rate as my Alpine car radio doesn't want to connect to my phone so in this aspect I wouldn't call it troublesome.If you want a bluetooth receiver in your car that will turn on & off with the car (which is not easy to find), this is the perfect device, however at it's current price that's a huge premium.Voice recognition is really good, no complaints there. I generally do not need my GPS for getting to work or going home, but I've gotten in the habit of asking Alexa for the quickest way home/to work & she responds quickly without errors which is nice. I have experienced issues asking her to find say a Starbucks. It could use some work. I will also say that my girlfriend will ask Alexa to play a song & she does not pick up her voice as well as mine, but part of that could be the orientation of the device.One thing that really irks me is that Amazon added 8 microphones to make sure she can hear you ask for Alexa, but it utilizes absolutely none of that technology for phone calls which is a huge bummer. I was hoping that the speakerphone would work well, but instead callers mention hearing an echo (ironic), the turn signal coming through very loud, etc, all around a poor experience. My hope is for Amazon to update this in the future as the hardware seems to be there (8 microphones), so *in theory* implementation should take a software update.Please note for anyone wondering, I paired my Echo Auto with a Note 9 on Sprint's network here in St. Louis, where I generally have no issue streaming music from Tidal Premium over a cellular network, so overall very good service.At the price point for beta testers ($25), it was a little expensive for my uses but it seemed like a neat toy to try. At $50 I would absolutely not recommend it yet.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased 3 Echo Autos for our family cars that are older so that we could listen to music, and take calls hands-free.PROS1. Using the Alexa app it was easy to set up the Echo Autos so there were no issues there.2. Sound quality of streaming music sounds great, do not have any static issues or distortion3. Like the Alexa features for contacting home Alexa units etc.4. The vent mount that came with the Echo Auto works perfectly and keeps it in a good location for the microphone, and is easily moveable.CONS1. After answering an incoming call, the Echo loses link with the phone and will no longer play the previously streaming music. The only fix is to unplug the power and restart it which sucks when driving.2. Can't easily link multiple cell phones to the same Echo Auto. We all frequently drive another family members car, the Echo Auto is clunky in that it doesn't allow you to easily just connect to the other Echo Autos on our family Account. So what happens when we are not driving our normal cars is we lose our hands free ability. Previously we had just Bluetooth transmitters that were 'dumb' but easily let us move between cars seamlessly. Not having this ability is a big hurdle for us.3. Sometimes Alexa doesn't connect to our phones, and then you have to open the Alexa app manually for it to find the Echo Auto even though it appears to be connected in the Bluetooth menu of your phone.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The major problem with Echo Auto is that it is really NOT an Echo device like Echo Dot or Echo Input. Amazon has been somewhat deceptive about this. It is really not possible for the Echo Auto to give the ""full Echo/Alexa"" experience. I had really hoped and thought that the Echo Auto would be just like an Echo Input/Dot but use my phone's BT for Internet tethering.No, the Echo Auto is not an Echo device at all. In fact in the Alexa app it is listed separate from the real Echo devices and is grouped together with the Echo Buds as ""on the go accessories"". So what is an Echo Auto? It is a fancy BT mike that talks specifically to your phone's Alexa app. EVERYTHING the Echo Auto does is really being done by the phone's Alexa app, which is now running in background consuming 40+% of the battery (at least on my iphone 6s).This is why Echo Auto: 1) only recognizes ""Alexa"" as the wake word (it cannot be changed), 2) cannot swap Amazon accounts like real Echo devices, 3) ties into services like Spotify and SiriusXM only to the extent that your phone can -- no independence existence of the Echo device cuz it isn't one -- e.g. to get Alexa Spotify, you actually have to run the phone's Spotify app, 4) calls are real phone calls, not Alexa calls.Its not all bad, but it *is* different from a real Echo device. It does mean that the BT connect-up is alot faster than a WiFi connect-up, and that the power-up is very quick (doesn't have to boot up the Echo OS). It also means that you can set the Alexa account by changing it on your phone, regardless of whose phone it actually is.I still wonder if it is possible (and would be better) to have a real Echo device like an Echo Input but have it do BT Internet tethering instead of WiFi, but for now, just creating work-arounds for Echo Auto."	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Overall, more work is needed for this device to really become a thing you need in the car.  My three biggest gripes:1. It's hard to browse stations.  On the radio, you just go from pre-set to pre-set (my GM vehicle integrates Sirius XM stations as well).  For Alexa, you have to state the station and where to pull it from, each time.  I just don't know all the individual station ID's to do that.  The workaround is that I browse stations on the radio itself, and if I need something from Alexa, I'll just ask it, but that brings it to the next gripe:2. Connectivity.  It doesn't connect right away.  When at home, my phone is connected to my home Wifi.  As I move into the car, the signal is really weak, but it tries to hang on to the Wifi.  Halfway down the block, it'll switch to Verizon.  In the meantime, Alexa can't connect to the internet, and therefore, can't have it navigate me until I get a better signal, about 4 minutes into the drive.  So when I browse stations on the radio, and ask Alexa something, I can't hear the 'listening' chime, and find myself repeating it.  My go to ask: 'what time is it?"" when it answers, I know.3. The power wire.  Ugh, I have a cord to the phone on a mount on the dash, and now another one up the dashboard?  Messy4. oh yeah, the normal frustrations with the home Alexa: not getting the answer you want, not understanding what you're saying and having to repeat several times.The good things we like:-we can play the individual songs that we like as well as playlists-We can listen to Pandora-We get the normal support on the road for conversations--what's the weather, what business X is nearby, navigate to X, etcIt's barely worth it now, and I got it for half price.  At the full price, it's not worth it, and wait till v2 comes out whenever."	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After a few weeks of ownership I've dropped the rating. To be clear, I think that this thing is built well and priced right. When everything works, Alexa response quickly and clearly. I like the idea of bringing some artificial intelligence to my commute.That said, Echo Auto's dependence on the Alexa app severely hamstrings it. On Android (I have a Pixel 2 XL) the app is okay at best because suffers from a few connection and integration issues. Examples:(1) I use an Android Wear watch. When the music stops playing in the car, the app doesn't tell the watch so it continues to show the ""Now Playing"" window.(2) The Echo Auto once informed me that it could no longer connect to my phone, requiring me to unlock the device and restart the app. I was driving and couldn't safely pull over, so the Echo Auto was unable to perform its task.(3) Hours after getting out of my car the Alexa app continued to show me the music playing notification on my phone. I keep dismissing it, it keeps showing up. I ended up disabling Alexa notifications, which appears to disable *all* Alexa app notifications so the app doesn't seem to follow Android's best practices.(4) The music that was playing on the Echo Auto may randomly start playing on its own hours after getting out of the car. Since I disabled the notifications in step 3 above, there is no way to quickly stop it via the phone (good thing my watch thinks the music is always playing) so at least that's an option. It is pretty great when music starts playing during a meeting at work! /sWhile this should be a review of the Android version of the Alexa app, the problem is that the Echo Auto is entirely dependent on it. Unlike the other Echo devices, which stand very well on their own, the Alexa app makes or breaks this Echo. In my case, it is firmly the latter."	2	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for this product and wanted so badly for it to live up to the hype. On the other hand, given the tech I'm integrating with, not all that surprised that it failed in many regards. I'm using the device with an iPhone 6s and a 2017 Honda Civic with Apple CarPlay installed.PROs:  Like all Echo products, very easy to set up. All you need is the Alexa app on your phone and plug the thing into the car. When it's working, makes it easy to request songs and ask anything you would normally use Alexa for. Hears very well.CONs:  Gosh, where to start. I had some good success with the thing at first (about a month ago), by opening the Alexa app on my iPhone then plugging my phone into the car and waiting about 30 seconds or so before making a request. Also, sometimes I had to change the audio source to bluetooth on my car's touchscreen. Worked pretty well for a couple weeks. But occasionally then, and non-stop for the past week, Alexa keeps saying she cannot make the connection to my phone. No idea what has changed.Obviously Amazon and Apple tech do not play nice together, so I suspect this is the root of the problem. After all, whenever I plug my phone into the car the Apple CarPlay program automatically launches and overrides everything.Another problem is that, even when the Echo Auto was working -- playing me some music in the car -- and I got a phone call, the volume was so low I could not hear the caller. Could not raise the level via car controls either.It's possible that once or twice I successfully paired the phone to the car via bluetooth only (unplugged) and Alexa worked -- but have not been able to replicate.I feel like if I had an android phone the Echo Auto would work much better, but since my car has Apple Carplay maybe I would sacrifice other hands-free phone features, so there's just no winning I guess.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it’s fine. Half the time it won’t connect.	3	September 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have an older vehicle, it took some research on how to make this work with no aux cord on our vehicle but we figured it out. Alexa responds to my voice but we can barely hear it respond. We have tried every hack I could find and basically it was a waste of my money.	3	August 8, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this item thinking it would assist my wife with navigation, so I installed it in he vehicle. She never used it, last week she gave it back because she never used it, she didn’t like the idea of Alexa tracking her and listening to her. She instead preferred he i phone.What’s the dif right? Alexa spies like the phone spies. I think she is used to the phone and change to add Alexa is redundant. So I decided to be redundant and attempted to use it on my truck so I let Alexa spie on me. As smart as she is or the opposite she would not connect to my truck. You know they built this things so they update within a year., then you have to buy the next generation. They have us all by the B.It’s with in a year I made the buy, so I though might be able to return it, not a chance return window expired.  So it’s my fault! I bought the wrong gift for my wife.I suppose most would think it’s only $22.00 dollars no big deal. I could have bought her a sandwich instead and would have been more appreciated. I only blame my self! On a positive note,  I was educated this lesson takes me closer to be moving more away from  technology that chains me up, I hope to be moving more to independent technology, in search of freedom.	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Auto Alexa is great for playing music, flash briefing, making drop in calls to other amazon alexa devices through the mics in alexa and car stereo. If you are looking for this capability you need to get one of these. My son loves using the feature to call out songs. Old town Road, and Its Raining Tacos.Where Auto Alexa is not great is finding addresses for navigation. I asked Alexa to take me to the YMCA in my town 2 miles away and she sent me to the YMCA 10 miles away. Alexa could not find my local movie theater which is half a mile away. Auto alexa still makes you use your phone to navigate. I have not figured out turn by turn like garmin or tom tom. Google maps or apple still have an edge.To make a phone call it is not like home devices, it will dial and start the ringing process but requires you to use your phone not the mic in alexa. It defaulted to my stereo blue tooth settings for my phone.Alexa auto pairs with bluetooth through my phone to my kenwood dnx 6990. I have apple music for song selection and amazon prime music for artist selection. When I park and get back on the road it can take a minute to repair the alexa app and the phone/stereo. Sometimes default youtube or pandora songs will prevent alexa from working so i have to silence them stop or close those apps.If its quiet Alexa can pick up voices to trigger. If a loud song is playing it is hard for alexa to trigger.Overall i was looking for alexa features of song, flash brief and general alexa questions / skills. It has met my expectations.  For other functions on my android phone i can still utilize ""hey google"" or for my work phone siri. Since Amazon just launched this it will only get better as the bugs are worked on through updates."	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice idea but needs some work.  I bought mine to play Amazon music on demand through my stereo system.  It connects most of the time just fine, however, I'm finding more and more you can tell it to play a song, it will repeat your request back to you so you know it understood, then it just does nothing.  It's not a signal issue as I have wifi built into my truck.  If you cycle power it typically will work again (until the next time) but who wants to have to continually do this when driving?	3	June 17, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was one of the lucky ones that got to try it out during the invite-only period. At $25, I figured it was worth it.Once out of the box, I grew EXTREMELY frustrated. The instructions do state that its software may be out of date and you'd have to wait for it to download. Nowhere on it did it say that it would be non-functional in the meantime. I spent the greater part of a Sunday afternoon trying to get it to work, but it would not answer. I'd say ""Alexa"" and it would recognize it was called but immediately shut off so I was not able to get any commands in. I brought it up to my room and let the Alexa app download its update so it could be passed on to the Echo Auto. After seeing that the software has updated, I took it back to my car where it finally worked as intended.The following morning, I tested it and it had lost connection yet again, though it was temporary since it started working again.For smart house functionality, it works wonders, so all compatible appliances work. The sound quality is amazing, way better than plugging my phone in.Where I have to deduct points is the navigation. At times, Alexa just suggests places instead of guiding me. Other times, when it does recognize it, it prompts me to open the Alexa App (which defeats the purpose of hands free), to then open Apple Maps, where no sound comes out. I haven't fiddled with having it open Google Maps instead, but as I still drive with the phone on my lap, it's almost pointless.Bottom line: the product is promising. If your car does not have a smart vehicle interface, this at least gives it the boost to reach that stage. But it definitely still needs work. And if you already have a vehicle with integrated smart system (the screen up front with Bluetooth, Maps, Pandora, etc.) then this will be little value added other than for smart home devices (turning them on/off)."	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have Alexas everywhere so I'm obviously a fan. I got smart bulbs and plugs,  Alexa supported stuff everywhere.  I really enjoy having it in the car now too...or do I? I couldn't pass up the deal.  But I'm here to tell you if you have your air or heat on this thing is not going to hear you.  It's really annoying to have to turn my fan off to get this to hear me.  It's not like it's in the path of the moving air it's above the vent.  I'm located about 18 inches from it.  But whatever it's still relatively new in my car so I'm sure I'll start to accommodate it without even thinking about it but for now its annoying.  It does everything that I use the rest of my devices for except I got it to play my iHeart stations in my car and drop in on the family when I'm on the road.  It also makes calls just fine.  Biggest thing I've learned about all of these devices is to speak clearly and at a reasonable speed... Just make sure your darn heats off.	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"From a hardware perspective, the Echo Auto is a solid product. Voice recognition is excellent even in a noisy car full of toddlers, and I rarely have to repeat my queries. I do feel that the Echo Auto is a little too reliant on the connected phone while having too little control over said device. Unlike the built-in Google Assistant, Alexa is unable to trigger my Oneplus 9 Pro to wake up, preventing navigation or other app interactions until the phone is manually unlocked.Regarding the Alexa voice assistant, I think Alexa has a long way to go in order to be useful in the car. I have had very little success with navigation requests, with Alexa routinely missing relevant information. For example, asking Google ""Take me to Joann Fabrics at Mesa Riverview"" would navigate me to the Mesa Riverview shopping center about 50 miles from my house, while Alexa ignores the ""Mesa Riverview"" portion and navigates my to my local Joann Fabrics. Similar misunderstandings have plagued almost every navigation request I have made to Alexa to date.For more basic queries, Alexa is about as useful in the car as in the house, and the fact that the Echo Auto actually hears me speak more than 50% of the time is a big upgrade over Google Assistant on my phone, but the regular misunderstandings lead me to fall back to my phone more often than not."	3	August 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was excited to get Alexa in my car... but I'm finding that the Echo Auto frequently disconnects from my phone.  I have a OnePlus 6t and unless I start the Alexa app on my phone every time I get in, the Echo auto doesn't seem to work.  I understand that this may be due to the OnePlus 6t bug where Battery Optimization changes don't necessarily stick, so I won't fault the Echo Auto for that.  I do have two (3 after my edit below) complaints and one (2 now) is a quality complaint.1. Alexa needs to accept some more varied versions of commands.  For example, I repeatedly asked it to ""Play 90's Pop Rock"" and got no response or music playing, but if I asked to ""Play 90's music"" I got 90's Alternative and Grunge, which seems like a specific genre.  If I can't ask for 90's Pop Rock, how is it making the leap from ""Play 90's music"" to playing 90's Alternative and Grunge???  The same goes for many other commands where you have to say the command somewhat specifically or it won't do anything.2. Accessory quality:  Admittedly I was a bit disappointed when the only mount option that came in the box was the vent mount.  I really wanted the stick on mount that I had seen in unit review videos and did not expect the vent mount to be in the box with the Echo Auto when reviews I'd seen had it packaged separately.  I'm reluctantly using the vent mount, but disappointed in the quality.  The ""cord holder"" on the front of it won't even stay stuck to the vent mount.  My car doesn't get that hot since it's white with a light interior, but the cord holder simply pops right off every time it gets a little warm in my car and at this point it won't stay adhered any longer, especially if I put the power cord through it.  It should have been attached to the mount the same way the rubber vent clip is, or it could have been molded into the mount somehow.I will continue to use it, but I can't recommend the vent mount as a separate purchase if the cord management part won't stay stuck to the mount as it should.  Just really disappointed they didn't include the regular stick on mount that would have been more appropriate for my dash.Edit 10/7/2019:  I've become more and more frustrated with the Echo Auto.  Even when successfully paired to my phone with the app running, half the time I call out ""Alexa"", hear the tone, give a simple command, and just see the blue bar staring back at me for a few moments then it goes dark.  Ultimately I have to unplug the device at a traffic light and plug it back in and it starts to work properly again.  Very frustrating.  I've also added my photo of the vent mount and the cable holder that keeps falling off."	2	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	To begin, I had the echo auto for about 2 weeks and at the end of the two weeks I decided to get rid of it because it was honestly getting annoying to use.The echo auto is intended for cars that do not already have Apple car play and android auto installed in their cars, therefore adding Alexa to the car, and honestly there are some small things that make this thing annoying. First off, when first starting to set up the echo auto it works completely fine, setting up is a breeze which is set up through the Alexa app. So when your car is set to Bluetooth it is replaced by Alexa, so everything that you are able to do with a regular echo dot is now available through the car. It is when you start to use the system that you start to notice some very annoying quirks. For starters, the echo auto uses your phones internet to connect to the internet, which is a given but it gets super annoying to drive somewhere with your music on but then the music completely stops, then when you try to ask Alexa something she says “I can’t seem to connect to the internet” rendering her useless, even when just playing music it completely stops and it gets annoying at times. Another thing about music is when you try to play it from Alexa it works fine, but it slows down the speed at which the music switches, so if you want to change a song from your steering wheel there is about a 2 second delay before the music switch’s, which is annoying if you want to just play through a playlist. Asking Alexa for directions works alright as well, it sends a notification to your phone through the Alexa app in which you have to open it then it will redirect you to maps.So in all honesty, I feel the Echo Auto makes something as simple as changing music slightly more difficult then it should be compared if you did not have the echo auto at all.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got the early bird offer so figured I would give it a try for the price. Quality is solid, my only hardware complaint is the clip on the holder which holds the usb cable is attached by a sticker. It only took a couple of days for that to no longer work. My guess is they will change the design or glue. I’m going to use some gorilla glue to hopefully resolve the issue.It works as you would expect Alexa to work. It hears your questions and provides the same quality as my home units. I have 2 things that Personally frustrate me and make it less useful for me and my family. First, I was hoping it would be able to use the microphone in the echo during a phone call because the mic in my wife’s car is horrible. When she calls me it’s normally hard to hear her and I thought this may be a solution. Nope. Second, I want to say “Alexa call ...” unless there’s a trick I don’t know I wasn’t able to get this to work. I could manually find the number in the app and tap to call but that defeats the purpose.Oh, one more thing. For whatever reason it doesn’t want to use Spotify as my default music app even though that’s was designated. It will work sometimes but often just defaults to Amazon music.Other than that it works like a normal Alexa which is nice. I think it’s a good first step but there’s work to do to make it super useful for my purposes.One last thought around hardware design. It stays in the stand by what I assume is a magnet. If you could plug the usb directly into the holder and set it up like a wireless charger it would be so much easier to connect/disconnect to hide it. Plus you could make it more portable if you slap a battery in it.I am optimistic Amazon will fix the little things and make this a must have for your car.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I waited for a while to write this review. Like others, the initial connection was a nightmare, after hours trying to work with it, I stopped and just left it on. At some point (several weeks in) it decides to connect and now is usually connected when I turn the car on.Problem #1 - if your car has a control screen and you set it up for bluetooth to connect to your phone, you're going to have problems connecting the auto echo to your car. I think since they both work off bluetooth the screen doesn't know which to access first.Problem #2 - if you own an echo dot and get the emails about ""what's new"" in terms of asking the dot to do something, those features don't work on the auto echo. For example, you can tell the dot to pause a playlist and then resume later. You can't tell the auto to pause a playlist and resume later. I guess it's because you cut power to the device when you turn off your engine. So essentially, whatever the auto device is doing, it won't pick up where it left off.Problem #3 - if you have problems connecting and come to a stop to fix it on your phone, you're asked if you're driving. However, the fact that you tell the app you're not driving doesn't mean the connection or other issue will be fixed.  As others have said, you have to turn off your phone, turn off your car, turn off the device.Finally, as someone else said, I don't understand what's the deal with the cords for connection. I have a Honda Fit and I have to use a HDMI cable WITH a USB if I want to connect my phone to ensure a stable connection. I was hoping that since the auto device was bluetooth it wouldn't require cords. I don't keep mine on the vent, I have in it the cup holder (near the cord connections) so I don't get tangled in the cords. But seeing some of the images of the cords hanging down really diminishes the usefulness of the device.I got this device at the intro price of $24 and I would not pay the current price of $49 because it really isn't a stand alone device that warrants that price. It does seem to work better than the ROAV in that it seems to connect faster, but the ROAV doesn't require any cords, just the lighter plug. However, the ROAV has a less reliable connection for double the current echo price. So I guess if I want a truly hands free experience, I might want to invest in changing out the console screen I have for one that is Apple play ready. But in the end, everything is going through my phone anyway. If I put my phone in the dash holder, I can press Siri and hope she understands the question to react and avoid all this Alexa connection frustration."	2	November 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First.  I love Echos and Alexa and have a device in almost every room in my house.  I was hoping to get a Studio for the holidays but will end up buying one if/when they go on sale.  I love everything Alexa can do from playing music to creating and adding to lists to setting alarms and reminders and maintaining my calendar.The auto does all of that but there are tons of quirks.  They include:When I ask for directions sometimes the audio comes from the phone speaker and sometimes from the car even if my car is set to auxiliary.If I am listening to a radio station in my car I cant use the echo because my car radio is not on auxiliaryIf I use Amazon Music to listen to music it destroys my data plan on my phone because everything is streamed via data to my phone which sends it to the Echo which sends it to my car.There has got to be better cable management.  I now have this not so bad looking device withe two cables coming out the right side and down to the glove box where my power adapter is.  It looks like a mess no matter how I try and tidy it up.I cannot understand what is happening with this issue but sometime when i get in my car i can automatically start using Alexa and sometimes it seems to not be running on my phone even though i said it should always run in the background.Obviously the best would be my car running Alexa and just using my phone via bluetooth for data but until then this gerryrigged way of doing it will have to do.  It was cheap enough and provides enough benefits that I do not mind the quirkiness but I hope one day it will be better.	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've got the Echo Auto in my 2018 Honda Fit EX, which is already outfitted for in-dash Android Auto (which I use) and Apple Car Play (which my wife rarely uses). Either usually fits the needs for everything, however, Android Auto and Amazon Music Unlimited don't really play well together. That lead me to the grand idea of adding an Echo Auto to my car.As far as the features go, there's nothing really to complain about, since they work as expected for any Alexa-enabled device. However, while running in the car, it does jeopardize the car's screen, so using it for directions, not so friendly. Also having built-in SiriusXM means either turning off the bluetooth to get it from the satellite, but also enabling things like channel art, or utilize it via the LTE/Bluetooth connection, and having a crippled feature set, even with the added internet only channels.Another issue is that when the phone is connected by wire in the car, the connection to the Echo Auto is disabled. I can't say who's at fault here, but having Android Auto and Echo Auto running at the same time isn't possible. While using Echo Auto did solve my problems with the Amazon Music Unlimited, it created a host of other problems with my use of other features built into my car.The Good:- Good integration within the Amazon ecosystem- Fairly easy to setup- Great Call QualityThe Bad:- Doesn't play well when multiple systems are involved- Doesn't fully integrate into a fairly modern vehicle (On screen GPS)I'm glad it wasn't a big investment on my part, and if I ever get an older ""fun"" vehicle, this may make a reappearance, but for the two things it does well (Amazon Music integration and Phone Calls), it doesn't justify a bolt-on experience."	3	April 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works great to access Amazon services but Amazon wants ALL your info. If you want to text someone they have to be on Amazon's list. It's very easy to call up music but not to call up Siri. My car is older so the Bluetooth in the car is relatively primitive. I could receive telephone calls easily but making calls was downright dangerous, so I unpaired my phone. I ended up with two Bluetooth devices in my car, a microphone and speaker for the telephone and communication, and the Echo for entertainment.  The problem is that, having to use two Bluetooth devices simultaneously, it's kind of like playing Russian Roulette when the phone rings. I never know on which device the call audio will appear and I can't hunt for the call unless I'm parked. I'm sure that it's a question of pairing order and I wish I could disable the telephone in the Alexa app and force the audio to the appropriate device. I see more experimentation ahead. The other problem I have is that I have start/stop enabled for my car. When my engine shuts down at a stop the Echo disconnects. Strange because power is not interrupted at the stop. The Echo reconnects as soon as the engine restarts.This Amazon Echo is attached to my audio line input and enables me to have some of the current streaming technology. It's not perfect but it's the best solution that I've found so far for my situation. The sound is great and it will, hopefully, work even better when the software is improved.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Waited over a year to get this after signing up. Lets start with some background to before this device arrived, I have 2019 Nissan with Bluetooth connections, BT Phone connection,  and Sirius.  I could listen to Sirius OR I could listen to Amazon Music via ""phone app"",  on the other connection using ""Bluetooth"", but you cannot do both and you have to switch connections on the display to go back and forth.  So when the devised arrived I really thought it would connect like the phone does via Bluetooth but it does not. I have to go into connections, choose Bluetooth and let it connect. At this point I have nothing but Alexa at my disposal. Granted many of you would love even if it just worked like that if you didn't have Sirius Radio, as I would have before I got the new car.  I wanted to use Alexa to do other things than listen to music.  I envisioned listening to my Radio or Sirius and also being able to add to shopping list or add a ""to do"". Nope, does not work that way at least on new Nissan. You do one or the other, not both. Why in the world would I want to do that?  It took forever to connect, tried several times, then finally it connected. I tried to ask her a couple things but found I had to yell.... Tore it off and stuck it in the glove box where it will stay till I figure out how to either resell it or return but since I waited like two months to even get around to installing it I am sure it is too late to return.  I love my amazon devices, I love my amazon products but this one they missed the entire boat on, sorry Amazon.Since review a technician called from Amazon to assist. This was a good gesture on the part of the company.  I have changed my rating a tad due to this."	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Okay. So I have had this for a few months. Overall, with a solid internet connection and a quiet car, Alexa works pretty well playing music, from Amazon. And the flash briefing. And it can add things to my grocery lists while I am driving- big plus. But it is abysmal for getting itself started and connected. I think it is connected to the home WiFi in the driveway when I start the car and hiccups attempting to change connection to my cell providers network. I am at least a half mile to mile on my journey before it will connect. But you have to keep asking and hearing sorry I can’t connect right now until it will finally answer as there is no way to know that it has. Also, for the smart home stuff that I really want it to do - open and close garage door and unlock front door - it will not do that. Even if I am sitting in my driveway and connected to my home WiFi. I understand security concerns but you have to use a code in the house so why won’t that work with this device- especially when I am on my home WiFi. I would never use this to navigate to anywhere - although it is pretty good at reporting business hours IF I know the exact name of the business. The whole “open app” thing to get things accomplished - you have to unlock your phone, etc... that really needs improvement if this is going to be a truly hands free device. Of course I understand Amazon must work with a million different cell phone manufacturers and cell service providers to deliver a truly seamless experience - but with each offering its over version of “hands-free” services, I am sure they are in no rush to help improve Amazon’s product. So I get the whole Alexa app having to handle the majority of the heavy lifting. But it does make for a less than ideal Alexa experience.	3	November 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received one of the first generation echo autos (from here forward referred to as EA) and was eager to try it out.  The first time around setup was a snap.  I followed the instructions and poof, Alexa and I were sharing the road.  My car is a bit older so I needed to connect to the speakers with a cable but that didn't bother me.Then the  EA became disconnected somehow and it took weeks (yes, weeks)  and many calls to tech support (and I am a very tech savvy person) before I could cajole EA to come out and play with me again.  I was sooooooooooo frustrated and I am pretty sure the tech support dudes were as well.  We just couldn't get her to connect.  I swore I hated her and would never use her again.  But when she started cooperating again I was seduced back into her clutches and was rapturously singing her praises all over again.  Alexa, play songs from 1969.  Wheeeeeeeeee I took to the highway with the tunes cranking out and was back in love.Then she became disconnected and off I went into the land of Alexa loathing.  You can see where I am going with this I think?  When she works, she's great but when  she decides not to work she is a nightmare.  I have probably logged several hours cajoling and mollifying her and this just shouldn't be.  Why oh why is she so temperamental?BOTTOM LINE:  For those of us with older cars and no satellite radio, the ECHO AUTO is a great idea.  Unfortunately she's so moody that she doesn't always live up to her potential.  Maybe newer incarnations will have fixed some  of the bugs?	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Echo products through my house and I really wanted to like Echo Auto as much as I like the others but I’m not there yet. My biggest point of contention is the integration. Echo Auto relies on your phone for its data connection, which makes sense. However, I expected Echo Auto to have a direct bluetooth connection to my car’s radio but that is not the case. It ONLY connects to the phone over Bluetooth. Then, the phone connects to the radio sort of like a middle man. This results in more of an Echo Mobile than an Echo Auto. Why do I care about this? Because with multiple drivers, the phone pairing between both Echo Auto and the car’s radio isn’t seamless and often requires some manual connections to make it work. This results in me using Echo Auto less than I might otherwise use it since I don’t always feel like going through the hassle of making sure it is connected properly.That said, once it is connected, it works pretty well. The sound quality is quite good and the Echo functionality is similar to what you would get with any other Echo product.It took me a little while to get the mapping set up to use Waze and I’m not 100% happy with that process. I’ll preface that I’m doing this on iOS. When I ask for directions, Echo sends a command to my phone to open Waze but I have to manually acknowledge the command by touching a button that pops up on my phone. Seems to defeat the purpose of hands-free driving. To be fair, it seems to work much better with Apple Maps but I prefer using Waze. Once I acknowledge the prompt, Waze navigates just fine and the turn-by-turn directions come through the speakers as one would expect.I think once the connectivity process is a little cleaner, this will be a very good product. Until then, I fear my Echo Auto will continue to be under utilized.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I WISH they had made this as a 'stand-alone' blu-tooth connector device - had they, it would be the BEST on the market! Design and materials top-notch. Picks up voice easily, transmits quality thru its wired plug/audio out connection to your car's input.  The huge failing here is the ALEXA APP which is required to make this thing work. I have an iPhone and installation of course was a snap, but USING it in the car was another thing completely. You had to work too hard to make it function. I was spending more time pressing buttons on my phone to make or take calls than if I simply had the phone in my hand!? ... The whole idea was to eliminate any phone touching/prompts, BUT, the software is too buggy to allow that to happen. I have to say, I didn't like the idea of ALEXA in my car, nor into my phones contacts .. but, I gave it a shot anyway ... didn't perform for me. It was completely frustrating. The FEW times I could get it to call someone, it called their ALEXA and NOT their phone!? - ODD and nearly scared my elderly neighbor to death when she thought I had somehow appeared in her house! LOL (just her Alexa speaking for me) - I gave it every opportunity to perform, but sadly it was a 'fail' for me.  Bring it back as a STAND-ALONE Blue-Tooth adapter for the car and I'd pay FULL price for it.  Reluctantly had to return it.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"We recently gave this a try in our car, and here's what we found: it was more cumbersome to use than just using Siri for common tasks.Cons: - No support for sending text messages. This was the deal breaker for us. It sounds like it might be supported later, and it did give the option to leave a voicemail via the Amazon Alexa app, but that just won't cut it in 2019/2020! - Voice activation was a little spotty. Oddly enough, it always picked up while we were listening to music through the device, but when it was just sitting there it would ""wake up"" about 60% of the time. - No easy way to get Amazon Music playlists to play. We download music from our playlists for roadtrips to save mobile data. We did manage to get it to bring up a playlist once, but we tried using the same phrase a second time and it just started playing an Amazon recommended playlist the second time. There MUST be an easy way to do this, but we couldn't make it work. - Doesn't appear to have a battery built-in. So it must be plugged in at all times.Pros: - Navigation sends directions to your phone and you can have it bring it up via your phone's app. Pretty easy, but not really better than just using your phone's system. - Device looks nice and the lightbar makes it look premium. - Magnetic holder works well.Overall it just isn't a best device out there. It's OK if you don't have a phone who's built-in voice assistant works well, or you REALLY need Alexa access directly from your car, like if your house uses Alexa exclusively to control lights and such. Otherwise YMMV."	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When it is working, it is working OK: comparing to an echo, I am experiencing a longer delay between the question and the response of simply the acknowledgment of question but that's ok just need to be aware and patient.When it is not working, I noted several issues:""cannot connect to your phone"".  It happens once a day and does resolve by itself. Only once, I had to reinstall the product.""cannot connect to the internet"" when asking a question even thought it is current playing some music.""cannot connect to the internet"" when close to my home, I am assuming that the transition from WiFI to Wireless is impacting Alexa.""cannot connect to the internet"", but opening the alexa app and asking the same question works perfectly""there is no station of Name X on Tune-in"" even though the station does exist and Alexa repeated the name properly.  Usually asking the same question again you will work without issue.""I have detected a new device XYZ, you can set it up later when it is safe..."".  Not sure what Alexa has picked up."	3	December 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I would like to start to say that I am a regular user of Amazon products and have multiple Echo devices in my home as well as smart plugs and other smart home technology.  I can't tell you how much I wanted to like this item.Setting up the device was a breeze and it is fortunate that it is.  In my first week with the device I needed to go into the Alexa app and delete the device and reinstall it every time I tried to use it or else it would not work.  This was extremely frustrating and the device was pretty much useless for the first week.  This was most likely due to the interference of other bluetooth devices in the car (cellphone).  At some point there was an update to the settings that seemed to correct this issue.It surprises me sometimes how little Alexa seems to learn over time with my home devices.  This is no different with the auto version.  You can ask her the same request that you ask day after day and she will still mess it up despite doing it every single day.  Be prepared to make your requests at least twice before Alexa will actually do them.  When I first get in the car, I have to wait at least 10 minutes before she is up and ready and even capable of responding to any requests.  I find myself repeating my commands and getting to the point of yelling at the device.  It can be very frustrating.There are some pluses here.  Echo Auto is able to access my Sirius XM.  The downside of this is that whenever it comes on it is always at commercial break.  I don't know if this is intentional or somehow the greatest coincidence ever.  Some channels you can ask for by name and she will play them.  Other channels you need to specify that it is Sirius or she gets confused, even if you ask for that channel every day.  A few times she told me there was trouble with my subscription and to contact Sirius which was not the case.  Once I repeated the command she played the station.I do wish the device was able to pick up where it left off when you get back in the car, both with playing music and satellite radio.  I'm curious if that is the intention.  When I get back into the car, about 10 to 15 minutes into my new journey she will say unprompted ""sorry, I'm unable to play the music.""  There are also frequent times she says she cannot connect to the Alexa app.  In these situations if you open the app on your phone it will start working again, but this defeats the purpose of the device.The Echo Auto has great potential but is ultimately a flawed device in its current form."	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Also, the need to have the Alexa app open on my phone kind of defeats the purpose of this device for the most part. In trying to figure out what the difference of having this device vs having the Alexa app on my phone, the only difference I’ve found is that Alexa can hear over louder noises/car sounds but that’s it.If we are talking about just the device, this out-of-the-box is just ok. Overall I like being able to control my home from my car. And unlike Siri on my phone, I like that Alexa actually opens my Google maps. If it can, I haven’t figured out how to get this to play music on my iPhone Music app BUT Siri does this flawlessly by voice command so there really isn’t a need. (Again, you can do all this from the Alexa app on your phone, so the device seems a wee bit like a scam. Maybe I’m missing something?)Oh and the mount that it comes with is awful. In 80 degree heat, the adhered parts started to melt off the mount, and the mount itself renders one of your vents basically useless. And let’s hope you don’t need to run the heat while this is on the vent mount because, like stated above, the adhered parts melt off.	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So at first I was so disappointed with this product, I was ready to just throw it in the trash. But since the latest iPhone update, it seems to be working much better. I had all kinds of connection issues at first: the device would not be recognized by the app, which caused me to have to de-authorize it through my account twice, remove it from bluetooth, etc. etc. After upgrading my phone to iOs13, I finally gave it one more shot. It finally connected and has now worked flawlessly. You have to leave the app open all the time, but the issue with that is it drains your phone battery too quickly. So now I just shut the app down each time I leave the vehicle and fire it back up when I get in and want to use the device. It works pretty good now. I can control my lights and Nest from inside the vehicle, I can stream my music, and  the sound quality is very good. Only reason I gave it four stars is you can't stream music on this device while someone at home is streaming music. If they can fix that issue and allow streaming across multiple devices in the same account, it would be ideal. But I am glad it appears to be working better now than it was initially. Oh, and one other thing. Every time you get in your car and it fires up, you need to verify you’re a passenger in the vehicle through the app in order for the device to work—what a pain. I get that they need some kind of disclaimer in there so they aren’t held liable for any accidents, but come on. This is a hands free device, which is the same thing as your Bluetooth phone- and you don’t need to be a passenger in the car in order to make phone calls! This is redundant and a bit ridiculous.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"We've got 9 Echos in our house.  So I thought having Alexa in the car was a natural extension.  And in many ways it is.She typically hears me very well, even while driving.  Although asking for directions somewhere she fails at a bit.  So I end up finally giving up and asking Google...  Google never seems to have a problem finding the place I'm looking for.I can ask her for directions and she launches navigation on my phone.  I think it's kinda cool she knows where I am at all times so I can ask her ""Alexa, how long will it take me to get to ...."" and she'll say ""Based on current traffic it will take you approximately....""  Or I can simply ask ""Alexa, where am I?"" and she say ""You're heading West on 422.""When I get home I can ask her to turn on the lights before I even get out of the car.  Kinda cool.  (Wish the app had location-based actions!!!)Where this thing FAILS IN THE WORST POSSIBLE WAY is playing music!  DO NOT ASK HER TO PLAY MUSIC!  Seriously, DON'T DO IT!  Sure, she plays the music. But she turns on a notification on your phone THAT YOU CAN'T GET RID OF!!!  It's the worst thing EVER!  I mean it even survives a reboot!  It even survives force closing the Alexa app and restarting it!  It never goes away!  Here's an Amazon forum about it:  https://www.amazonforum.com/forums/devices/echo-alexa/516217-echo-auto-and-music-wont-go-awaySo, bottom line?  We were going to buy 10 of these as Christmas gifts this year.  Now we're not.  I haven't thrown it away yet.  Probably just give it to my wife or daughter since they won't care about the notification.  But me?  It's intolerable.  No way.  I'll just stick with ""Okay, Google"" on my phone directly."	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received this Echo Auto very quickly after it came out, having asked to be among the first round of users. I wrote a 1-star review after a few days. ""Connectivity problems, both Bluetooth and USB, so off and on, with no rhyme or reason, I just unplugged it and stuck it in the glove box. I own 7 Echo products, so I doubt it is user error."" I got a call from customer support in response to my review. I was traveling and couldn't call back. In the meantime, I read somewhere that Amazon had pushed out an update. I did a hard reset, set it up again and have been running it again for about a week. It is much improved. In order to function, Echo Auto has to connect to the Internet, of course, and this happens by connecting to your smartphone via the Alexa App. The Alexa app has to be running. My device is now reconnecting when I get back in the car and turn on the engine, although the time it takes to connect can vary from just a few seconds to a minute or 2. During this process, unfortunately, the device says ""I'm having trouble connecting through the Alexa app. When safe to do so, open the app."" Or words to that effect. Unfortunately, that's the prompt you get even during the normal reconnection process. Anyway, I suppose by way of an update, the connectivity problems that plagued many early users seems to be considerably improved.  I also note that, perhaps not surprisingly since this device is for use in a running car, I sometimes I have yell at it to get it to respond. It may not help that Amazon has designed it to clip to an air vent, which may add to the signal-noise problem. Overall, I'm finding the device useful. It will improve, I suspect, with subsequent software upgrades and the inevitable future new versions with hardware revisions."	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This review is hard to write because I have such mixed emotions about the echo auto. I LOVE the concept. I have it connected via AUX cable to my car and that part works great. The sound quality is great for music and everything else. Other than that the product is wonderful when it works. The problem is that it stops working way too frequently. For example I will have it playing pandora and then it stops playing with no warning. I try to start it back up, but it doesnt register anything I say. It hears when I say ""alexa"" and the blue light shows it is listening but it doesnt respond and times out as if I never said anything. At first I was thinking it was purely a problem with the device, but now that I have figured out a way to get it listening again I think the problem is with the alexa app. Whenever it happens I have to force stop and restart the alexa app on my phone. At that point it starts working again. But part of the reason I have the echo auto is to make my phone hands free. I cant pull my phone out to get it working again because I am driving, and the whole point of the device is to make it so I dont have to pull my phone out of my pocket while driving. I dont think I am frustrated enough to send it back, but I am hoping I find a more permanent solution in the near future. Some people say that turning off battery optimization on the alexa app fixed the same problem for.them, but that hasn't fixed it for me and doesnt seem to have fixed it for a lot of other people either. I plan to reach out to support and will update this review once I either have a solution or find out there isn't one."	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I eagerly accepted my invitation to purchase and could not wait for it to arrive so I could install it.  I drive an over 10 yr old Ford Edge, Pixel 2 phone on Google Fi.  Installation is quick and easy.  The assistant works well.Annoyances:After my flash briefing it always gives me the weather for a location not mine.  I've set my location in the app to no avail.  If I ask for only the weather, it gets the location correct.I hate the cord. I don't like cords floating around my dash.Keeping the Alexa app running is annoying when not in my car.  If I'm in my house the app will interrupt my call to tell me to control the call with my cars functions.Won't stay connected.  I've lost count of how many times I've had reinstall the auto.  It's even caused my phone to lose it's connection to my car and I've had to repair my car and phone.What I love:I love having Alexa in the car.  I always remember things I need to do, or groceries to add to the list while driving.  Being able to set a reminder, with my voice while driving, or add to my grocery list is fantastic.It's cool!  I love having that little light bar on my dash.  Why yes I am a huge geek.Having Alexa read and respond to texts while I'm driving.  My friends love getting the voice recording when I respond.  My Google assistant has been giving me search results lately instead of reading or responding to messages.Asking it for directions is great!  It takes over my phone, and pulls up Google maps and gets things rolling.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve been pretty impressed with the Amazon smart devices so far, but the Echo Auto is a bit underwhelming. It connects fairly reliably and works fairly well for playing music or doing math while driving. My biggest complaints are that when you ask for navigation, you still have to open the link it sends to your phone. The other big one for me is when you ask Alexa to play a song that is also the title of a movie she tells you no video device is set up yet. I would think the echo auto would assume I am wanting to listen to the song stand by me and not stream it on a TV somewhere else	2	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto is a great item for the car, it simply can't do what you want it to do in the long run. The problems I have had with it are:1. Cannot change the name of the device. For some reason this is not possible. Even if you wanted to name it ""Car"" or ""Kia"" or something logical, you will be unable to do so.2. Pandora is not your phone's Pandora.  Even if you can play music from Pandora via this device, if your phone is modified (like ad blocking) it breaks it's ability to play songs. No easy way to access the radio stations you have pre-configured. Should you not specify a radio station, be prepared to have your genre to be Rap and Hip Hop.3. Getting it to call or send SMS is frustrating. You have to wait for the beep, then fight over which entry you really wanted. The pre-beep routine is not fluid for this. Its ability to select from the contacts is also compromised.Overall, it does what it says it does. However, it's implementation of music control and calls/SMS needs much work.  Lastly, the case needs a point to be able to hook it on something. Put a leash on it. Connect it to something. When you leave the car you need something to hang it on, like a lanyard...at least in my case.Good enough to keep. The most frustrating of the Echo devices..."	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Edit: 10/1/21:  Still garbage, probably worse.  I ask it to ""shuffle the songs"", then it starts playing some station instead of turning on shuffle mode for my songs.  There are still times where it loses connectivity to the internet while my phone is actually connected to the internet.  I know this because I use Waze for navigation and Waze don't work unless it's connected to the internet.  And this thing loses connectivity while I'm using Waze.  The shuffle mode for my playlist is absolute garbage.  Sometimes it plays the same song in a row.  Sometimes the playlist is only 10 songs while I know I have at least 20.  I can tell that Amazon doesn't put time into the QOL aspect of this device.  I'd give it zero stars if I could.Edit:  2/4/20.  Still doesn't work right.  I try to say ""Play Eugene's playlist"" and it comes up with some opera concert thing I didn't ask for.  Unless I talk to it as you would a 5 year old child very slowly, even then, it works half the time.  And when I get it playing my playlist, I have to always tell it to shuffle the songs (several times until it gets it right) and skip the first song because it always plays the same song first.  I'm going to figure out how to connect my phone to the to play my songs randomly instead.  Will NOT buy again.This is the 1st gen I got before it was made public.Pros:* Easy to set up.* Better than the radio, when it's working (see Cons).Cons:* Can't change the wake command.  Must be Alexa.* It hears me say ""Alexa"", then it stops playing music and waits for my next command, but sometimes doesn't hear me say ""next song"" or it just doesn't process it.  Not sure why.  Gets annoying trying to skip a song by having to say it 3 times, but all the other times before and after that it works fine.  Seems to be an intermittent problem.* I ask it where's the nearest Taco Bell and it tells me it's somewhere about 150 miles away.  Not useful.* Just doesn't function sometimes.  Could be a network problem, but there should be some foresight to programming around that, like extra wait time or some more error checking.  A few times it said it couldn't connect to my phone, which is through bluetooth.  But my phone always connects to my car perfectly fine.  Maybe it's checking for internet access as well.  I don't know.*  You have to put your radio on Auxillary sound.  A pain when I try to use the Echo to play music and it doesn't work, then I switch back to radio.Overall, I don't like it.  My biggest issue is trying to get it to perform basic commands.  Most times it works, but sometimes it doesn't.  It needs to improve.  Definitely not worth the price of a household Echo Dot.  Basically, I find I only use it as a better music player than my radio.  But I keep skipping songs on iHeartRadio or Pandora too much so it's almost not even worth it.  Haven't tried other functions much, since I'm driving."	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa so much and I was so excited to get this new Echo auto for my car. But I have so many problems with it, it makes me so sad. It only connects about 50% of the time that I hook it up. The other 50% of the time I have to pull over and restart the Echo auto and turn my phone's airplane mode on and off. That resets it but still. I have to pull over because it erases my car's preset phone numbers so if the Echo auto isn't working I have to get my phone out of my purse to dial a number, which is illegal when you are driving. Then there is the Long cord, it gets wrapped around everything including my gearshift. I wish it didn't have a cord and could stay in my purse, also because it's so bulky and obvious, I worry that someone will break into my car to get it. We have a lot of car break ins in my neighborhood, so I take it inside at the end of my day and then I need to re-hook it up every time I get back in, which sometimes isn't worth it for a short trip but then I am stuck without a phone unless I reprogram my car's phone book. But when it does work correctly, it's great to have my music and audible books in the car.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First of all, let me explain that we have 5 Amazon Echo devices in our home and we use them every day... so, having one in my car seemed like a great idea. I should also mention that I was able to buy it on sale for $19.99, and if I had paid the full price of $49.99, I would have most likely returned it (and the overall rating would have been lower).The device itself is small and unobtrusive. The mount that comes with it is bulky, and it only works if you mount it in an air vent, where it can easily be seen by someone who might be tempted to break into your car. I also hate dangling cables, so I had to devise my own mounting solution. I was able to attach it with Velcro near the built-in jacks in my console where it is nearly out of sight, except for the light bar. To avoid a bunch of excess cables, I had to buy 6"" cables. Even though it can barely be seen, it responds very well to voice commands.Getting it to work was a much more difficult task than the instructions indicate, and I had assumed that once the setup was complete, it would operate automatically as long as your phone was in the car. That is not the case. In order to use it, the Alexa phone app must be opened, then I have to go into SETTINGS and re-establish the bluetooth connection. If you are not willing to do these setups every time you get into to your car, think twice before you buy.Once it is set up and working properly, it operates just like the Amazon echo devices in your home. But, since it is using your phone to connect to the internet, be sure you have an appropriate data plan or you could get a hefty surprise in your cell phone bill if you use it for music or other applications that use large amounts of data. It is great for listening to out of town radio stations or music channels such as iHeart radio channels if you subscribe to an Amazon music plan.Overall, the smarter your car. the less you will probably like this device. Written instructions are poor, and the Alexa app isn't too helpful. Installing and using this device can be frustrating, and if you choose to buy one, wait until it is on sale. and buy it somewhere where it can easily be returned."	2	October 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The best feature of this device is that it has great microphones for hands-free phone calls. Unfortunately that's one of the only features that stands out as positive. The Echo Auto is little more than a glorified Bluetooth transmitter.Firstly, this device has a great connectivity range, but that means that when I go into my home my phone stays connected and continues to send my audio to the Echo Auto. This means I have to disconnect it manually every time I leave my car. On the flipside I have to manually connect it via Bluetooth and make sure I have the Alexa app open every time I want to use the device in my car.Secondly, the wires make for a huge eyesore. The air vent clip is helpful in keeping them looking neat, but if you don't have a car that has some sort of hiding place, your console will look like a mess.If you are just looking to use this to listen to music or podcasts then you are better of buying a cheap Bluetooth transmitter. I will say, the device does feel cool and I like to show it off when people ride in my vehicle with me. If you're big on this brand, the hassle might be worth it to you. For now I am still using it instead of my Bluetooth transmitter, but who knows if I will want to continue connecting and disconnecting my device a month from now. Regardless, great for long commutes or road trips.	3	October 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So where to begin?  Setup was more painful than it should have been and took several attempts before she finally connected. After that there have been a few hiccups but overall not a horrible experience.Some of the issues:1.  If you're listening to music, turn off the car and come back, she won't start playing from the same spot or even the same song.2. ""Alexa, play my music.""  Blue light comes on and dings, goes back off, nothing plays. We can do this for several minutes before she finally responds and does as she's told to do.3. I didn't know that my calls would be routed through the Echo Auto. I don't like that idea at all, so I turned the speaker off on the Echo Auto - she muted my call. Not cool.4. I was listening to music through the Echo Auto and a call comes in. The music automatically stopped when I answered the call. But then the music started again overtop of my call.  I say ""Alexa stop"" just as I do at home with my echo to stop music but instead with the Echo Auto, she hung up on my mom and kept happily playing music. I go to my touch screen radio controls to the phone section and call my mom back. The music stopped, the phone was ringing, as soon as my mom answered, Alexa started the music again. This is when I realised that telling her to Stop is what is causing my mom to be hung up on. So guess what Alexa, you got unplugged.5. The mount is horrible and blocks the vent and the power cord is obnoxious and in the way. So I flipped it upside-down and put it on the bottom of the vent instead. Still blocking some of the vent but a little less obnoxious.So... good and bad but not hateful"	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I want to really like this- I waited a long time for it.  I even put a 2nd gen DOT in my car, connected via wifi hotspot on my phone and that worked well.  I may go back to that....This thing is a glorified external microphone.  I thought this would be a full-on Alexa device so I am very disappointed that it is utterly dependent on the Alexa app to be running on a  smartphone in order to work.Usually it works, however, on occasion it will connect to Alexa on my phone but then appears to lock up.  I say ""Alexa- do xyz"" and the blue lights come on but go to the center and then it becomes unresponsive and the blue lights just stay on.  When it does this, nothing will bring it back- not waiting it out, not rebooting the device, not rebooting the app, not rebooting the phone. It will just come back to life when it feels like (probably after a multi-hour duration of power loss).The vent clip mount is an accessory that should be sold separately for purchase by people who want it.  It is useless  for too many vent styles but for those where it will actually clip on and stay put, the cables are hanging in mid-air and it is a hot mess to look at.  Other mounts should be available- even if it is just one of those round rubbery pads that has the square magnetic Echo Auto mount built in.Speaking of wires- does this draw so much power that such a heavy thick rigid cable is necessary?  Couldn't a smaller wire/jacket diameter have worked?  The cable is so rigid (and heavy) that it outweighs the device and pulls on it.I should have known better than to buy any Gen 1 Amazon device."	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Didn't like the cords hanging on my dash. Maybe I misunderstood the description, but I couldn't get her to respond to my questions. I tried it because it was on sale for Prime Day. Glad I didn't pay the $49.00 for it.	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received an email to purchase, kind of like the original Echo. I had issues with the purchase because Amazon was charging me $25 for the useless vent holder and the website wouldn't allow me to purchase w/o the vent holder. A 20-minute phone call finally fixed it. Not sure why it was invitation-only because Amazon wouldn't allow me to write a review or give any kind of feedback until now.First, the positive aspect. The Alexa function and integration works great. The family loves it in the car and they can play games like Song quiz. Keeps everyone happy :)Second, the idiotic part. Discarded the vent holder because vent holders are silly (using a nice word here) way to hold anything. Why in the world would anyone block a vent?! I glued a magnet to the dash and used the magnet on the recessed bottom to hold it in place. It sits vertically on the front of the dash with the cables emanating towards the bottom. Works great. Next time give me a rectangular magnet that I can mount anywhere on my dash.Finally, for the bad. For whatever reason, it doesn't always connect to the Bluetooth on my iPhone Xr. Power cycling works sometimes, turning on the Alexa app on the iPhone works sometimes, and reconnecting to the iPhone's Bluetooth works sometimes. Nothing solves the issue consistently because there are times when it won't connect at all! Great when it works, frustrating when it doesn't. My car stereo doesn't have Bluetooth, so there's a direct line from Echo Auto to the stereo. The success of this accessory hinges on this function and it fails here. If there's the next iteration, highly recommend a better Bluetooth radio/software and perhaps with AptX and/or AAC. I would be willing to pay more for lower latency and better audio quality.I hope version 2.0 fixes this.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I don't have a car that has the ability to play requested songs. So having echo auto linked to my amazon account, and playing through my bluetooth has been fun.  You do have to have amazon app on your phone, unlimited data and a car that that can play through bluetooth.  I love to just say ""Alexa play some country music"" or ""alexa what is the weather going to be today?""  I can ask ""Alexa, how long will it take for me to get to ___"" And alexa will say with current traffic how long it will take to get somewhere.  Or  I can ask "" Where is the nearest gas station"" and she will tell me.  However, I have not been able to get her to give me directions.  I still have to stop, open up the maps app, and load in the address and hit begin.  Which is kinda a bummer. I was hoping alexa would be able to give directions.  I have been able to say ""Alexa send a message to ___""  and she does send a text message to one of my contacts.  So that is a cool feature.  To be able to do this hands free makes it somewhat safer while driving. :)  I tried to have her make phone calls, but that seems to glitch up the system, as the call goes thru alexa, and caused some issues, so I don't use her for making calls anymore.  I received the echo auto  with an invitation, so only paid $24.95.  I feel it was worth that, I don't know that I would be happy if I had paid more.  I do love the vent holder tho, it works great on both my VW's and I have never had any issue with it falling off."	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After my wife bought me one for Christmas, I bought one for her as a gift.  After fighting with setup (if you specify Bluetooth, you can NOT change it easily back to aux in), and then after fighting the setup for the one for my wife (if you want to use Bluetooth, make SURE you set it up while in the car and connected from your phone), we thought everything was golden.  The Echo Auto works well if mainly what you want to do is play music.  However, the one in my wife's car cuts out in the middle of speaking, before it plays the song.  If you want it to do anything else, well, this makes it pretty useless.  For example, ""Alexa, tell us a joke"" led to: ""How do you remove a shark's teeth?""  And then silence.  I then turned to the trusty Internet and found this is apparently a known issue that Amazon has not addressed, and that for others, who may want to use this device for reminders for example, it's completely useless because it cuts out before the time of the event.I'd switch her device to aux in, but she does not have the port in her car for it, but it works fine in my car set up that way., other than I have to unplug and restart it about once per trip (after which it works just fine).That said, if all you want to do is play music, it works.  However, at this point, if a friend asked if they should get one, I'd caveat our music experience by saying it's clearly still far from a perfect device, but if you just want to play music, it'll work out okay."	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	To be honest, I like the concept behind the echo auto, but there is a lot left to be desired. It does start up quickly, but at times it doesn’t pair properly (I pair with an iPhone 7+.. maybe if you have a newer phone you don’t have that issue) and it pairs well with my Toyota Corolla. The microphones do work very well and it enhances the ability of others being able to hear me better with the windows open when I make a call. There are a couple issues I have with this product.. 1. In order for this to be useful In relation to directions, Alexa (and Amazon) needs access to your location on your phone all the time.. and it’s grabbing your location quite frequently (not just when you ask Alexa for directions or anything where it actually needs your location).. yeah no thanks Amazon. 2. The Product says it can’t connect to my phone from time to time.. or it asks me to relaunch Alexa.. or that it can’t connect to Spotify when I ask it to do that. I recognize that this may be caused by limitations that Apple has placed on the application, but these restrictions effectively make this product useless and frustrating when it occurs.. Being that it’s in a car, it’s not exactly convenient to take your eyes off of the road to reset Alexa or launch an app on your phone.. that’s why you have this product in the first place, right? In any event, when it does work, it works very well. You can control devices connected to Alexa and have it make calls for you from wherever you are, which is neat. Amazon, you have a long way to go with this one. It’s a good first hack, but wait until they iron out the kinks and this could be a great product.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hard pass unless you are a glutton for punishment or just have to have Alexa on the go.Perhaps I’m just spoiled with how easy most Amazon products are to set up and how they just work.  The Echo Auto does not fit this mold at all.  I echo (pun intended) the copious sentiment already expressed in that it’s terribly difficult to make it work.  It took me over two hours, and I have a fully functional, self-installed home security/lighting/camera setup at home.  I love to tinker, but this is just maddening.  When it worked, I couldn't figure out what made it work; then the next time I started the car, it didn’t work again.  So many times!  So much swearing!!  In fact, by the time you figure out how to make it do what you want, you realize it would be easier to just use the Alexa app on your phone.In the end, this is what works for me...  Remove power from the Echo Auto every time I leave the car (i.e. If your power source is always on, you will have to unplug it).  When I start the car, I plug the Echo in and immediately go to the Alexa app on my phone.  This must be done so you can tap the “I’m a Passenger” prompt.  If I don’t do this, it sometimes works anyway, sometimes doesn’t.  If I do this, then plug my phone into my car (lightning to USB into my receiver), it works every time.  It’s still a little frustrating because I sometimes have to adjust the stereo volume to get Alexa’s voice to come through.  It’s not the volume level, it just stops transmitting her voice through the receiver until I turn it up or down a notch.  That being said, she still does what I ask (change music, make a phone call, etc), I just can’t hear her.  Sometimes.  Not all the time.  Oh, and I have to disable the Bluetooth connection from my phone to my car because I never could figure out what made that work or not work when it did or didn’t with Alexa.I gave it two stars because in the end I can get it to do what I want.  And my kids love taking turns picking songs without me having to fumble through a menu while driving.  I have to say, however, that I wanted to give up on it.  Many times.  In the end, I’m just so stubborn and used to troubleshooting things with my house.  I had to make it work!  Amazon really screwed this one up, though, and I can’t imagine many folks would pay $50 and go through all the hassle.	2	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use it in my tractor because my tuner doesn’t work	3	September 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well, After all the hype, you could just hook up the one from your house in your car and you’ll get the same product. When I got the echo auto, I expected something more. It’s pretty simple to set up. It is exactly like the home echos. Operationally, it pretty simple, “Ask Alexa”.I was thrilled about using it, but was disappointed when it only worked by using a car charger to power it. The charger’s cord is cumbersome as well as not having the ability to place it on the sun visor. It would be great if it was wireless. The separate holder that it attaches to, was also a poor design. It only fit on my air vent which blocked my air. I ended up not using it and the echo auto now sits in my cup holder. The other issue is that it only works when you have it connected to your cell phone. It use bluetooth connectivity from your phone. So if you leave your car and take your phone, it won’t work for passengers left waiting in your vehicle. I’m going to now wait till it gets improved. I’m unsure if it works with your vehicle’s Internet access directly. I like the size and the simple design. I suggest to wait to buy one after some modifications. Especially, if you don’t like cords hanging everywhere. I suggest Amazon needs to consider changing its design to use rechargeable batteries, this way you don’t have to have it plugged in all the time just to use it. The sound come through your car speakers and it’s great to play Amazon music. It’s okay, but for the price, Id wait. One more thing, there is no touch screen, so why is it asked on the review?? You can do better than this Amazon.	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto is a great tool in the car as it is easy to ask for a weather report.  The Echo Auto also works great with Amazon Music and other streaming services such as Tunein.  Unfortunately, it is not reliable as to connecting, through Bluetooth, with my cars speakers.  Sometimes it works immediately while other times I have to play with the Bluetooth connectivity settings in my car, a 2014 Honda Accord.  I have tried various options such as plugging my iPhone SE into the recharger before turning on the car, resetting the Bluetooth settings once the car is on, etc.  Eventually, I can get Echo Auto to work if I play with the settings in a parking lot.  I suspect that the car's Bluetooth system and Echo Auto have some connection problems.  I expect newer cars to do better.Another challenge is that Echo Auto does not directly provide directs while driving.  I have to stop the car and set up Waze or Google Maps without regard to Echo Auto.  Echo Auto does help me find places of interest, by giving me the distance and address but not providing directions until I stop somewhere and manually set up Waze.Auto Echo is worth the $25 cost and I don't regret buying but I wish the software was more mature.One final word.  Since Echo Auto operates through my iPhone, it uses a significant amount of my data plan.  I have been using about 2 GB per month since I use Auto Echo to play desired music rather than relying on my radio or iPod.  That has not been a problem since my phone plan includes 3 GB per month.  However, someone with less could run into problems with their data plan.	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I tried out this device despite reading the questionable reviews and it’s just like what the other reviews said. First of all…the good things:1) I didn’t mount it on an air vent, I put it in the front armrest compartment and it still works great.2) Set up was SUPER quick and easy3) It’ll work just like a regular echo / echo dot4) It works great with wired CarPlay (and regular CarPlay)But the cons really killed it for me:1) IT KEEPS DISCONNECTING every 3-4min. I wasn’t even driving, I was testing it out in a parking lot, but it kept disconnecting from my phone (it requires you to connect to Bluetooth for the echo auto)2) The voice recognition is questionable, it’s definitely not as good as the echo or echo dot (even when Alexa already learned my voice)3) It’s sometimes VERY slow at executing commands after you’re done speaking (>5 sec)…and sometimes very fast. Its performance is inconsistentAll of these factors didn’t make it worth it for me. It’s not worth the bugs and the hassle…especially when driving. Stay safe out there and don’t get this. If they resolved the 3 major issues I listed above, I would 100% buy this again	2	May 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Amazon must really want this product to take off; I wrote a 1-star review and got a phone call from an actual native speaker of English to address my concerns.Initially, it was easy to set up, but I had serious trouble reconnecting once I turned my car or phone off.  I was told this was because the device needed to update its software (which it does automatically, but I had no way of knowing it was doing this in the background while I was struggling with it.)  Well, it did actually work after a while (presumably the update happened, not that it gives any notification about this.)I have a 2018 prius and a Samsung Galaxy 7 - not exactly off brands or anything weird, but the lady told me it was difficult for them to keep up with all of the different phones (yada yada.)Also, when it didn't connect, the device told me it wasn't connected, and that I should open the app.  I did; nothing happened.  I went to the device listing in the app, and it just said disconnected (with no option to reconnect.)Lastly, the holder that attaches to your vent isn't great.  It barely holds on in my Prius, and sort-of works in my dad's Ford Escape (which is one of the supposedly ""compatible"" vents.)  Even if the vent attachment worked perfectly, having the power cord running from your console to your vent isn't an optimal design.At the end of the day, this thing is just a peripheral microphone for your phone, so that you can keep the Alexa app passively listening (and therefore use hands-free voice commands for music, phone calls, etc.)  It's a little pricey for what it does, if you ask me."	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works, however it does not alwaysvwork with voice control. I was only able to get it to work twice. I does work manually. I don’t think I would buy it again if I had it to do over again.	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First thing out of the box, I had to modify the mounting.  There should be an optional magnetic pad with double stick tape.  I do not want anything in my A/C vents.  If you look at my picture, you can see I cut the magnetic base off of the included stand and used double stick to put it behind my steering wheel.  Makes a super clean install and there really isn't a better place to put it.  I can see the light bar and it does not interfere with my view of the dash.  Plus, the wires are not draped all over my dash as the connector and cable are neatly tucked out of sight.Now, my number one complaint is that every time I get in my car and start it up, I have to enter the Alexa app on my phone and tell it I AM A PASSENGER before I can use it!  It is a very unnecessary step!  It is a PAIN!!!  It is VOICE controlled.  I am not touching anything to use it, so why do I need to lie and say I'm a passenger to use it?I love that I can turn off the garage lights, lock my front door and things like that.  I would NEVER use it to stream...I have the iPhone it needs to connect, a radio, CD/DVD player and a USB port that all give me music, so that isn't useful to me...especially when it is using cellular data to do it.  I will ask about my trip home and I do find that useful (Waze already tells me that) Weather (already have an app for that).  So, in reality, if I knew about it what I do now, I don't think I would have bought it.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Your phone with Alexa must be present for the device to work. Would much rather this unit have 3G or similar wireless plan for full function without any ""enabler"" device."	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of a more hands free experience in the car, and this device does seem to accomplish that, where it falls short for me is in sound quality. It is plugged into my auxiliary 3.5mm jack in the car, which from most audio devices would mean a clean audio signal, this however gets audio that is contaminated by its power supply. There is an audible high pitch frequency which coincidentally changes pitch based upon whether I’m accelerating the car or not. It’s a minor inconvenience, and depending on volume levels and whether the music playing gets quiet or stays lively it is sometimes masked. In addition to the sound quality being contaminated by the power source, sometimes the sound completely just cuts out, the device still recognizes voice commands because it attempts to do what is asked of it, there just is a complete absence of sound that requires unplugging and restarting the device which is a frustrating hands on activity. Then there’s the app which sometimes disconnects so you ask the device to do something and it tells you to restart the Alexa app on your phone. So while I do see a lot of great potential, it needs some improvement before I would say it’s worthy of a 5 star review.	3	August 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I both love and hate this device. I was looking forward to getting my hands on the Echo Auto for a long time and signed up for the invitation list on day 1. It finally arrived the day before we left on 16 hour summer vacation drive, so we got a lot of time to experiment. Overall it works pretty well, but it's not without drawbacks that keep it from being amazing.The good:1) it connects to my car stereo and my phone easily2) it hears quite well, even while driving and while using the A/C on full blast3) It works quite well for directions. You ask for directions, and it will open either Google Maps or Waze on your phone automatically4) Being able to call out any song you want with Amazon Music while driving is great!5) Games work! It was nice to do some trivia during our long drive!The bad:1) It only plays music from the cloud, not your locally stored music. This is a big miss, it's constantly using data while streaming music. I wish it could stream the songs I have downloaded to my device.2) You have to wait until it connects to the Alexa app, and then approve it in the app before using it. This prevents you from just jumping in the car and going. If you plan on using the Echo Auto, you're gonna need to wait a minute before you start driving.3) No drop-in! My entire home is full of Echo devices. I had hoped to be able to drop-in on my family while driving, but unfortunately that's not supported.Overall, it's a nice device, and a great concept. I'd have a hard time recommending it to anyone but tech junkies as is, but with a few improvements, it could be amazing.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Initial review: It was easy to connect and worked great - the first car ride. Even though the the device and it’s two cords reminded me of my old add-on dashboard cassette player from 1988, I enjoyed the overall idea of Echo Auto.  I arrived home after using many Alexa features with success. Of course, I eventually turned the car off.The Alexa Auto never worked after that. The second day, I could not connect and attempted the connection procedure numerous times. I kept getting a message that it could not connect and to use the help section in the Alexa App.... which instructed me to follow the onscreen instructions... which eventually suggested going to the help section in the app and so on: an endless loop! I waited a few days and tried again - And both my teenage sons gave it a whirl at different times. We all agree: it’s a silly device and a waste of money. I suggest this only for people who enjoy sitting in their driveway or parking lot in frustration.In order to use Alexa Eco Auto, you must use the Alexa App on your phone. If you’re going to use your phone you don’t need this device.Edit: Two months after I wrote my original 1-star review, I thought I’d give it one last attempt before stashing it in a device cemetery and... Voila! Suddenly, it worked brilliantly (well, the orange light was on for a really long time). I don’t know if maybe there was an upgrade, but it has worked great ever since. There are still two wires dangling, and I need my iphone nearby, but it has saved me from picking up my phone many times. Upgrade to three stars.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am a huge lover of the whole Echo line and I have pretty much all of the products in my house but I'm a little disappointed in the Auto.  1) if you are listening to the radio, Alexa hears you, but I can't hear her because she is responding via the ""media"" system in my car.  In other words, she won't interrupt the radio and come through the speakers.  Instead, I have to manually switch the car audio system from radio to ""media"" the way I would if I was streaming through my phone.  It doesn't automatically happen, which is annoying.  2)  When I am using my phone to control the streaming, Alexa doesn't like it.  Example, if I want to continue an audio book that i was listening to via my phone, and then I get into the car and continue to listen to the book using my phone as the controlling device for the streaming, and then I ask Alexa for something, she will pause my audio book and respond, but when she's done assisting me, my audio book doesn't continue to play.  I have to go back to my phone to control the audio book (or the music or whatever).  So what I think the main problem is, that the Alexa system needs a software improvement that will allow Alexa to take control of the audio system, and then release control of the audio system, if the user wants to control through the phone.  I gave it 3 stars, because I think the potential for the Auto is fantastic, and I am hopeful that there will be updates that will help with these problems."	3	December 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't particularly like the assistants included with phones.  I buy budget phones and find that the assistants eventually run slow or the onboard microphones are too terrible to recognize commands.  When I saw that Amazon was coming out with an in-vehicle option of their echo speaker, I was stoked.  I couldn't wait to use something reliable in my vehicle and I signed up for the invite as soon as I heard about it.After about a year, I finally received my invite and purchased the echo auto.  I am pleased to say it has been far more reliable than a handset device ever has been inside my vehicle.  However, it is not quite as reliable as I had hoped.  On rare occasions, it does drop the connection and require you to set up the speaker as if it were new.The audio detection and phone integration do work fairly well. That being said, once relying on Alexa on my daily drive, I did discover that its search engine is not nearly as robust as Google's offerings.  Alexa has a lot of trouble finding map directions to places I want to go to.  It is also really particular in how it needs you to express what you want.  You'll eventually get the hang of it, but keywords are much tighter than with Google's assistant and I found myself frustrated more often than not in the switch.There is a lot to like with this device and it certainly hears me more often than a handset offering.  The problem with the phenomenal voice detection Amazon has cooked up is that it's so often just a little too stupid to understand what you're saying, even if it hears you perfectly.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use this in my 2007 Jeep Wrangler that doesn't have Bluetooth capability and run it through the AUX port on the radio. It looks decent, has a small footprint and blends in with the gray dash on my car. Sound quality is good, as good as anything else coming through the cars speakers. I use it primarily to stream music through Spotify and it works fairly well but has some flaws. In a Jeep with the top down at highway speeds, it cannot hear me, which means I have to handle the phone to select my music and Alexa Auto is just a 'dumb' transmitter. The windows and top are mostly off my Jeep from late April until October, so that makes this useless for half the year. Even in my other cars, I tend to drive with the windows down if the weather is decent. If you crank the A/C and keep the windows up all year, you won't have this problem.  The maps feature needs improvement. One time I kept asking for directions to Home Depot and it kept telling me how to get to my home. I ended up having to pick up my phone and enter what I was looking for manually. I'm not sure what else you would use this for besides music/audiobook streaming and getting directions. If your car has Bluetooth, Android Auto, Apple Carplay, a built-in navigation system, etc., I can't see what the use of this would be except for being able to launch apps by voice. But if it doesn't work with the windows down, what's the point? My other car has Bluetooth built-in and steering-wheel controls then let me skip tracks, adjust volume, etc, so I don't use it at all in that vehicle.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Again I am modifying my review of the Alexa auto.It seems it resumes working when you get back in the car when it wants to.  If you ask Alexa to continue playing she is confused and doesn't know what you are asking her.  I keep going back to the beginning of songs for a certain artist, group or type of music.  Amazon says it doesn't do that, maybe Amazon employees should try it in their own cars.Still won't give up XM radio in my car though I did in my wife's car after I installed an Alexa in her car.But, it is still worth the money especially when it only costs about $40 and Xm can cost you up to $15 a month!Previous review a few weeks ago!I have to modify my review!I am happy with the Alexa auto, but it seems that the device does not always start where it left off.  As a matter of fact I have to ask her to do start all over again which is frustrating.  Sometimes I can start it by hitting the buttons on my car system.  It is supposed to start where I left off as long as i do not turn of my app.Great idea Amazon had with Alexa auto.  Works great and sounds fantastic.  When you turn the car off and start again it plays the last song where it stopped or you can start it over. (not true all of the time)!Only issue is when your cell phone has an issue had to get help from Amazon to re-conncet it.  But Amazon has a fantastic help center.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Like: Air vent mount is sturdy and isn't bulky or ugly. Unit boots very quickly. Very sleek overall design. 12 volt plug has a second, unused USB power outlet. Microphone works well. Audio quality via cable out is very good and package includes an external ground loop noise filter.If you learn to work with its shortcomings, it is a nice addition to vehicle.Dislike: The Alexa app must be running on your smart device (can be in the background) and sometimes has to be closed and reopened before device will function. You won't know that until you start driving and use the wake word only to find that the device can't connect to the internet, leaving you to fumble with your device while driving to relaunch the app. The air vent mount has a rubber cable management clip that detached from my device after a few days. It uses adhesive instead of a mechanical connection, and after the bakes everything the glue loses its grip. If you speak to Alexa per Amazon's recommendations, which is to state, ""Alexa something something something"" without a pause after the wake word, this device will often miss your question entirely. This is especially frustrating because you see the ""listening"" light illuminate to indicate the wake word did its job, however after a few seconds the light goes out and nothing happens. This is distracting while driving because you have to restate your question. My advice is to say the wake word, glance at the indicator light to make sure it was heard, then state your request. This has to be done quickly enough to not lose the session but slow enough to work. Doable, but not as smooth as other Alexa devices. Finally, the external ground loop filter is bulky and should have been built into the device."	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product would be great if it didn't disconnect from my phone all the time. I've had this device for maybe 6 months and it's disconnected from my phone probably 6 times. I need to go through the steps of resetting the device everytime, which is inconvenient especially when you don't realize it's disconnected until you're already driving down the road.Also, my car has very loud exhaust and half of the time, Alexa does not hear me call her name, even if I let off the gas and it's quiet, she still doesn't hear me. I'll be yelling ALEXA, my kids are yelling ALEXA and she acts like she can't hear us. It's very frustrating. The idea behind Echo Auto is great, but it needs some updates so it won't disconnect so often.	3	March 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to love this device. I have two echo devices at home and I love saying ""Alexa play XYZ group"" and hearing all sorts of music. I figured this would be better than an Mp3 player for the car.  Why mfgs got rid of CD players galls me but they did.  So to get this to work, you need to plug in the echo.  Then set blu-tooth on your phone to connect to the echo device. Then you have to set your car infotainment system to blu-tooth as well. Then you have to launch the Alexa app on your phone.  So the app has to work on the phone, the phone has to work with the device, the device has to work with the car infotainment system and it all has to work perfectly.  It doesn't.  Constant messages ""I cannot connect now try again later"" or ""Trying to connect to your phone"".  Amazon troubleshooting says ""do a factor reset"". I did that 4 times before it finally worked. Then the message is ""To play that song you need to have Amazon Music Unlimited"".  We have that and upgraded it but the two echos at home are in my wife's account. The car echo in my account.  Apparently that doesn't work. I say apparently because I've been trying to get an answer for almost an hour - 2 phone calls - both dropped after I told them my concerns. Then 4 chats all dropped AGAIN AFTER I WROTE ALL OF THE FACTS.  I think I'll send it back to Amazon and go back to the mp3 player.  This should work. NOTE TO AMAZON:  Amazon - eliminate the phone.  Have your device connect to satellite so that only the device and auto need to sync up, not a phone and a phone app."	2	January 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really, really wanted to love this. We have Alexa everywhere so I thought this would be nice to have in our vehicle, which does not have Bluetooth for making calls or playing music. However.. this just falls short on expectations. First off.. you have to always have to plugged into the aux with a long cord. PLUS you have to always have it plugged into the power cord. It looks messy. I wish that they would have a long lasting battery like they do in blink cameras so you wouldn't have to constantly have it plugged in. I also wish they would have just made this with an aux insert attached to the Alexa itself, rather than have to attach a cord to the Alexa and then plug the cord into the aux. That would make this look so much better. Those 2 things fixed and we would absolutely love this.	3	January 25, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	He tenido problemas en controlar el telefono (música, llamadas, contactos) desde alexa. No accede a la lista de contactos para hacer llamadas y si tengo la música en el telefono no cambia de canciones ni reconoce que el teléfono esta transmitiendo el audio.	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have two of these; one in an older car without BT or an Aux input and one in a newer car with BT and Aux.  On the older car, it's somewhat useful.  Being a 14 yo car it needs a cassette tape adapter to plug in to the Aux output on the Echo but once connected, it's can play music and can give you hands free voice control for pulling up navigation and making phone calls.  However, sound quality is relatively good for music, but terrible for everything else.  For whatever reason, no combination of volume on the head unit or the phone improves the sound quality on calls or nav; the best adjustment I’ve been able to find just makes it tolerable.  Generally speaking, it's a relatively inexpensive way to add this capability to an older car but the constant volume adjustments going from music to calls sort of defeat the purpose of “hands free”.  I had previously used a compact, rechargeable BT adapter in a similar fashion in this car that only costs $14; with an Android phone running the Alexa app, it makes the Echo Auto largely redundant.  The overall sound quality was better in all modes as well.  But, I do use multiple voice assistants, so the Echo Auto is still preferable to setting Alexa VA as the primary on my phone.  The only real advantage here is the voice response is much better with the Echo Auto since, without one, you can find yourself occasionally screaming at your phone repeatedly to do the same things.  So it’s not a universal solution for an older car and I’ve just learned not to do certain things with the Echo Auto; I’ve basically relegated it to being a BT adapter to the phone to play music.  In the newer car, it’s basically useless.  We unplugged it after about a week and haven’t missed it.  You can skip the Echo Auto and pretty much use your phone with the Alexa app.  Also, I use the vent mount on one and the dash mount on the other.  One set of vent slots is too big for the vent, and the other is too small.  I wound up breaking the vane I was trying to attach it to using the smaller slots because the bigger set was too loose.  The vent mount also has a cable guide that popped off after a few days; it appears that it’s just sticky taped on.  I’d skip that accessory if you’re thinking of buying it as an add on; it’s low quality as well as useless and not any better than just using the included dash mount.	2	December 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an 04 Mini Cooper that is the car I wanted when I was younger, but there was no way I could afford it at the time. Because it was something I wanted back in the day, I wanted to keep this car as close to how it would have looked/been back in the day. I wanted to keep the factory radio to maintain the look and feel so I can pretend it's 2004 and I'm still in my early 20's. I also didn't want to give up the CD changer. The car doesn't see a lot of use, but I wanted to add handsfree functionality to the car for when I take it out and need to make a call or want to listen to music that's on my phone.The Echo Auto seemed like the perfect solution - it doesn't take up much space and plugs into the aux jack of the car while providing me with hands free capabilities for my cell phone, navigation, and audio streaming. When I added it to the car, I was still living in Florida where you always have cellular data. It was fantastic.A few months in, I moved to Vermont. In much of northern New England, cell service is spotty at best. At this point, I discovered that the Echo Auto is dependent on an internet connection to process any voice commands. Without a consistent internet connection, the Echo auto is little more than an expensive bluetooth dongle where you have to control everything through your phone.If you live in an area where cellular data is guaranteed, I can not recommend the echo auto enough. If you live in an area where it isn't, it'll become a huge frustration.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATE: (After 3 weeks).I hated it so much I actually tossed it out the car window in absolute frustration.  I was trying to navigate, Alexa didn't understand anything i said and sent the wrong location to google maps. Then Google maps was trying to say stuff on top of alexa all while music was playing. The whole thing was so frustrating. I would pay a lot more for a device that didn't need a phone to operate. That was such a cheesy way to go. It doesn't do anything you can't do on your phone already.I also had absolutely no luck on the One Plus 6T getting the alexa app out of 'power saver mode' for more than a few days at a time. It would always re-enable itself. It's really dumb to make a device so dependent on another device to work.Amazon: Make one that connects to 3g/4g, add it to your cell data plan for 20 bucks a month and be done with the cell phone alexa app nonsense.  It would be worth 4x this absolute heap of garbage.Ps. Sorry to the jogger I accidentally hit. Remember to unlink your devices when you throw them out (The window) folks!Initial Review: (5 stars)I had no problem getting it setup. I'm honestly not sure how it works, but i just hit continue a few times and i was done. The whole in the vent thing is silly, that's the absolute most annoying place to put it. My Nissan Altima has a cubby hole in the center dash, i just stuck it in there and it hears me just fine. When I turn on the car it's ready around the same time the car is done 'booting up' with it's logo's and stuff on the dash screen. Then there's a few seconds until whatever connects to the bluetooth. My steering wheel 'back and next' buttons work just fine, the song display's on both the dash screen and the radio screen. It's really just a more useful hands free thing than what the car came with. If i ask her to call someone it just uses the phone and the car switches to it's microphones which is fine.I did notice some odd glitch between pulling out of the driveway at the point where wifi is still connected but really out of range and the phone not switching over to cellular data. That seems to really upset the thing for a few seconds. I also noticed that sometimes she will cut words off, but i think that can be adjusted in the alexa app under Sound Troubleshooting, i just haven't bothered to care enough to play with it.  My dots will do the same cut off thing on some Bluetooth speaker too.Navigation was a let down, it just tosses the request to google maps in my case and the directions come in sounding like google assistant. Nothing spectacular there.Overall I like it, and with updates i hope it gets better, but as it is now, it's totally fine and does everything i figured it would. It is a lot smaller than i thought it would be, the image makes it look like the size of a old VHS cassette tape, but in reality it's no bigger than a party size candy bar.	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First of all, full disclosure I am not someone that is big into technology.  I have a samsung galaxy A series phone that does what I need it to do. I really wanted this device mostly for 2 reasons.  1. stream amazon music without fooling around with my phone while I'm driving 2. get directions without fooling around with my phone while I'm driving. I don't mind listening to the radio driving around town, but on longer trips it is nice to have hands free access to my music.  I thought this feature worked pretty well.  The navigation, on the other hand, not so much.  Alexa uses my google maps app to obtain directions and if my map app is not open and running, she doesn't work.  So I have to get my phone out while I'm driving in order to open the app and that pretty much defeats the whole purpose of not fooling around with my phone while I'm driving.  I've also had  it disconnect from the car 4-5 times now since I've owned it in the last 4 months and I have to start completely over with set up.  This is frustrating. Granted, it could be my phone but either way I don't have the patience to deal with it. I may just keep it in the glove compartment until I'm going on a road trip. Just in case you are wondering,  I have a 2013 toyota sienna with bluetooth and navigation but if you want directions while you are driving, it shuts off the digital menu and requires voice commands but it has never worked well for me.	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes glitches out and starts fading in and out when playing music. Sometimes Alexa just gets pissed off and refuses to respond at all. I drove from So Cal to Laughlin Nevada and Alexa refused to talk during the entire 3 1/2 hour trip. Apparently she wasn't pissed off the next day, because she played my favorite songs without any back talk or attitude. After 5 months of putting up with her mood swings and passive aggressive disposition, she just stopped working completely. I just purchased another one to replace her. We have a love hate relationship that is sometimes toxic and dysfunctional but I can't live without her.	3	April 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The single wake word sucks, especially for individuals with the name Alex or Alexa, I own an original echo and guess what I have it setup to call it echo, I can understand the progaming logic of using a single wake word, or a fixed number but use a wake word other than a common name if you are using a single wake word, like Bixby, Google, Cortana or Siri, this product is so poorly thought out that amazon the company who made and sells the product lists in the review an option to rate it's touch screen a feature it does not have. There are legitimate technical barriers that this device incurs, such as needing internet, which is pulled from your phone, it begs the question however, what can it do that your phone can't? Not much really but it provides a better hands free experience, in theory atleast, being told it can't find songs that it has access to and that it can't communicate right now sucks especially given that it was in an area with good reception, the car was not in motion, the phone it was interfacing with was a foot away with no obstructions and an analog connection was used. Overall making an adapter to use an echo dot off a dc outlet would have been a better idea, and that is taking into account setting up a phone to tether so as to provide internet connection. Overall the product has a great form factor, however what would have been a great design that went unimplimented is to accomadate an external microphone which would allow a potentially cleaner looking install with the device itself not needing to be placed in a location with good acoustics, and as a result high visability.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had a few problem with the Echo Auto, but overall the experience has been positive.The main issues I've encountered is that sometimes it takes me asking twice before the Echo will do as told.  For example, ""Play NPR"" always takes a second try every morning during my commute.  I'm sure this is something they will work out.On a 3 hour trip, it worked well except when the cell phone lost signal.  It does has some difficulty hearing me, but I'm not always a loud speaker.I was a little surprised that it didn't directly connect to my car's bluetooth, instead utilizing  the phone over bluetooth to talk to the car's audio system.  It appears that the phone app does a lot of the work.  This means its heavily dependent on the phone and may never directly integrate with car wi-fi offered by some cars. I would have imagined that it would use bluetooth with the phone to get internet connectivity for the best experience, but connect directly to the audio system in the car for audio output.  And in the future they'd add a wifi ability to connect directly with in-car wifi so the phone isn't a necessity.In any case, if you use alexa a lot, this is a must.  It has a bit more latency than an echo on your home network...the commands take a second or so to process, but that seems more a limitation of the cell phone network than the device. Having Amazon music on voice command while driving is like being a god commanding the world to do you bidding.  But the device needs a few firmware iterations still."	3	October 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am not sure what this product actually provides above Alexa App on phone. I know it can give an Android Auto type of screen on the phone, but not much more.  Positively, your phone screen can go off of Alexa App and you can still have full voice interface with your music, Waze (or Google Maps), etc.  And in addition to the Alexa Auto device, it comes with USB power cord and a ""functional"" device holder designed to connect to certain car heat vents.  The holder is magnetic and connects strongly to the Alexa Auto device. It connects by Bluetooth to your phone.  Your should be connected to your car infotainment system to make Alexa's use of these features possible. Your phone internet connection makes the Alexa system able to get information from the outdide world (like news, weather, cloud music like Amazon Music, Pandora etc. available).  But remember, your phone can already fo these functions. Alexa Auto only seems to add improved voice control over Google Assistant or Siri.  It fills in gaps in what you can by voice controlling the iteraction of your phone and car without touching your phone.  Overall, I think it is worth the on-sale price which is 50% of the full retail Amazon price.  Definitely NOT worth the full retail price to me. Good luck."	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Most of the time when Alexa is activated, my phone starts playing a podcast or music over the van speakers.  It's like Alexa can't be activated without playing media on my phone.  So then I get two things going on at once.  Long lag times, too.  Just a waste of money.  Wish I could return but I procrastinated too long.	2	November 8, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We’ve been on the Alexa bandwagon since the original Echos were released. When we signed up last year to be notified when the Echo Auto would be released I was ecstatic. At the time Amazon Music and Alexa wasn’t as integrated as it is now and it was annoying to try and use the Amazon Music app via my Bluetooth. I relied upon Sirius XM or Pandora while driving. Amazon Music has since become extremely awesome and Alexa was introduced to the app, so long as the app is open you can talk to her like you normally do.Fast forward to last month when we were able to purchase the Echo Auto early. I’m thinking this is great, no more making sure my app is open when I need to change songs, playlists, or stations. It worked great....... for the first day only. Every time I have attempted to use it since then the device connects to my phone, which connects to my Bluetooth in my Jeep but it constantly tells me there is a connection error or I’ll try and talk to her and she immediately stops listening. My husband has reconnected the device three time, same thing each time. It works great for the first day and then the next day it doesn’t reconnect. It’s now in a drawer in my office. Apparently if you can set it up via the enclosed aux cord and not Bluetooth it works much better but that defies the point of it being Bluetooth.If you can get it connected and use Amazon Music almost exclusively like we do, there really is no added benefit other than you don’t have to keep the app open for Alexa to hear you.	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Since Amazon discontinued the Input, I was hoping this could be a replacement. It's got the same ports and buttons. But, it can not connect to WiFi.Instead it requires a constant Bluetooth connection to your phone in order to work. It's streaming via your phone, not the device. It's essentially a dressed-up Bluetooth receiver with a mic. The silly thing is, you can already set up your phone to listen for keywords full-time in the settings. This device has no practical purpose.	2	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge Amazon/Alexa/Echo fan. I have 14 various devices between work and home. I have fully bought into the devices and connected services. For this Echo Auto I was on a waiting list for somewhere near 9 months. I thought it was either never going to come out or they had major issues with it. I think it was the latter.First issue. It’s not 1997 and people don’t want 10 dangling cables in the car to use basic services. The way Amazon recommends mounting and connecting this is the first deal breaker for me. You need a power cable and possibly auxiliary cable to reach the included vent mount. They mention several places about dash mounting, but with no apparent included choice or available accessory to dash mount. I’m lucky in that I have an Acadia that has a compartment built into the dash with a USB port. Then what I did is bought a $3 magnet from Home Depot and mounted it to my dash. Since all the vent mount is is a magnet, I did the same job in a homemade dash mount and only about an inch of cable shows where it’s ran into the storage compartment. It looks very nice and streamlined compared to most people’s unfortunate “recommended” setup.Now here’s where it becomes useless. If I start my car in my driveway, where I start my car every morning, My phone is still picking up WiFi. No Echo Auto connection. If I do get a connection, but then walk away from the car with my phone more than about 15 feet and walk back. No Echo Auto connection. If I had a connection and turn off the car, then turn it back on a few minutes later. No Echo Auto connection. If I have a connection and am playing music, then am out of the car for a while and do anything in the music app, no ECHO AUTO connection until I quit and restart the music app. The list continues, but with all of it, I don’t mean no Echo Auto connection for 30 seconds or a minute. I mean maybe not at all again or until I figure out a magic series of quitting apps, switching the stereo input back and forth, powering the Echo Auto off and on, turning Bluetooth off and on, or whatever it feels like that day that never repeats itself twice.So that was when the Echo Auto did actually connect. I made the mistake of setting it up 2 weeks before I got a new phone. So it was set up on my iPhone XR. When I got the iPhone 11 I did a full restore from iCloud and had every other Echo product, smart product, Bluetooth device, etc... working effortlessly. With Echo Auto ... DONT EVER SWITCH PHONES. Keep the same phone you started with for the rest of your life. If you think you can deregister and re-register just like every other Echo product, you’re sadly mistaken. When I finally put in about hour 6 of every possible solution and got it to finally accept the connection to the new phone it felt like I’d lost years off of my life and sanity. Oh, but then remember all the connection issues I mentioned earlier? They now happen about 10 times more frequently.My conclusion. This product is buttcheeks.	1	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t know if my speech problems when talking, it doesn’t really recognize things I am saying. It’s like it is looking for a certain saying and you have to say it exactly like this or it won’t work. Trying to find fast food on the drive and it was naming restaurants. We just looked it up on maps iPhone and there was sonic, McDonald’s, and others that Alexa would not tel us about.The cord is so short. I have a CRV and I’m not cray about all wires that hang tightly around the gear stick. It would be nice to charge it and then unplug it until it needs charging again. Also it doesn’t play music cause it has problems understanding me. It plays news ALL THE TIME!!!! I honestly and sick of politics and don’t want to have to listen to it. I feel like I got to scream to get her to stop playing news. Does not want to make calls as well, so I think this has to do with the WiFi problem.I think it’s my year on the CRV. It acts like it wants to work and while my CRV should be compatible others with the same year complain as well. So I just put 3 since the idea that it should work but I just don’t think it’s compatible.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was excited to try this because it is so handy to have Alexa do your bidding while you are driving. Most of the time it works really well, but I have a few problems with it. Set up was problematic. I have a 2016 Mazda CX5 with the Infotainment system. Following the provided instructions the Echo Auto didn't immediately work upon hook up. Via troubleshooting I found I had to manually switch the sound source from FM radio to my phone so that Alexa could come out of the car speakers. Once I figured this out she works well. But be warned...if you the source to listen to your radio or XM or another phone, you have to manually select the bluetooth connection to your phone to get back to the Echo. It's not really very safe to do the switching if you are driving.Also, you have to pause your command to the Echo Auto. At home you just say, ""Alexa...."" but with this car model you have to pause after saying ""Alexa"" until you hear a tone that lets you know she is listening and ready to hear the rest of your command. Takes a while to get used to.Lastly, the Echo Auto comes with a mount that attached to many air vents. You don't have to order a separate one. I missed this in the description and now have 2 mounts. The mount is meant to work with the type of air vents my Mazda has, but it really doesn't work very well, it jiggles loose and falls off regularly. I will be exploring other mounting options.Even with the noted problems, I am glad I have the Auto Echo."	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was really excited to get my Echo Auto!  but disappointment soon arrived.  It was hard to set up. I spent a lot of time sitting in my driveway trying to get Alexa to talk to me.  I followed the directions over and over.  Don't do that - call customer service.  Customer service was helpful and then put an update on it for me that addressed some of the issues I was having setting it up.  Would have been nice if I had received an email telling me to call customer service to get the update before I spent hours working with the thing.I don't particularly like the air vent mount because my Echo Auto periodically falls off in the floor.  After it falls off it is hard to get it back online.  It is like it has a concussion or something.The other problem I have is I have to yell at it.  I feel like I am mad all the time.  I don't like to yell.  It is frustrating that it can't hear or frequently misunderstands me. The other day I said Alexa play some songs by Johnny Cash and she came back with ""Let's Pay Jeopardy"".  I said okay.  Then she couldn't hear me answer the questions and kept asking me to answer.  Talk about frustrating.I have not tried asking for directions.  Mostly I have just asked for music and that has been frustrating enough.I don't need something that makes me frustrated when I am driving.  There are enough opportunities for road rage without my Echo Auto driving me nuts while I am driving."	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This in my opinion is not the same as the home experience.  I really wish this was a lot better! The wire is messy but short. If you have to clip it to your ac vent it blocks air flow and that really matters in electric vehicles. You have to have the Alexa app open on your phone to use it. I prefer a set and forget type of setup. It may or may not hear you over the music or air blowing. However it does work well when the windows are up. Not a need or want for me. I think I will regift this.	2	September 18, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First, let me say this is the first time I have given an Amazon Echo device such a low rating. There are three reasons for this. Reason number one is that the vent mount does not work. I checked the compatibility with the vents in my 2015 Honda and it was OK by the list provided before purchase. However I found every time I hit a speed bump or pot hole it would slide out. The second problem is that the part that allows you to wind up loose cord falls off. I discovered it is glued to the main piece (see photo). I should note that the temperature in the car was probably about 90 degrees in the late summer sun but I can only imagine what would have happened if I had turned on the heater during the winter months. Not good since it is mounted on the vent.So on to reason number three...The Echo Auto. I should point out that it is very important to establish your home and other destinations in your Alexa app. These are important steps for navigation. Setting up was really easy using the Alexa app. You should also do the voice profile. I would recommend this with the engine of your vehicle running to account for background noise.My first experiment with the Echo Auto was to try some simple tasks for location. I asked an easy question, ""Where is the nearest Whole Foods Market?"" Oddly it gave me a location 100 miles from my home. Asking it again got me the same answer despite the fact there was a store 3 miles away.Other problems to note include a lack of network connectivity. When you start your car you will hear that usual Echo ping. You would think that it is ready to go but it takes up to four minutes before you can start getting answers to your requests. More often than not you will only see it light up with no response or a message stating ""No connection to the network."" This should not be an issue with a newer model smartphone. Overall, its performance is well behind that of Google and Siri.So some simple improvements that I would like to see: How about not only telling me where my Whole Foods Market is located but telling me what the specials are and how crowded the store is? Maybe even asking about my frequent purchases or reminding me it is time to restock as I pull into the parking lot? Considering it uses location services this should be an easy addition.Overall, I like the concept but I really think the device has some issues that need to be addressed."	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ordered December 26, 2019. Today is October 4, 2020.It would be a 5 star review but there is some issues that was a deal breaker.Depending on the volume you litterly have to scream Alexa to get her to register you are talking to her. Or just mute the radio.She won't set an alarm or reminder or timer at all. Says she can't do that at this time.Connection. OMG. I also have wifi in my car so I never have a problem with internet. But echo is always lossing connection with the internet or my cell phone. Constantly having to turn my Bluetooth off and reconnect.Also some reason I have no idea how but it removes itself from my devices in the Alexa app. So I usually have to reset up every month or twoIf I'd known all these issues would I have gotten the echo? Probably not. I can't wait for the next gen. I pray they fix the issues.Amazon did recently add a cool thing in the Alexa app. That there is a vehicle connection mode now. But really I use Pandora. Unless you know your station name by heart and EXACT it won't play. And I have yet to be able to get it to play a playlist. I ain't figured it out in 10 months.All in all. Echo auto needs alot of work.	3	October 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like receiving Alexa integration into my vehicle to complement and complete my Alexa ecosystem at home, work, drive, and personal life. However, it has many Bluetooth and internet connectivity issues. It also cannot give you audio directions as it cannot be integrated into Apple Maps (powered by Siri) or Google Maps (powered by Google Assistant). It has it's deep limitations. For a discounted price of $20 when on sale, it is worth paying for the Echo Auto to complete the Alexa ecosystem for Amazon and Alexa fans. For the full asking price of $50, it is not worth its cost as Siri and Google Assistant (already built-in into smartphones) can do the same and even more than Alexa's Echo Auto.	3	March 17, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Okay, I just want to say I love the Echo Auto when it wants to work.First thing first I've used it both on bluetooth enabled cars and through the aux port.  The aux port seems to be better since it takes about 5 mins or so for your car, phone, and echo auto to get along.  Normally with aux port 2 times connect seems to be the max time I have to try through the Alexa app (normally it connects the first time the sound just doesn't play right away so you have to cancel and retry and than it works).About the connection issues I have, for some strange reason my phone (really hope it's not the phone since I finally bought a phone that costs more than $100) or the Alexa app forgets how to connect to each other.  So I normally have to unpair the Echo Auto on my phone and go through the Alexa app every time I get in the car.  I will admit that for some reason when I was traveling last weekend I didn't have to unpair once and everything just connected right away without me having to do anything.  But than after 2 days when I got back from my trip I had to start going through the app again, perhaps there were different updates that all of a sudden worked together and than stopped, honestly not sure.Than the biggest issue I have is Echo Auto seems to not understand english.  I ask it to play ""Last know spot in audiobook"" for 20 mins yesterday it told me after phrase I asked it that it can't find ""Value of intervention, knowing, proving and showing the value of intervention and creativity"".  Sorry but does that sound like what I asked it?The final issue I have is it doesn't like my home Alexa account or something.  I play my audiobook on my Echo Dot at home and it plays where I left off in my car.  Than I go into my car and instead of where I left off at home it seems to put me back at the original starting point of my car and not where I left off in my car.Another note is that you can't set an alarm or timer.  I know it doesn't seem like a big deal but it's nice when driving if I set an alarm because I maybe driving but have to pull over and call someone at a particular time.  But honestly it's not a huge deal you can't use an alarm or timer it'd just be nice."	2	November 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would not recommend this for Auxiliary Use.  I own about a 12-15 different Amazon Echo or Fire TV Devices.  This is by far the worst, the hardest to set up, and the advertising is a little deceiving.  Pretty technically apt, and have never had any real issues setting up any Amazon Device, or any of the other vast selection of Smart devices I own.First off, while my 2013 Pilot will accept a connection from my phone Bluetooth, and play music bluetooth, this device only works Auxiliary.  Which I knew this when I bought it, as my vehicle was listed as one that only does auxiliary.  2nd, if you follow the prompts and answer the question correctly about whether you use Bluetooth for phone calls, it wont even set up and recognize the device and complete the installation.  To get it to work, you had to say you don't use bluetooth on your phone at all even when you do.It is very deceptive that it shows the Apple Music Icon, but it only supports the Subscription service for streaming, not the music local to your phone.  This would be a deal breaker for me, and ridiculous that it is not set up to play music from your phone .  Although you can use Siri to play the music and it will play through the auxiliary.  Although if I want to use Siri for 1/2 the stuff, why do I need this device.  If I hook my phone up USB, as I do, I at least get the song title and such, and can control the music from my steering wheel.Waze is the other main reason I got this.  If you set it up how it wants you too, with the questions about bluetooth and manage to get the device to work temporarily,, Waze doesn't even work and will crash the setup, it says to check your phone and nothing is there.  If you lie, and answer no to both of those it works the majority of the time.  Even though it works every time both ways if you go through the alexa app for Waze.I would definitely not buy this device for the auxiliary.  I would also hook it up to a speaker and not your  car to set it up that way, as I first spent about 30-45 minutes with my car running trying to set it up.  Then another hour or so, with it hooked to the speaker to finally get it to work.Maybe I will try it in my wife's car, otherwise this device basically made my car prehistoric to how my car was already functioning and using Siri and Bluetooth.  Not even sure if I can use the speakers for Phone calls, you can't tell it to call someone because that is not supported, and since I had to tell it I didn't use Bluetooth for calls for it to work at all, I can't afford to trust this to work with my phone and not disable my Bluetooth mid call.Maybe i will try it in my Wife's car at some point, otherwise I will only use it for travel at hotels and rentals that support the device.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this was going to be the answer to playing music safely while driving, I was wrong!The good:Its seems well built and small.The bad:First off they could have come up with a better way of attaching the device to your vehicle.  The vent clip is big and awkward, I ended up sticking it to my dash with some velcro.  I ordered longer audio and USB cables so I could do a clean install.  The problem is the ports on the device are so close together that I could not use my cords and had to order new cables that had smaller plug ends (this is more my issue but they could have spaced the ports out more).  The device takes forever to connect to my phone and half the time it will not connect, you just get a light blue light going back and forth until you unplug it.  It will also disconnect sometime during use, it’s so bad that I end up fighting with the stupid device like a married couple in traffic.  I thought it was an issue with my phone but my brother is having the same issue with his brand new S20.Now the real issue I have with it is how it handles music.  I spend a lot of time in the mountains without cell service, so I downloaded my playlist on Amazon music so it wouldn't be an issue.  The first time I use it in the mountains the music stopped and Alexa told me she was trying to connect.  After ripping my hair out for hours I figured out that the Alexa auto opens the music app through the Alexa app and not in the Amazon music app?!  So if I want to listen to my downloaded Amazon playlist I have to open the Amazon music app and play it though there.  You can't control your music from the Amazon music app with the Alexa auto and if you ask for a song it will open it back up in the other Alexa app.  So my hands free device is now a hand on device and defeats the whole point of having it.Now to my MAIN issue, you can’t get rid of the music notification on your phone.  It shows the current/last song you played in the notification area on the phone (Android).  When you swipe to clear the notification it will go away for a bit then pop right back up.  You can’t kill the notification unless you restart the phone.  Also I don’t want to mute the notification because I use it sometimes as a backup to change songs or stop music.  My brother is having this issue too on his S20.Save yourself some headache and wait for the next version.	1	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was offered the option to purchase the Echo Auto prior to it becoming available to the public.  My truck is just old enough that it does not have Bluetooth capabilities.  So, thinking this might give me some options for taking calls and listening to music hands-free, I purchased it.Here are the issues I had with it:1) Too many cords required - I had to hook this up to both the cigarette lighter as well as an aux cord.  So, right off the bat, I have all these cords everywhere, getting in the way.  I also had to manually shut off Alexa and disconnect the power cord every time I left the vehicle, as I didn't want to leave the Echo plugged in and on if I was not in the car.  This lead to having to plug her back in and turn her on every time I got in the car.  Inconvenient.2) Sketchy connection to Alexa - While our family has purchased probably over ten different Alexa products (for ourselves as well as gifts) and did not have many issues with them in the past, the Echo Auto had nothing but issues when attempting to connect.  After asking Alexa a question, she just wouldn't respond at all sometimes.  You had to repeat yourself numerous times to get a response.3)  Attempting to make and receive calls was a crapshoot - I feel like I would have to have a five minute conversation of 20 questions with Alexa before I got to the number of the person I was trying to call.  On incoming calls, there was a huge delay in the call coming into my phone next to me and when the Echo would actually start ringing, allowing me to pick it up by a voice command.  In fact, the delay was so great, my voicemail would often pick up before it even started to ring through the Echo itself, leading to calls being missed.Here's what worked well:1) Music .. Sorta?  - When I was able to get the music to start playing through this, it sounded really good.  And it was nice to listen to my Amazon Music Playlists in my vehicle. However, with a single aux cord, I can have the same thing with my phone, so..Summary - I attempted to play around with this for about a week after I got it and haven't even touched it since then.  I would not recommend this unless the issues with the call handling are fixed.	2	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I didn't care for wires running around my truck so I just hot glued the device to the USB cord and wire tied the cord short. It picks up my voice great and does not sit in front of my vent. I was concerned that it would not connect to my radio through blue tooth because my truck is 6 years old, but it connects with the push of a few buttons on the radio. So far all went well. Here is the down side.  The Alexa app on my phone has to stay ON in the background and it starts lining up icons across the top of the phone every time I enter or exit the truck. This becomes annoying pretty quick. Also if I don't use the truck for a day it starts telling me it is slowing down data usage. I'm not sure what that means. Is it using data the whole time it is running in the background? If so that is unacceptable. In all honesty I have had it in my truck for almost 2 months. When my phone updated it turned off all background apps and I never started the Alexa app again and haven't missed it. It is still there and I will probably play with it again, but it isn't as handy as my Alexa devices in my home.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I brought 2 of these for 2 different cars. Around the same time they both went out and required them to be completely reconnected. Once that was done,  the devices were never the same. The delay once her name is called is horrible, at times 30 secs or so before she acknowledges you called her name, to play song, to answer questions, to get routes going is a whole different story. At times she doesnt even respond, so after 30 seconds of waiting to see if she's going to respond and then you realize shes not going to and having to call her name again to wait 30 more, can be annoying. (sometimes it is less than 30 sec)When I first got the devices they were perfect.  Not sure why they both needed to be reconnected and did not work as well. Would I buy again. Yes, just annoying to have to wait  for her to respond and thats if she does. Overall 3 stars. Plus I paid $20 each so hey.	3	November 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There are times were the devise will not sync with my phone. Despite my phone syncing with my cars bluetooth no problem. You will need your location on for it to sync properly and answer commands, whereas that does not matter for other echo items I own.Set up does not automatically prompt you to sync your phones contacts with the echo auto. So you have to manually go in the app and allow it to read your contacts. Seems like this should have been a prompt for this.Audible app and asking the echo to play audible do not match. If you ask the echo to play audible, it will play. But if you go through the audible app, it will not remember the time you listened during the echo request, and restarts where you left off in the audible app. It also sometimes has issues pausing. When I ask the echo to pause audible, it will not pause it. Had to reset to factory settings and set back up all over again to fix this. Also, there is a character named Alexa in the book and the echo pauses everytime the name is said. So you will have to mute the devise if that's the case.The mount is bluky and blocks the air vent. I bought a third party mount that works great and keeps the devise and cable out of the way.	3	November 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First the setup. I have a 2018 Toyota Highlander, and a Samsung Galaxy Smartphone. At present, before the Echo, I already had Bluetooth Connectivity with Amazon Prime and Spotify thru my phone.  So why do this? It was free thru Nationwide Insurance.The setup was like all other devices, laborious and you wonder why they haven't changed, but I got it done in about 15 minutes.  With my Highlander, I do not need to have it on my AC duct, since the shelf and such is right next to the ""Cigarette"" lighter port.  Takes some getting used to having a ""Cylon"" like device staring at me.  Volume is tricky, but fine, (you must set volume on your phone and your car separately). Music works fine, no different then without it.Even though my car has a map feature, it is MUCH easier to use Google Maps and such. The alexa basically allows you to interface verbally with the smartphone maps app. I still must ""play"" with it. A week later, I found it is much much easier just to use the old way of navigation. Using this unit still makes me stop the car and adjust settings.This device is so determined by what kind of car you have and what year. It would be SOOOO much easier just to have an Alexa based car (some are out there) then this. But it does work, but is just a repitition of what I already have, which works so much better.The other thing is that everytime the car is off, and I turn it on, it takes a while for it to reset itself. The car, of course, does to, but this a bit longer. I basically have to do a set up the unit everytime I start the car. MAJOR strike against it.Bottom line, it is a beginning, but there is so much to do to make this worthy of purchase. Especially the app itself. Very cumbersome. I already use the apps, music, etc it is just a royal pain to use it. Once you have it set up. it becomes an in car echo. Yes, I could make phone calls, but I can with my car too.  So, I would never purchase one. Why? The interface between the car and smartphone is so much easier to use.  Ok, you can ask about restaurants and such, but then everytime you start the car, you have to set it up, which renders it worthless."	2	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Awful product, bought this thinking I would be able to use it to change between songs while driving and avoiding looking at my phone. I spent more time yelling and articulating exactly what I want Alexa to do than if I had just pulled off the highway and gone in my phone to change the song my self.I asked it to so many simple things such as shuffle playlist or play a specific song and was either met with an “I’m sorry, I don’t know how to do that” or a completely wrong song.I think it would be easier to build a time machine, go back in time, and prevent my own birth then it would be to get this thing to work properly. Alexa would pop on in the middle of a song and listen to me sing along like an angel without me even mentioning its name.This product was difficult to set up, constantly had problems with recognition, pause my music mid song and start listening to me, and constantly answer me with “I’m sorry I don’t know how to do that” even though it did it ministra before.The only reason I gave the sound quality 4 stars is because it played through my cars speakers and the only reason it wasn’t 5 stars is because my car doesn’t have good speakers. Alexa on any other device would be better off than this.If you can, do yourself a favor and put an echo dot in your car and use it without Wi-Fi it works just as good as this product.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for this but it utterly failed.First the good.  It connected to my iPhone and let me use the features that required Siri to unlock my phone to use.  I could play music and place calls.I never had an issue with Bluetooth connectivity.  It connected every time and quickly.I had this connected to my usb power adapter and also connected to my car’s AUX input.  It was able to play music and output sound.Now for  the bad.Its a large device.  The placement and thickness of the wires (USB and Audio) cause it to look bulky and cheap.The mount has a magnetic latch which I like, but the vent cover attachment was awkwardly angled and didn’t work well.The device has a strong magnet. So strong that when I went over a bump, my Alexa fell off, or should I say ripped apart. The magnetic back stayed attached but the rest broke apart. (See photos).The audio quality is poor too.  I constantly hear lite crackling from my car audio when using this.  It’s not noticeable when audio is playing but sadly when nothing is playing.I don’t have good faith in the microphones on this.  I had to repeat “Alexa” multiple times before it heard me.  Other times, my commands were ignored.  I have multiple Echo devices at home and never had this problem.  I’m not sure if it’s because a car is generally louder than my home?  I would have expected this device to compensate for the extra rumbling and wind that cars always have.I really wanted to like this device, but the build quality has rendered it useless.  Now I need to find out if I can get a refund or exchanged if a defective device.	2	September 1, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge ALEXA fan and have devices all over my house. I saw this at a great price and jumped at it. The installation was simple and clean. Pairing to my phone to an abnormal amount of time but it eventually worked. Everything works well. But after installing I realized the phone is doing all the work. The response is from the phone and if you don't have Bluetooth in your car you can use the device to run a cord from it to your AUX port. The sound however is very tinny and sounds like it is coming through a tube. That being said I still use the AUX cord directly from my phone. The only advantage I see with this purchase is that my phone automatically turns on the ALEXA mode for driving, and the mic is much better. But other than that all the features are on your phone. Why don't you just use your phone?	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Now I know why my insurance company gave me this for free.  It is not worth the money Amazon charges.  It is not a useful tool in the car, but just a distraction.  First of all, it is useless for navigation because it can not access addresses in my contacts.  So, I can't ask it to take me to someone's house.  I checked with my Echo at home and saw that it has phone nrs and email addresses, but no street addresses.  I never knew this before because I don't try to navigate my home anywhere.  Secondly, at home I can use Alexa to play music from several services I subscribe to.  Not the Auto one.  It plays crap that is not even close.  It is more of a distraction from my driving duties, than anything else.  I will take it out of the car so it doesn't cause an accident from cussing it out.Well, I decided it was worth another try when I realized I can control things like thermostat and lights from my car, but when I tried using it again, I saw that I have to make a choice of listening to the car radio or to Alexa.  That entails repeatedly changing the source on my stereo from one to the other.  Just another distraction from my driving.So, the summary is that Echo Auto is another distraction which requires too much attention from driving.  It shouldn't be in the car.  It is now a paperweight (and not too good a one since it is so light).	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"1st, it's important to understand what Echo Auto is. It is NOT a real, standalone Echo. It's nothing more than a bluetooth microphone for the Alexa app on your phone. This means, assuming you use bluetooth to connect your phone to your car stereo, you've got a bluetooth 3-way to negotiate every single time you start your car. Even on the best of days, everyone knows bluetooth is a crapshoot. Eventually, you just give up and don't bother with the 2-3 minute process to get it all paired and working.Remember the amazement of your first Echo, when you mumbled ""Alexa"" from across the room, over blaring music, and like magic she heard you? Yeah, The Echo Auto is NOTHING like that. Echo Auto is riding shotgun with your grandpa who hasn't changed the batteries in his hearing aid since the Clinton administration. Unless you're at a stoplight with the AC off and all windows closed, there's basically zero chance she'll hear you.Then you've got the joy of the Alexa app itself. At least the Echo Auto understands it's bad and is very apologetic. You'll be hearing a LOT of apologies. The app constantly exits, leaving the Echo Auto stranded, begging you to restart the app ""when it's safe to do so."" Even the briefest loss of Internet, like in a cell hand-off, gets another apology. You'll particularly love it when Echo Auto hears you, the Alexa app chews over your request for a few seconds and then simply ignores it. It's just like being married for 30 years! Also perplexing is how bad the Alexa app is at streaming music compared to Amazon Music. Alexa only buffers a few seconds of data so again, it's apology time when the Internet connection drops. Amazon Music buffers entire songs, has better search, and just sounds better. Lastly, others have already touched on navigation, and they're spot-on. On the rare, absolute miracle instance when Echo Auto gets the requested location right, it kinda works. Most of the time however, you're going to be fiddling with the phone to get it working. So much for hands-free. It's far easier to just prep Google Maps with your destination before you take off and hit the ""Start"" button whenever you're ready for navigation.I'm really perplexed how badly Amazon missed the mark with Echo Auto. All we really wanted was a mobile version of Echo Dot. Hell, take the Dot as-is with its Far-Field mic array, give us a 12V adapter for it, create a simple app to pass Internet from our phones and we're golden! Hopefully they'll figure it out for Echo Auto 2.0."	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Pros: Easy to set up. Connected to my phone (via Bluetooth) quickly.Cons: Wired connection to car interferes with phone usage.My car doesn't have Bluetooth. Although this was easy to set up, the only choice I had was to connect the Echo to my phone by Bluetooth and then connect the Echo to the car sound system through the auxiliary input. Alexa sounds fine through the car system, but other things I want to use on my phone (e.g., Waze) play only through the phone speaker. And when I asked Alexa to play music from a Pandora playlist, the music played on the phone speaker, not through the car speakers.Perhaps this device would be more useful if I could connect it to the car audio system with Bluetooth. As it is, it's pretty much useless to me. I'll be going back to connecting the phone to the aux input and conversing with Siri again.PS: I've downgraded this review even before posting it. I decided to give it another try. When I went out to the car, I waited about 15 minutes whilst Alexa told me that she was having a problem reconnecting to my phone by Bluetooth. I gave up, came back here, and dropped another star.UPDATE: I've revised my review and added a star to give credit to Amazon's tech support. They are really trying to help. I spent a long time with one of their reps in two calls over a few days. Although he didn't have any answers for me, he tried really hard and provided a few clues. After exploring lots of audio settings on my phone, I finally managed to get Pandora working on the Echo Auto and playing through the car's speakers. And although we seem to have determined that there is no way to use Waze through the Echo Auto, there's a barely acceptable workaround of resetting the default navigation on the phone to use Waze for directions. You still don't see the Waze map on your phone, but at least you can hear the directions.I still can't give this a high rating, because of continuing connection issues. In addition to being quirky about making the Bluetooth connection to my phone, it's got other issues. I tried giving it its first road test yesterday. Soon after I drove away from my home (and apparently lost the wifi connection), Alexa informed me that I no longer had an internet connection. (The Alexa app on my phone also showed ""no internet connection."") I had an LTE connection through my mobile provider, and no other apps had a problem connecting."	2	November 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First off nice idea but REALLY bad design not from the unit appearance but of how to get it attached to your car, you have a long cord you plug in to your cigarette lighter or like me plug it In to your usb port  since my cigarette lighter is half way across the car. Who knows why lol. Now on to the cord placement you have a funny looking vent hook up but sadly worst idea ever cause now you can't get any air from coming from the vent that it's on plus you have a wire that's just sitting there out in the open and with the radio there you have to move it each time you want to do something. And lastly it only works well 30 percent of the time the rest of the time it says (echo lost connection to your phone) so I thought maybe it's the phone I changed to a new phone I bought. No apps no service or it bought it just for the echo auto . Thinking I'll just leave it and if someone is driving the car it will still be able to work for them. nope 🤣 like I said it will only connect to the phone most of the time. Other times its lights or moving back and forth and when it finally stops moving (echo has lost connection with your phone) so I open the alexa app maybe it will work better if it's always open . Well it works better but not nearly enough. Them like all other problems it sometime can't connect to the internet when the phone it self has internet . Enough internet to view youtubeSo all in all it's not worth 20 bucks if they can't fix the bugs and design a bit better I ended up getting a sticky pad and moving it to my dash just perfect placement for the cord it's not in the way and it's tucked in well without the need for returning it . Needless to say if I paid more then 20 bucks for it ... It would have been retired and returned already .	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really, really wanted this to be great, or even good.  But I'm disappointed.Set up is easy enough, although like many I chose not to use the mount Amazon supplied.  Like everyone else, I didn't want go advertise that I had this device in my car.  I have it tucked in my console, and it hears me just fine.Here's where it disappointed me:1.  You must have the Alexa app open, so if you start driving and forgot go open it, Echo Auto won't work.  Wish there was a way around this.2.  It often loses the connection and, of course, stops working.3.  I tried several times to use it to read my audible book, but it never starts back up where it left off.  If you use only the EA for Audible, it will start back up a few pages behind where you left off.  But if you listened to your book outside of the car, it could start back up chapters behind.  And doesn't seem to be a rhyme or reason where.  I really wanted to be able to get into  my car and voice activate my book.  Nope.  This was a real disappoint for me.4.  I don't need another wire connected go my charger or aux input.I think the EA has potential, but if you have a smart phone with Google maps, bluetooth, Audible app, etc. you probably don't need this.  So far the best thing it's done is add things go my shopping and to-do list.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is WAY too complicated to use in my opinion.  The Alexa app has to be open which kind of defeats the purpose of even buying this device because you already have the app on your phone.  It is good if you have Alexa in your home.  Keeps you connected I guess but again you have the app on your phone.  Connection with Bluetooth can be clunky depending on what kind of car you have.  I think the device could use some improvements to make a little sensible and easier to use.	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this product for one reason only. Android Auto and Amazon Music do not play well together, and I could not (successfully) verbally request songs. Something was lost in translation, and although it would always play something, it was literally never what I asked for. I was hoping that an actual Amazon Alexa product would work, and it does, mostly.The connection issues are real. This product is always losing its connection to my phone, and I have to wait several seconds to a couple of minutes to successfully reconnect.It still doesn't work through Android Auto and my Amazon Music app. If I ask Echo Auto to play a song on Amazon Music, it will, but if I have the Amazon Music app open through Android Auto it doesn't recognize that anything is playing. This also means that I have no way of seeing what's playing without messing with my phone, exactly what I'm trying to avoid.I'm not sure how this device, Alexa, and Amazon Music can all communicate with each other so poorly, but there it is.I totally understand where some of the negative reviews are coming from, but at the end of the day, I bought this so I could request music without taking my eyes off the road or pulling over, and it does work for that purpose. Mostly.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATE:So I do have one issue and it's a major one for me. I can't change the wake word. Because this uses your phones Alexa app you can't chance the wake word. I don't u see Alexa as the wake word on any other device so why can't the wake word for the app and auto be changed as well.In my opinion changing the wake word should be a simple as saying what you want the wake word to be. If I want the wake word to house then it should be that. There shouldn't be a short list or devices where your cant change it at all.So I read the reviews on here amd saw many negative reviews. Well I get the not wanting to have to use wires. I have a male to male 3.5mm audio connection, a ground loop for the audio connection(takes away the humming some will get). I use vent mount and power cable it came with. I bought this because my Samsung Galaxy s8 Note dosen't stay connected to my vehicle's bluetooth.So now I can say after more than a week this Echo Auto works great.  I can use SiriusXm and Amazon music, make phone and alexa calls, send text and other messages,  make sure the doors locked or the lights are off and more all while on the road. Eventhing above I have actually done.I love it and would recommend to anyone.	3	May 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was super excited to get this after signing up for the invite to try it out before released.  Setup and connection were very easy. But then the issues started.  It takes a few minutes for Alexa to actually get connected and working.  You cannot use it as soon as starting up the car, it takes a good 5 minutes or so before which can be annoying.  Second the stand for the unit has an adhesive rubber piece that holds the cord in place, every time I come out to my car it has fallen off, the adhesive does not stick.  You have an option to use an aux cord or USB for connection to the car, but you must select Bluetooth for it to work through the speakers. This means I cannot use my ipod while in my car for audio which really sucks!!  Alexa has a mind of her own when she wants to work, sometimes it takes at least 10 ""Alexas"" to make it work.  My favorite feature however on the good side is being able to tell Alexa ""resume audible"" and she picks right up and plays where I left off which I really like. I also like my kids being able to play games on it while in the car or ask a quick question, but realistically, the Alexa app on the phone can do all this too so not quite sure what the advantage here is.  Really wish it was less complicated and I may have rated this higher but the difficulties and cons exceed the benefits at this point."	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like the Echo Auto when it’s actually working, but as soon as I turn the car off, the next time I get in it won’t stay connected. Have had to forget device numerous times and it is still giving me problems. Since getting it, my phone has also disconnected from my car several times. I think there is some sort of connectivity issue, I’m hoping to trouble shoot.	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If car doesn't get to hot, it works well!	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was looking SO forward to the Echo Auto when I requested it over a year ago.  I was even MORE excited when I was selected last month to finally purchase one!  Sigh that's where it ends.Fairly easy to set up.  Device showed up in list quickly but I received a call during the installation (after I tapped on the device in the list to continue setup) which I think confused it because I had to try several times after finishing the call to actually complete the setup.It took me a while to hear the sound test because I finally realized I had to change my input to BT Stereo (DUH!).  The blue light was responding to me but I couldn’t hear her answer until I switched to BT Stereo.  This is where I became HUGELY disappointed and this realization was such a letdown.  I had hoped I would be able to use the Echo Auto by itself as a standalone unit (like all of my Echos at home).  I thought it had it's own speaker(s) which it does, but it's not like the other Echos speakers.  I’m trying to figure out if I can change this... maybe connecting to a portable speaker that I leave in the cupholder and disconnecting bluetooth??  I want to be able to listen to my factory radio (and my Sirius paid subscription) AND be able to ask Alexa questions or have her read me a book or add to my shopping or to do list WHILE the factory radio still playing.  Why would I risk going over my cell data using the Echo Auto when I'm already paying for the Sirius subscription in my car?  I don't have an unlimited data plan and I don't really want/need one.  So whenever I want to communicate with Alexa, I have to change my input to BT Stereo, then tell/ask Alexa what I want, and then change the input back to my car radio for the music.  At home, I don't need to change my tv input to communicate with Alexa so shouldn't it be the same in the car??  Very disappointing and frustrating.On a side note, I've attempted to listen to an audio book but I can't figure out how to do it.  I don't want to subscribe to Audible if I don't know if I will like listening to someone reading me a book.  I realize I can do a 30-day free trial first but I figured since I'm a Prime member, I should be able to try listening to one of those books first and see how I like it but can't figure out how to do it.  I also have a bunch of books on my Kindle but I guess those can't be read to me because I didn't purchase the audio versions???So overall the Echo Auto is just “meh” to me.  I want her to be her own device and speaker and not have to change the car’s input to Bluetooth... totally defeats the point.  Maybe/hopefully Amazon will fix this??  I'm glad I only paid $24.99.	1	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall, I enjoy having the Echo Auto in my car. It allows me to seamlessly access the major contents of my phone without having to manually turn on a separate Bluetooth dongle or plug into the car’s AUX port. Especially when I discovered the ability to set my default music service in the Alexa app, I was thrilled to be able to easily access my custom or favorite Spotify playlists and artists. That being said, I’ve had multiple issues that get in the way of true functionality. Asking for directions is a bit too much work; in the process of getting Alexa to correctly hear the right location, and then requiring me to open the app *while driving* to activate the directions, there’s enough danger present while driving to nullify the feature. Furthermore, the device has recently lost the ability to skip songs when requested verbally, which also sort of nullifies the ability to play a playlist. It would be nice if it were essentially like talking to Siri through an Alexa car microphone I wouldn’t otherwise have; having to operate through the Alexa app as a necessary second step to use its features makes the “hands free” factor a bit less hands free.Like I said though, overall it’s great to be able to just sit and ask to play a favorite band or my favorite radio station/podcast, just needs to have some kinks worked out (the inability to skip songs might just be a glitch in my device, but for a device I hardly interact with outside of my actual drive, it gets somewhat annoying).	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Why use this product? Mainly because you can leave your smartphone in your purse, backpack, briefcase, etc. and use the multiple mics on Alexa Auto to pick up your voice to interact with the Alexa App. The mics on Echo Auto work better than my smartphone when my smartphone is in it's cradle on my dash.  In my experience, this has been hit and miss because yor car's entertainment center (""radio"") will not connect to the Echo Auto reliably. It's pretty reliable if you get your phone out and open the Alexa app (put the Alexa app the foreground) before you put away your smartphone. But, if the Alexa's app is in the background on your smartphone it will connect to the Do Auto VERY unreliability. A real PIA. Directions are a real disappointment. If you ask Echo Auto, for directions I hoped it would provide audio directions...turn left at the light, stay on this road for the next 15 miles, things like that. Nope. It makes you take out your phone to get directions like normal. Non advantages the. Also, and this is a pet peeve off mine, there are Amazon sponsored ads during brakes in shows on Evho Auto. I get it, ads are part of life. But these AMAZON ads use the wake with word """"ALEXA!"" which does the Echo Auto dead in it's tracks. Come on Amazon, stop that! With improved connectivity and enhanced functionality, this will be a great device. Right now, it's just ok. Sometimes really frustrating. Having said that, I'm glad I have it and look forward to Amazon improving the product through software updates."	3	November 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"-1 Setup wizard. Tons of failures-1 for Alexa failing to control devices (open to garage door).-1 for input/outputs cord locations.+1 for the car charger with dual USB output.  -1 the car charger does not support USB-C Power delivery. So I can't use it anyway.I did not expect a cable to run across my dash and console to power this thing. It needs to implement Qi charging, or have the cord go through the back of it so that I can hide it.Why on earth did the Amazon engineers disable Echo Auto from being able to control devices?! The Echo in my kitchen can open/close the garage door. The Echo Auto should be able to as well!Setup failed about 20 times, then it worked on the 21st time. Well I thought it worked, but after trying to ask Alexa to do something, it kept saying that it wasn't connected to my iPhone, even though the Alexa App indicated that it was connected and active. So I had to hold down the button again and go through the setup for the 22nd time. It failed because it was already connected to my iPhone. So I had to instruct my iPhone to forget the Bluetooth connection. Then I went through the wizard again for the 23rd time. Oh wow, finally ""Alexa, play Taylor Swift"" actually worked. But it has only worked once so far.Not worth it. Amazon just blew their opportunity to get Alexa into the car, but releasing crap software like this is going to turn off everybody for now.UPDATE TO 1 MONTH LATER:Still crap. The echo device literally doesn't do anything.This is interesting: I got a phone call from a suspicious person, she claimed to be from Amazon and wanted to talk to me about my ""Amazon account"". They said that in order to talk to me I have to give them all my Amazon account info for ""security reasons."" I laughed because, of course, some random phone number calls me and wants to talk about my account. I always like to tease the phone spammers a bit and act like I am going to give them my social security, bank account number, and my kidney. After I gave them fake information about my kidneys, I actually received an email from Amazon about this review. So the phone call WAS ACTUALLY AMAZON tech support! Crazy, but total security failure asking me to verify my full name, address, and credit card, Amazon needs to fix that, they should be verifying themselves."	2	October 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When this works, it is fabulous.  There are two cords included so you can use it with a cigarette lighter type of outlet or plug into the aux port in your car.  It will only be as good as your phone connection so if you go somewhere outside of your cell service it will drop, which would be problematic if you were using it to navigate. However, if you are in an urban area with good service it works just like Alexa at home.  My problem with this is that 75% of the time (I've had it over a week) it doesn't engage and you have to put it in ""discover device"" mode and ""find"" it again in the app.  However, for the last two days my phone has not been able to ""find"" it.  I'm disappointed because it worked wonderfully for the first three days and then I had to ""find"" it again for three days and for the last two it has not been ""discovered"".  My phone has bars and I am in an urban area.  It should work and I should not have to keep finding the device.  Disappointing."	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I thought getting an Alexa Auto would be like having a Dot/Echo for the car.  Turns out it works entirely differently.  From what I can tell the Alexa Auto is a fancy bluetooth-connected controller for your PHONE.  In order for the Auto to work, your phone needs to be on, AND you need to have the Alexa app open on your phone.  This means that you need to check your phone to ensure the app is open before you get going.  If you forgot, you're out of luck (unless you can hand your phone to a passenger to open it for you).  Want to listen to something on Spotify?  You'd better open that app ahead of time, too.  Is your phone in a language other than English?  The Auto pulls the language to use from your phone.  As of right now, there's no way to select the language you want to use independently of your phone.  For most, this isn't a problem, however I had my phone in Spanish, which prompted the auto to only respond to Spanish, which really does not work when many bands or song titles' names are in English.  The only way to ""switch"" the Auto to English was to switch my phone language to English.  I should not have to change my phone settings, especially when  other Amazon devices (Dot and Echo) let you pick your language in their setup.  In short, if you want Alexa in your car, it gets the job done, but it doesn't have the ease of use I was hoping for."	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When it works, it only halfway does what you want and it's very frustrating. But it doesn't always work and it's inconsistent. It stopped functioning so I tried saying ""Alexa reboot"" which worked. The next time it broke down I said the same thing and nothing. So I said ""Alexa restart"" and that worked. Stopped working again and neither of those worked so I had to unplug it to restart it instead.Tried to send a text message to a friend and it could not recognize the name and told me it had no contact information for a completely different name.Tried to use it to listen to a podcast and it did open the podcast I wanted, but would only play the latest episode and would not let me change to any other episode.  Then I got a Facebook messenger notification on my phone, which I ignored, but the podcast stopped playing and would not resume no matter what I did. I had to start it over at the beginning. So I said ""Alexa, forward 10 minutes."" It forwarded an HOUR and I could not go back so I had to start the podcast over again. By this time I am driving down the road yelling at the damn thing.It's NOT READY YET Amazon. I don't know why it's so different from my home Alexa or why it sucks so much worse, but you really should not have pushed it out so soon. I suspect you were just trying to release it by Christmas - but it was a really bad idea."	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I tested the Echo Auto and I have very conflicting feelings about it. I love all the echo devices in my house, and i hope to love echo in my truck. I have found that i can't use it all the time in my car. I have a 2015 Ford F150 Platinum. So my car is not too old. But I am not able to have my Note 9 and Note 10 connected bluetooth to the truck at the same time as the Echo. For some reason the Echo Auto cause our phones to not have any audio sound if they are both connected at the same time At first I thought it was my truck so we tried it in my husband's 2018 Infiniti and got the same results. So I was very disappointed that about this because I use my phone to take hand free calls in the truck when driving. And I use my phone for Google maps when I need directions. Also, when I want to play my music on my phone instead of the Prime Music. So I have to choose which device I want connected. I choose the Note 10 because I am able to still do everything I use to hands free, which I am used to doing. Don't get me wrong I love using the Echo Auto but I hardly ever use the it. I hope they fix this soon because I wanted to have the auto garage door and lights option. And I wanted to use so many other options but until this is fixed I will continue to use my phone.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m hoping someone will still get back to me about this product. I didn’t realize that they give a whole year for returns. I missed the window because I didn’t know I had that long. The magnet isn’t strong enough and the way it holds up by the vent in my car made it fall down often and actually even break open. I liked the product because then my kids could pick music even though it was frustrating waiting for it to sync regularly. But now I miss it. It needs to be handled with care more than what is possible in my car.Still hoping for a replacement actually from this review. Wish it was more sturdy.	2	August 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So, my husband got one of these bad girls for himself. He is the ""payer"" for the Amazon accounts, but like, I have my own account under his, so we don't see each other's carts and all but he is the ""main"" person, idk, anywho... I got one for myself, however, I could not use most the Alexa features unless I was logged in to his account on my phone. The device works via the phone, and the phone has to be logged in to the main person's account. If I logged in to his account on the Alexa app, it would log me out of my account on the Amazon app, and into his. This wouldn't be such a bother, however, his parents use his account and CLUTTER up his ""saved for later"" cart, and the payment methods, and addresses, and I cannot handle it. The features I could access on my own Alexa account were more annoying than the radio. I could only play the very most free stations (could not get to his Amazon music either), and I would say like ""Alexa play Chris Stapelton songs"" and she would give me 1 Stapelton song, 2 other songs I did not ask for, and then 4 minutes of commercials. I couldn't ask her to look anything up either. She also sucked at sending texts for me, but that could be the service out here in BFE, she also would lose signal with my phone cause of our address, which was just the last straw. I just had to send her back."	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	At first this thing was great. I don’t have integrated Bluetooth in my car and I hate the radio adapters. I really liked the hands-free aspect for skipping through podcast ads and choosing new songs, etc. However, I commute 45 minutes each way for work and  the Bluetooth disconnects at least once a trip. I have to then wait for it to reconnect and keep guessing, pressing play manually, or manually turn the Bluetooth connection off and back on - making the hands free aspect pointless. I probably wouldn’t recommend this product.	3	April 16, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Every single day, I hop in the car and ask, what’s the traffic, I need direction to xyz, or ask her to play music and everyday I get “Sorry, Alexa auto has lost connection with the Alexa app.” I have unplugged, replugged, uninstalled, reinstalled, no matter what I do it’s constantly disconnected the next time I get in the car. I can’t just get in and go, I must reconnect every time before I start driving, so annoying and inconvenient.	3	May 16, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I bought this on during the invitation only sale for $25, and I feel that I still overpaid for it. I'm surprised that Amazon is actually selling this for $50 now. The voice recognition is sketchy, and that's really the best thing about it. The device does not integrate well with existing apps on my phone and often conflicts with apps I use to stream music and/or podcasts to my car stereo through the bluetooth connection. I find that although I have linked my preferred streaming apps to the Echo Auto, when I request a podcast or music, the device will opt to use a streaming service that I haven't linked, and don't even have an account with. About 25% of the time I ask the device to do something simple, it simply just doesn't do anything at all. I can see the light strip light up, and I can hear the sound that indicates it's listening to me, and sometimes I'll even see the light pulsing as if it's ""talking"" to me, but no audio comes out. Most of the time this happens, it just listens to the command, then turns back off with no response. Then there's the most positive thing about this device, the voice recognition. It frequently misinterprets what I'm saying. For example, if I'm playing a trivia game, and I give the correct answer in a clear voice, it sometimes will think I said something totally different and count the answer wrong. This kinda ruins the game, and the kind of mental engagement I get from playing trivia while driving helps keep my mind active and it's one of the reasons I bought this device in the first place. I have, on multiple occasions, become so frustrated with this thing that I unplugged it and threw it on the floorboard. I keep hoping it will get better with a firmware upgrade or something.I would not recommend this to anyone unless they dropped the price to $10 which is the price point that this garbage functions at.Updated to add: Don't try to use this to navigate. I have tried on multiple occasions after linking my Google Maps navigation. The navigation will stop without notice and you'll miss turns and freeway exits. I won't even try navigating with it now because of all the trouble I've had so far.Updated to lower to 1 star. After my initial review, I was contacted by Amazon about the problems I've been having. Basically I was told that they know about the problems, they know that they're problems, they hope someday that the problems will get fixed. So glad to hear that the manufacturer has as little faith in the product as I do. They suggested that maybe when the Echo Auto won't connect while I'm driving, I can, while driving, go into my phone settings to force the application to close, then re-open it to see if the device will reconnect. At this point, it's an expensive way to get frustrated trying to play a podcast, music, or trivia because at best this thing will understand you 30% of the time."	1	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I ordered mine as soon as my invite arrived and it came pretty quickly.  Installation is easier than a GPS unit and it's less obtrusive.It's a nice way to control some of my audio features Audible and Amazon Music.  The sound quality is great and I can use it to call people through my phone.  Dropping in works so I can talk to people at home, even though that has the very obvious lackluster sound of a speakerphone conversation.  I wouldn't knock points off for that.The problems it has though.  First, it doesn't have any alarms or timers.  This doesn't seem like that distracting of a feature to put in and you may be wondering why you might want such a feature in an auto tool, but if you're like me and are forced to show up to work early due to circumstances and sit in your car, because coworkers cannot figure out that off-the-clock means I don't want to talk business or shop, hanging in the car reading is a far better and enjoyable use of one's time.An alarm or timer could be a great feature to be able to turn on.I know, I'm sort of a niche consumer there, but having Alexa nudge you at the right time means I can take my mind off of work for a little bit before I have to go back in.No, the worst part about this product and the one that I think may be the Alexa is that it drops the Bluetooth connection.I've used my bluetooth with both my car stereo before Echo Auto came along and with a lot of peripherals and have had no problems, but with Echo Auto, it periodically drops the connection.Which is a VERY annoying and VERY frustrating thing to happen when driving through traffic and your sound drops out and doesn't return.  Where trying to correct the dropped music or interrupted audio book could end in disaster (auto accident).What really sucks is that it happens almost randomly.  For me, it can happen while cruising down the highway or driving down a city street.  It is just random and doesn't seem to be connected to my WIFI signal or cellular signals like that can mess with a phone.It does seem to be the bluetooth connectivity.When directed connected to my phone, I never have this problem.Sure, maybe it's my phone, but it's the Echo Dot that I talk to.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this on Black Friday thinking the low price may make this item worth having for hands free driving. The reviews weren’t great but, well, why not?I didn’t have any set up problems. It was up and connected in seconds. I hid it safely in the console where I have a USB port. The 8 mics pick up my voice easily even over the radio. If I chose to use the vent clip for long distance driving perhaps, than the holder is very strong and the device will be securely set.***I do have only one complaint and it’s a big one that I absolutely cannot stand! But so far, I’m tolerating it :-(I have XM radio so whenever I have given Alexa a command it turns off the XM and goes to BT mode. This requires me to now reset my radio back to XM each time. Annoying! I suppose I could avoid this by just listening to my Prime music through Alexa but that can get old very quickly since I listen to that at home.That annoyance aside, I find this to be a handy device. I also have Siri and OnStar but I like having Alexa on board too. This way I can control lights and any other Alexa skilled item in my home (which is most everything).I also forget sometimes to set Alexa guard when I leave the house and now I can feel secure in giving the command hands free when I remember.It’s worth the Black Friday price I think. Actually it should be even less! For a new device it’s ok but I recommend waiting to see if they improve the integration with other functions to remain all in with hands free and no visual distractions (like having to switch back to original settings after a command).***UPDATEI’ve been driving around for a while now and decided I hated this useless thing. It has never connected to my Alexa app to accept commands. Better to say that it WON’T connect unless you open the app before driving and tap the I’m a passenger bar. If the Alexa designers were so concerned about my being hands free than it should connect immediately and automatically. I don’t take the time to open my app every time I get in the car. Would you? Would you even remember to? So, this useless thing sits inactive most of the time. When I remember to open the app it’s because I give a command and alexa says it’s not connected. So, I’m now driving and opening app saying I’m a passenger which Alexa makes you click on. How is that hands free?? What a colossal waste! It still doesn’t return to the XM radio so of course I have to reset the radio every time. I can use steering wheel controls to do that but why should I have to? I returned it finally despite its pretty decent Black Friday price tag. I’ll consider rebuying when someone can make this thing more intuitive/app and user friendly.I do not recommend this Alexa device.	1	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the fact that I can tell alexa to play music or trigger some routines. But it needs few improvements.1. It should get Alexa announcements.2. When playing music, it doesn't use Amazon music app, instead it uses Alexa app. This is problem for me because I use android auto. After I tell alexa to play music, when i use car in-built controls to change music, it doesn't work.	3	May 24, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto connected and setup quite easily. Using Bluetooth to play music worked well. My big issue with the device is Alexa. The voice assistant was unable to locate specific stores for me hands free and I would have to use the built in Google assistant in my phone to get good search results for things close to me. Alexa couldn't find close by gas stations or give me hours for a store that I wanted to visit.Alexa also had trouble finding specific playlists on Tidal that I wanted to listen to even with the Tidal skill activated and I would have to manually select the music I wanted to listen to.Because I have had so much trouble with the voice assistant part of this product, I have stopped using it and gone back to using my Roav Google assistant device. I was hoping that the Alexa assistant had improved from the last time I utilized it, but it seems like it's search/location awareness/speech recognition has not really improved much, and more often than not I got told ""I can't help with that"" or given information about stores that were hundreds or even thousands of miles away.If you have a high level of Alexa integration in your smart home, I could see how this assistant would work well for you, with the broadcast capabilities and routines; however just as a traveling companion to help with navigation and information about stores and gas stations, Alexa is still greatly lacking behind Google Assistant.10/10 amazing setup process. 1/10 voice assistant integration into the connected driving experience."	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We love Alexa products and so when my Bluetooth went out in my car - we replaced it with Alexa Auto. Sadly about a month after we got it I started having car troubles. No problem my husband fixed it - new battery and alternator. In the meantime we disconnected the Alexa because we weren't driving as much and didn't want to leave it on the dash. A few weeks ago I reconnected it for a trip we were taking. Just 4 days after we reconnected same issue with my car. Battery charge notification on my car and trouble starting. Disconnected Alexa. And haven't had a problem since. That was 4 months ago. I will never use this product again.so disappointed.	2	August 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So, I have an older car that can only do Bluetooth for calls, not music. It does have an aux port, but I have a phone with no headphone jack. I was looking for a good alternative to an FM transmitter, and hoped this would work.It does work nicely as a Bluetooth dongle for my car, I just think if this is your sole need for it, 50 dollars is way too much for it. I got it as an open box warehouse deal for 60% off, so I am overall okay with it if that’s all I use it for.HOWEVERThe Alexa app on the iPhone is the absolute WORST and I suggest you not rely on it. It keeps telling me that it can’t connect to the internet, so the voice command is useless. If it’s not connecting to the internet, then I’m sure GPS and Alexa features are going to be trouble too. I’m going to try it out and come back if i find anything that works out well, but so far I understand how people new to this sort of thing would want to send it right back after opening it. I’m not sure I have the patience to deal with it if it can’t bare minimum find my cellular connection all the time.Also, the cords are an absolute nightmare and I’m trying to find a good solution for them as we speak. I thought one commenter was being dramatic about the cords but I underestimated how much I hate having messy cords on my dash.Update:So I’m still not sure why you can’t just turn your car on and the thing be ready, but I know on my iPhone running iOS 13, if I swipe down and press the Bluetooth button, then press it again and select the Echo in the list of devices (like you’re manually pairing it) and then open the Alexa app myself, it usually works right away. If not, it takes a few minutes, and I mean like 10.I also wrapped the cords around the base and used the cord keeper. Perfect solution? No, but it’s no longer spaghetti hell in my car.Sometimes it randomly stops the audio. Annoying. Have to unplug it. Sometimes it quits working again right away. Knocking off a star for not working.	2	February 18, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge Amazon Device fan. I have several Echo devices, as well as a FireTV Stick. When I saw that an Echo Auto device was being announced, I immediately jumped on the opportunity to get on the waiting list. Unfortunately, I have been disappointed. I drive a 2007 Toyota Tundra, so I have no Bluetooth music capabilities nor Bluetooth phone capabilities.#1 Therefore, I use the Auxiliary output on the Echo Auto for everything. The power cord comes with little clips that allows you to clip the audio cable with it to allow for a clean integration. However, there appears to be no EM shielding on either cable, so there is a constant high pitched squeal that increases with my engine speed.#2 No one can hear me on the phone when I use the Echo Auto to take phone calls. How can Alexa hear me when I ask her questions, but not hear me when I am on the phone?#3 The navigation feature is absolutely useless. It is hard for me to use directions without a visual (e.g. a screen). Also, I asked Alexa to find me the nearest gas station while I was looking at one. She proceeded to tell me that the nearest gas station was 29 miles away.#4 The air vent mount is absolutely useless; it keeps falling off my air vents.Finally, I enjoy being able to bring Bluetooth capability to my truck. But, I do not think it is worth paying extra money for the Alexa Smart Assistant feature.3/5 Stars overall	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought my Echo Auto in 2020, and I've used it constantly in my car. I already had bluetooth connected to the music on my phone, but I wanted the ability to set reminders and appointments as I thought of them while driving. It was working perfectly until a week ago when the device started saying Phone not connected to the internet. Umm, yeah, you're wrong Alexa, hello?I did all the things they say to do to work this out. I finally got it to respond, but ONLY while I was running the Amazon shopping app. I DO NOT NEED to have Amazon shopping open all the time. I don't use the app anyway.  So, frustrated as hell, I took a hammer to it and dumped the parts into the recycle bin. Maybe they'll perfect it down the road, but I decided to start using Google Assistant to do the things Alex used to do before it stopped working. Google works on my phone when it's connected via bluetooth. Once I figure out how to get Google assistant to read my emails, I might actually get things done while I'm on the road.The product just doesn't get the job done. AND, I'm a highly-skill user of technology (I program websites, install NAS servers, etc.) so this wasn't a user error. It just stopped working. At least it worked for 18months which averages out to a little more than $1 a month. Fix the product Amazon.	2	February 2, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge fan of Alexa. Was on the waitlist a year ago for this device.  Didn't get selected.  When I saw it was available on Prime day I bought it. I got it to work and was excited.  After a day or so it was constantly looking for my phone and telling me to change settings in the Alexa app. In short, I returned it. Was more of a pain than I was willing to deal with.Plus sides- It heard me over my music, when it did work it was spot on, pulled up directions and actually pulled up google maps for me on my truck screen, I think what the issue is in my situation was the Bluetooth, my truck is trying to use bluetooth, Alexa is trying to use it, and somewhere she gets confused. This would probably work fantastic if you did not have your phone connect to bluetooth on your stereo. If it had a wifi option, I would have tried that as my truck has wifi. I run my printer, phone, and surface pro over the mobile network, I'm sure Alexa would connect to it too.I am going to attempt to install an Echo 5 in my truck and connect to wifi- See what happens!	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I drive for a living and this seemed like the obvious choice to make my driving experience 100% hands-free. Unfortunately I am always fighting with this thing. It barely hears me and the dock does not stay securely attached to the vent system past about a week. It does connect to your phone well just like any other Alexa device but the echo auto needs some serious improvements with the mounting system as well as with the voice recognition portion because it rarely works for me without me having to pick it up and hold it to my face so that it can hear me. It’s very frustrating End it ends up not being a hands-free experience which is what I purchase this for in the first place. I will be returning it.	2	August 2, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the Echo Auto. It worked fine in my 2015 Ford truck, but my wife had a number of issues with it staying connected to her Samsung S9 cell phone and her 2016 Jeep. I mainly got it for her as a the Jeep internal system did not work the well when trying to make cell calls. The Ford truck's internal system works good and never had a problem. So, I really did not need it for that. I thought using this would work instead of her Jeep internal system for cell calls, but it would not stay connected. Also the volume of the Echo Auto is very low, even in my truck I had to turn it up a lot to hear it. I also do not like that fact that you can not listen to another music source like XM Radio, CD, or USB drive while wanting to also use the Echo Auto. The Echo Auto has to be set up to be you current audio source. If not, you can not hear any calls though your speaker system. It is a good idea, but I can not see that it would be as good as a current vehicle internal system. I can see it being used it you do not have a Bluetooth hook up in your vehicle, but you will have to have a 3.5mm audio jack input for your audio system. In older vehicles, before the integrated nav systems, it would be good, but any newer vehicle with the internal system, this would be more of a step back.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the folks who got the chance to buy the Echo Auto early, so I did. Little did I know that the transaction also forced an “air vent clip” on me at additional cost. I also didn’t realize that this thing requires multiple extra wires and cables, including power and USB in to car audio (my car has BT, but this would never connect to it), and then of course the cables run all over the driver’s cockpit. THEN of course, you have to have your phone magically connected to some triad of phone-device-car in order for it to work. THEN it will do things for you that most more recent cars will do anyway, like “Alexa, play XM radio channel 23” (or, I could just press the XM button on my dash and tune in to 23). “Alexa, get the weather” (or I could use XM Weather OR just check my phone’s widget screen when I’m stopped at a red light or at my destination). Basically, I found it to be an awful lot of gobbledygook and frustration for something that’s too fragile a mixture of devices, too stringy a physical connection and offers too little of actual value while driving along on the road.I can see where some people who are SOOOO into the “Echo lifestyle” just could not live their precious little lives without it, and so I won’t say “don’t get this.” Those are also the people from whom I generally flee at cocktail parties, but it’s a free country (for now). If you NEED Alexa... if you have separation anxiety every time you’re without her reassuring voice... maybe this makes sense. It doesn’t exactly break the bank, so if it makes you happy to have one, go crazy with it. But wireless voice-controlled auto devices have been around for a while as have car speaker phones, and you don’t have to find special radio frequencies on your car dial to use them as such, either. I find so little value in the limited things you can do with this device and so much hassle in setting up, connecting and using, it didn’t take me long to decide to send it back and declare the experiment in my car to be a failure. It is just not revolutionary the way the home Echo was when it first came out and probably needs some major rethinking along the lines of paradigm-disrupting if it’s ever going to go anywhere. This doesn’t even ask the paradigm for a cigarette and compliment its dress.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It tends to lose contact pretty easy and has to start over	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It managed ok for a good while but apparently Alexa had troubles finding the network while my phone didn’t. I’ve had increasing issues with continual play lately and I give up. Not worth it. I used with ford sync. Not sure what the connection issue is but I will go back to Bluetooth or hard wire. Don’t need Alexa anyways as it cannot even open a garage either.  No recommendations at all.	2	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The experience of adding this thing is Terrible! First, you would think that this is an auto accessory right? It's Literally called Echo Auto. Well, if you were thinking that's how you connect it? Nope.You've gotta add it as an echo device just like if it were in your home. So, you finally get it connected. Great. It works....sometimes.Mine is stuck in limbo at the moment. It responds to alexa, but says you have to connect it via the app. It is connected via the app. It shows. It shows connected. But it doesn't work.But that's ok, because the alexa experience on an iphone is useless anyway. Alexa is slow, and can only control her own app. Did you open pandora to play music? How dare you! Alexa can't control that! You have to open Pandora by using Alexa First. (this is actually my primary complaint with all my alexa devices. They Constantly get confused at what is actually happening)So why more than 1 star? Because it's actually an acceptable bluetooth device. I use it for phone calls in the car. The microphone array is probably as good as the other bluetooth kits that you can get for 25-40 dollars. So when you get this thing for less than that, it's a good deal.If you're car already has bluetooth? Then this thing is just plain dumb, and will likely cause you headaches, and shoot...maybe even cause enough frustration that it's a distraction and cause you to crash! That would suck.For some reason, for iphone at least, it's not Quite registered in the way you want though. If you answer a call, it defaults to the phone, not this device. If you're wearing a bluetooth headset it defaults to the headset if it's connected. So there's a delay in answering calls. So that's annoying.So bluetooth quality? It's fine. If you have an aux jack, then this is a cheap way of adding a bluetooth speakerphone and bluetooth music connectivity. But otherwise, steer clear.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I sought this product because the built in features of my vehicle frankly suck.  Navigation is a pain, and it can read texts but not reply to them.  I was hoping this could help with that.At this time SMS is not a feature of the device.  This implies that it will be at some point, but that point is not now.And Alexa for my car can initiate the beginnings of navigation.  But I need to physically start the navigation by making a selection on my phone.  So I can't just say ""Alexa navigate to RestarauntX"" and have directions begin.  This means to be safe I need to pull off the road to start any new navigation.I have a large collection of personal Audio, but at this time I have no way to access that through Alexa without setting up a server to host it.  Even if the files are on my phone I can't initiate playback via Alexa.I don't generally use Skills on Alexa, so I haven't done so in my car either.  I am sure there are a world of things I could be doing, but have not mastered yet.The device is new technology at this point, and I have little doubt these things will get better but for no my three goals for the device have not been met.I can not initiate text communication while driving.I can not initiate navigation without doing something on my phoneI can not playback the audiofiles from my phone.This is my wishlist for the product."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I still don't understand how the Echo's don't have separate volumes levels for voice and music. If you're listening to background music and ask for something, you'll barely hear it. So you need to turn the volume up and when Alexa finishes talking, you're left with loud music. Same thing happens in my home and all my 7 Echo devices, I don't know why I was expecting this to be solved in the Auto version.Other than that, it works exactly as any other Echo device. I love that I can control my smart home devices while driving. Like when I'm nearing home can say things like: Alexa set Nest to X temperature, turn on X lights.Audio sounds exactly as when streaming through a smartphone.Bluetooth have a little delay, the Echo light will turn on and like a second later you'll hear the prompt to talk. But the same thing happens when I skip/play/pause a song on my phone.Navigation is as easy as setting up your home/work address and asking for directions there. It'll automatically open Maps on my smartphone, which is mounted to the windshield.To place calls and send texts messages you just need to ask send a message/call X person.I'm sure this uses your mobile data plan, so beware if you don't have unlimited.	3	October 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had allot of hopes for this device, however my experience has been full of glitches and awkward use.Mainly, the device works as a Bluetooth speaker for your phone that outputs out of your cars speakers. This might be what you're looking for but for me was a little disappointing. Pretty much any request given to Alexa auto just goes to your device. For instance, asking for directions just pulls up directions on your phone, asking for music just pulls up Spotify on your phone, ECT. A good car mount for your phone can give you better functionality really. Furthermore, the device was rather glitchy, many times I would ask it to do something and there would just be no response, she heard me, thought about it, and did nothing.On the positive, the device is very easy to install and connects to your phone Bluetooth very well if that's what you're looking for. I can see this being very useful for those who's cars don't support Bluetooth audio.In a second generation, I'd like to see the device be more self sufficient, really only using your phone for it's internet connectivity. An option to use your phone display as an echo show to supliment the echo auto would be better than just pulling up Google maps or Spotify on your phone; however the main point of the echo auto should be that you need no display.With that all said. I think the idea of Alexa in your car is a really good idea for safety and convenience, so I hope to see a generation 2.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Complete transparency I didn't see the point in this and probably would never have spent money on it but received it free because I am a Nationwide customer.  If it hadn't been free it would be going back to Amazon.  This thing is complete garbage.  It should never have been released as it's not ready for prime time and I don't like being a beta tester.First I have no issues with my cellular service including listening to amazon music via bluetooth in my car.  I hook this thing up and every time I get in my car I have to wait for about 5-10 minutes before it stops saying ""cannot connect to network"".  After it finally figures out I have a strong cell phone signal it doesn't resume what it was doing when you shut off the car you have to give it a command.  I will say it does an amazing job at hearing and understanding me, same as my alexa home devices, my praise stops there.  So you give it a command, alexa play xxx music.  If it has finally connected it says playing xxx music on xxx station.  That's great, but it does nothing.  I give it the command again and it repeats my command and does nothing.  Sometimes I have to repeat this several times before it finally starts playing music.If I get a phone call or I am using something like Waze for navigation, or anything that pauses audio, instead of playing over it, when the call or direction has completed the Echo Auto doesn't resume, you have to start the whole Alexa play xxx ordeal all over again.Another buggy issue is when I try to skip songs using my steering wheel controls it takes a few seconds for the command to take effect where as if I am just playing music on the amazon music app it's almost instant.  I see ""Amazon Alexa"" on my screen during the skip so it seems to be routing the music through the Alexa app instead of just playing Amazon music directly and this slows it all down.  Sometimes during this process it stops playing and you have to start all over again.Lastly if you give it a command such as give me directions to xxx via Waze you have to pick up your phone and respond to a notification to get it to start which defeats the purpose of having a hands free voice activated device.  I will admit this may be an iPhone issue but it's still a pain.Basically since I have received this device I have yet to be able to complete a drive start to finish while enjoying music I have selected through Alexa.  This device is worthless and will not make life in your car easier it will frustrate the heck out of you.  Perhaps Amazon will fix it but don't touch it until the reviews start being positive.  Let others be the beta testers, I have already removed this device from my car."	1	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This is a device that could be an app. It's an extra bridge and an unnecessary bluetooth connection to get Alexa to work in your car. It would be far more simple to just have an option within the Alexa app for an ""Alexa Auto"" mode where she listens like a regular alexa device. It would also be easier just to bring a echo dot into your car and plug it right into your head unit and then use the hot spot function on your phone. This device in short is not needed and it's repetitive. The only reason I don't chuck it in the garbage is because it plays my amazon unlimited music almost perfectly when it does connect which is about 65% of the time. Otherwise its useless. You can't reach the buttons on it if you position it on my dashboard in ANY of my vehicles. I warned Amazon that this was a device that needed a use. They didn't listen and here it is.**UPDATE** Revised to ONE STAR but I would give it ZERO stars if possible. Amazon actually called me regarding my review because they were concerned with my connectivity issues. I told them how to fix this issue with a very simple software patch that would fix the same issue with thousands of people who are apparently having the same issue. They apparently didn't think my advice valuable after they paid someone to get it so the problem persists. Actually it's gotten worse. Now, with that being said, this is product is dangerous. I say that because it's EXTRAORDINARILY BUGGY given it's mainstream distribution. If this was a toy or a baby seat the FDA would have recalled it because it is DANGEROUS. The device asks you to unlock your phone or you have to touch your phone to check whether it got your destination correct when using it for navigation (which it usually gets wrong.) This makes you have to pull over or try to make you make the adjustments while driving which is not only ILLEGAL in many states but could put you unnecessarily in a life threatening situation.ATTENTION AMAZON - I would strongly suggest that you either make this work correctly OR disable all functionality except to use it as a music player before you get someone injured or killed. It works with Amazon Unlimited music wonderfully. It works fairly well for turning on lights. It is terrible for actually having to answer any questions. This is due mostly to the fact that Alexa is married to Bing which IMO is the idiot of all search engines mostly because Microsoft is more interested in advertisement and click revenue than they are with giving you actual tangible information.AGAIN- This device is DANGEROUS! Everything this device does could be accomplished by a modification in the app on your phone so that the user can have VISUAL verification that the task requested is properly executed OR recall this and give it a SCREEN like an echo show. As is this is a lawsuit waiting to happen."	1	October 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There's a long lag before alexa responds, she needs to connect to your phone which connects to your speaks which means there's quality drop and long delays, and you need to keep your data on.You're better off with a google phone or an iphone using Ok Google or Siri to control your music or ask questions.  No need for this thing.	2	October 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This connects to my phone easily and when I start the car it boots right up. I can talk to it and it understands me, but that’s the extent of its usefulness. I ask it for directions and it puts directions on my phone,  I can do that without Alexa. It’s not safe to read directions while driving. If I go directly to my phone it will give me verbal directions. Quite simply, she doesn’t talk to me like the home model. I ask about weather, traffic, etc and she only prints the answers on my phone screen. I’m not going to try to read my screen when I’m driving.I might be doing something wrong, but I don’t have any problems with my other electronics. The instruction booklet isn’t helpful at all. It tells me how to connect Bluetooth…which I’ve done. No instructions at all on how to encourage Alexa to talk with me in the car.I’m VERY disappointed in this	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So, dear Alexa and I have no end of problems. I still love this product because it's better than the goose egg I had before, but I have some complaints. I got this to be truly hands free and it seems that every time I get in my van I have to unplug her and plug her back in before she will connect to my phone.That's if I'm in my van. She has no problem being ready for me when my van isn't even ON and I'm just in my brother's basement where I'm currently living. Still, better than nothing until I can upgrade my vehicle to something that has a built in system that will stream SiriusXM, which is 100% of the reason I got this.	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have multiple echo devices in my home and wanted an option to stream music and make phone calls from my car. This seemed to be a great addition. That's why I purchased this. The almost year wait for preorder was a little ridiculous.Pros: Installation was easy, basically just plug and play and once it connections it will work relatively out the box. Can do basically anything you can do from any other echo device.Cons: It doesn't always work as expected. I have been using connected with aux cable due to not having Bluetooth in my vehicle. When it connects to my phone it will stay paired even when it should go into standby, like when turning off vehicle. Have had instances of it trying to stream in my vehicle when it is off. I tried streaming music at home from my other echo devices on prime music and it is always trying to play from the car, even if it has not been connected for hours or even days. The microphone doesn't always pick up voice and sometimes the AC running in the vehicle will cause interference and cannot understand requests. I've had to add a new device on multiple occasions due to Alexa app and echo auto no longer recognizing each other.In all fairly happy with the purchase but some of the bugs needed to be worked out. Hopefully there my be some kind of update to the device and or maybe the Alexa app to recognize when it should try to pair to echo auto and continue to be recognized.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited to try Amazon Auto as I had many other Echo Devices and are happy with them.  However, getting echo auto to work in a car is more difficult than I thought.  I had to speak to several reps and 2 hours later to get it to work.  Here are the troubles I ran into -1. When the instruction says to add Echo Auto, I was not sure whether whether Echo Auto is an Auto Accessories (don't know what it is).  Later I found out it's  part of the Echo family.2. No seeing the orange light when it's ready to pair.  I was looking at the wrong side of the Echo Auto so never so the orange light so I was un-plugging and pluggin it in over and over again.3. The instruction for working with aux input is confusing.  While speaking to rep on the call, she wasn't able to trouble shoot the problem as we were on call on my cell (which is the Alex App) and the Echo Auto was showing blue color as the phone is being used.Overall, I think Echo Auto installation can be made a bit more smoother as I have heard other customers also had similar issues.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I won't go into the details about the invite a year ago but only to say that having waited a long time and relying on Amazon's amazing use of technology, I'm somewhat disappointed with this launch. Firstly, the instructions are a level or two above the average user's knowledge of hi-tech. An example is the connection process.  It should spell out the fact that the Echo Auto FOAD Bluetooth is embedded in the Echo list in the app.Another problem is the common dropping of the connection from the automatic mode in the car. I've also tried to speed up the interaction between the unit and my verbal commands but it still lags. Finally, my connection only works when the car is in the Bluetooth connection screen. I'd recommend a fix that would allow he 'Alexa' command from anywhere (like 'OK Google' on Android phones). This would be a sure winner!On the positive side, when integrated Alexa responds well and the sound is very good. It's nice to have the ability to call upon any song to play (via Amazon Music). I'm still exploring the navigational integration which is iffy at the moment.My conclusion is that it's a good start and needs more work but as an old but eager techhie, I've played around with it and like it. However, I'm looking forward to Echo Auto 2. I'm sure Amazon will work out the kinks in the very near future. Should you buy it? I'd say yes...if you're patient and understand that the kinks are merely teething pains.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I guess i was expecting to be blown away.. its a cool item.. and if you have a bluetooth system in your car already its cool, but if you dont eh.  It connects to the phone.. and then to the AUX port.. which so far means i have to switch to the other 'setting' from the radio to use it .. which is fine  but my phone has to be attached to it for the wifi connection (dont use this if you pay for data or you may want to limit how much you use it or it will cost you a good bit for streaming)  it keeps dropping and attaching to my phone or something .. and when it does so beeps .. this happens about every 4-5 minutes .. im sure theres some setting i have to adjust ... It is cool.. but needs somethings1. Needs its own speaker ?2. its bluetooth.. so why do i have to plug it into my AUX port.. ?? my phone doesnt have to be plugged in..3. would be nice if it had memory card slot or something so i could sync it up at my house with podcasts/music and then play it in my car?  heck even if it would use the wifi at the house in my driveway and load what i wanted ...Its the 1st version.. its cool.. but still needs a few things to be really super functional in a car.. love having amazon music and or audible book.. but i can do that on my phone already.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have an older car with an AUX port and no other phone integration of any kind. So I figured this would be a helpful device. I don't regret purchasing it (but I'm glad I got it for a $25 beta price). It's not really hands free because half the time I'm searching for a playlist on the Amazon music app. But I do occasionally make requests that Alexa can accommodate like ""play 90s music"" or ""play Johnny Cash."" I do like being able to play games while I'm sitting in the car line waiting to pick up my son from school. My favorite being Song Quiz. I also like when I play a game on my phone (parked) like Pokemon Go, all my battle sounds from raiding can be played through the car's speakers lol.But it loses connection a lot. That's partly my cell phone carrier's problem. But it also doesn't connect automatically via bluetooth when I get in the car. I have to open my Alexa app and touch the ""i'm a passenger button"" before it will connect most of the time. Sometimes it gets confused and won't play my music even though the correct device has been chosen I have to turn it off (pull it out of the cigarette lighter) to restart it. When iOS had an update it completely stopped working for a day (but they sorted that out).I haven't used other devices or AI's so I don't have much to compare it to. I say it's a nice product but has its bugs."	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	At first I was super excited.  Set up was simple and it seemed to work great.  I was able to mount it where it is all but unnoticeable.  The problem is 97% or more of the time, it does not reconnect when I start the car.  The 3% or less of the time that it does reconnect automatically, I cannot touch, move, or breath on my phone between stopping and starting the car; AND the time between can't be more than like 7 minutes.  Even then it still isn't likely to reconnect.  So I usually end up having to open the app, unplug the devise, restart the phone, etc. etc. etc. until it finally connects--not very safe while trying to drive.  Very often I give up and move on to satellite or something else.That said, when it is up and running I really like the convenience of being able to control music and ask Alexa questions.  My only real complaint (when it's up and running), is relatively minor--you can't see the album art on your car stereo screen like you can when going directly through Pandora or other Apps.  (You can see the song info, just not the art.)  A couple of years ago that would have really bugged me, but now it just kinda bugs me.If you need effortless, stress free interface then this is definitely not for you.  Otherwise, I recommend it in the hopes that it will improve on these weaknesses, which seem to be in just about every review.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really liked this when it works, but troubleshooting is a pain. Every other time I end up not being able to connect, unsure if it's the device or my phone but it is annoying. I got it to listen to specific songs my baby likes so she'll sleep in the car. I spent an entire day trying to figure it out before I ended up reaching out to Amazon. I wish there were buttons with clearer instructions.	3	May 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I picked up the Amazon Auto Echo because it was such a great deal, so why not?  Everything about it is made nicely, and it does work quite well - but there are too many downsides.The biggest downside, is that it has no speaker.  So, the only way I can communicate with this (in my 2020 Honda Passport) - is to leave the entertainment system set to ""Bluetooth Audio"".  Can't listen to SiriusXM, or FM, it's Bluetooth audio, or nothing.Secondly, if I do leave it on Bluetooth audio, I can only draw music from Alexa's sources - even if I add the SiriusXM skill - now I have to stream the audio through my cell connection?  Waste of data!  If it could access my car's SiriusXM - that would be great - but it can't.So, sadly I've uninstalled the Auto Echo and it's in a drawer for now.  Not gonna return it - it was only $15.Hope they make some improvements but without a speaker, not sure how that could happen"	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First off, it's supposed to be a hands free device, voice activation for driving. Recent updates have heavily integrated it into the Alexa smartphone app. Let that sink in. The original ideal was to not use your phone while driving, now it's integrated with your phone. That narrative illustrates the direction this device went.It used to work just fine as a stand alone device, it connected to my phone souly for internet. Now it wants to use the phone as a display. It shows it right in the product picture now. The phone is more prominent then the device itself!Its buggy to no end, when I try to use voice activation, all I get is I'm trying to connect to your device right now, forcing me to use the in app Alexa button to open voice commands from my phone (bah-zing! What the heck do I need the device for of Alexa is now built into the app and has voice commands?) annoying because it defeats the intense purpose of voice commands by making you locate a tiny button in an obscure location on your phone screen while your driving (oh don't worry, the app so eloquently tells you you should never use your device while driving, yet its the only way it works anymore. Maddening) at which point, it's voice recognition is absolutely horrendous. I tell it to play a song and it waits for thirty seconds and says it couldnt find it and starts babbling on about random crap that nobody asked for. It's enfuriating to no end.It has become completely useless as it doesn't seem to want to be connected to my phone anymore, even though my phone recognizes it's connection to it. All voice commands result in ""trying to connect"". Further nausiating is the fact that since it is connected by Bluetooth, and in the garage, within range of my entire home, my phone stays connected to it at all times, even parked, and everytime I go into the Alexa app from my couch, I have to turn off driving mode, and subsequently read the asenine declaration to not use your phone while driving message, making the device not only useless while driving but a further distraction and useless complication on my life outside of the car.Wanted to like it, did like it, now it's ruined, now it's going in the trash from elevated frustration levels."	1	May 24, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A veces se comienza a escuchar mal y debo reiniciarlo. Tampoco soporta el mapa por lo que debo usar google maps	3	July 13, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATED REVIEWI may have been in a bad mood when I originally reviewed this product.I'm adding a couple of stars as I have it working but I'm still not entirely happy with the product.I thought it'd be nice to have Alexa in the car but it was simply out of tech-curiosity as I'm a fan of gadgets. It connected to bluetooth, passed tests, but would never respond to commands or even speak afterwards. This was confusing until I realized that you need to keep the Alexa app open on your mobile as well as pre-open Spotify if you want to use that as your default media source. Perhaps I was expecting too much from the device-- like the ability to open apps on the phone as needed. If you just use Amazon Music it works fine and then you just need to make sure the Alexa app is open.I had two days of being able to get into the car, open Alexa on my phone, and drive away giving it commands. On the third day the Amazon Echo said it had lost it's connection and I'm guessing I may need to pair the device again.So, it does work-- although you may find yourself having to take some time to get it working or make sure it's working each time you go on a drive.Aesthetically it's unimpressive-- it's functional-- I do like the way it connects to the stand though.I feel like a 2nd generation of this device could contain a lot of improvements.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I guess it’s telling (about the product and/or the expectations) when the annoyances are what you find yourself focusing on when writing a review.  So here we go . . . firstly, it really didn’t work at all in the vehicle I intended it for: a 2018 Ford F-150.  That truck already has CarPlay and Siri and Alexa were always fighting and Siri won because she’s built into that car.  Next I tried it in a 2008 Jeep Wrangler with no smart tech in it.  It works okay but (and this could be as much if not more the Jeep’s fault) the sound isn’t great through the auxiliary jack and getting the volume right is elusive.This device also has a very long Bluetooth range so that I can’t walk anywhere near the Jeep when I’m on the phone or it will pickup, with no warning or indication of any kind, and the person I’m on the call with can’t hear me.  Again this isn’t exactly a flaw in the product.Lastly you have to go all-in on this thing — and I have satellite radio and it’s very convenient to use.  So I haven’t really fully adopted the ideal usage pattern of all-in on Alexa Auto.I think the best case for this is very typical but not quite me: older car with no smarts and no satellite radio.  If you have that scenario then this device will likely be ideal for you.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me start this review by letting you know up front that the Amazon Echo Auto really can’t do anything that your smartphone “assistant” can’t already do.  The only thing that the Amazon Echo Auto raises the bar on is how well it hears what you’re saying.  At $49.99 I do not recommend wasting your money on it until Amazon further refines what it can do and make it something that isn’t just piggybacking on your phone.If you are interested in seeing a full video review of the Amazon Echo Auto you can go to my YouTube channel by searching Unbox Talks and finding my video on the Amazon Echo Auto.  You can also find plenty of other reviews for other products on Unbox Talks as well which will give you a finer look on video of may items.So now let’s get into some of the finer details of what my short, frustrating and very not useful experience I had with the Amazon Echo Auto.Alexa………….Alexa still needs a lot of work.  Let me preface by saying that Amazon Alexa is available as an app for your phone, Android or iPhone.  So in walks the Amazon Echo Auto, which is essentially an extension of your Amazon Alexa app, which you must have on your phone anyway to use the Amazon Echo Auto.  In my use of the Echo Auto, Alex seemed to have a hard time understanding some simple things I would ask such as playing a certain podcast or opening Google Maps.  On top of that if it somehow halfway understood what I was saying and got into some weird sub-mode of trying to give me what I asked for,  I would have to tell Alexa to “cancel” to get out of that sub-mode because it wasn’t really what I was asking for in the first place.  An example is to fast forward a podcast I was listening to and Alexa kept wanting me to state what number track I wanted to skip to even though I specifically stated an amount of time to fast forward.  Then I had to say cancel to get out of the mode Alexa was stuck in when it kept asking for a track number.  Also when you’re feeling feisty and fed up with some of the other digital assistants out there and you say some kind of smart remark back to them, they will usually respond somewhat intuitively, and sometimes even playfully but Alexa is a dud and gives you the standard “I’m a computer program response” with something along the lines of “I don’t understand”.  Amazon Alexa really has to have much more refinement and intuitive features for it to make the Amazon Echo Auto very useful.  That’s my biggest complaint about it at this point other than this being pointless other than having more wires and things to have to route and stick to your dash in your vehicle.	1	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a nice idea for those of us that are familiar with Alexa's talents. I start out asking Alexa if she could hear me once my car is started - most times she would tell me that she lost her connection. Ok, so i have to reconnect her by unlocking my phone. Sometimes that is all that was needed but sometimes i would have to open the Alexa app and tell it that I was a passenger in order to have her listen to me. That's all well and good if you do those things before you take off driving but it is not convenient if you didn't take the time to connect before driving. I have only had one experience where she disconnected when I was driving and it wasn't the time to to fix it so I changed my input.Improvement:  A better, faster connection without having to open an app (particularly when driving)Another issue is if my husband is listening to music at the house and I attempt to do so in the car, he gets disconnected. He reconnects and I get disconnected. Of course for a fee, you can have multiple connections but there are other mobile options I end up using instead.Improvement:  Music should always be allowed in the Mobile Alexa - period! Regardless of if someone is using it on an Echo device elsewhere. This is a competitive field here and you even can tell Alexa to play on another app. Why do I pay a monthly fee for music?	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Alexa dots that I have in my house, so I was excited about having Alexa in my car.  I've been kinda disappointed.  If I'm listening to my Prime radio/play list, it does well.  However I prefer to listen to my favorite station on iHeart Radio.  When I try listening to it with my Alexa in my car, it cuts out....a LOT.  It actually spends more time with dead air then actually playing.  Frustrating to say the least.  If I play it through my phone (not Alexa), still bluetooth, it plays just fine.  I do not understand why the issues when going through Alexa, and I do NOT have this issues with my dots in the house.  I got a great deal on it, which is the only reason I've kept it.  When speaking to it, I tend to have to yell.  I understand background noise, but goodness.  When talking on the phone, via bluetooth, I do not have this issue.  Yes, I have it as close to me as possible in my car.  If you get a great deal, I say go for it, but you've been warned.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Honestly I wanted this product to be amazing, I'm heavily invested in Amazon products and I wanted this to be an addition for my car, when I installed it and I figured out that you can't change the Wake word, I was a little disheartened but that didn't break the deal for me. What breaks the deal for me is that this thing barely ever picks up my voice, I find myself shouting at it more often than not which is very frustrating since I don't normally raise my voice. It has 8 microphones I don't understand why the sensitivity set so low. With the vent mount that it comes with it puts it right in the way of the AC which makes even more noise to confuse the microphones. So my first thought was to turn the AC basically off, and it still can't hear you. I checked to online to see if anyone else is having issues and everyone else is having the same exact issue, the thing can't hear you. You have to resort to macgyvering it somewhere else on your car that's closer to your face like the visor for it to even kind of work without shouting. (And I say kind of because it still doesn't work sometimes). it has a lot of potential and I really like the fact that you can set location-based routines, but I can already do that on my phone. this needs a firmware update to increase the sensitivity if not it's a paperweight that I'm going to be taking out of my car soon.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works great when iPhone has full strength cell signal.  Does not work as well when outside strong cell signal areas.	3	July 7, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Greetings, after waiting my requisite six +/- months for my Auto Echo lottery number to be drawn, I waited in great anticipation for my order to arrive!  I tore opened the package, grabbed my keys and headed out to my car to install my new 'state of the art' electronic gadget.  My life was good, I would now be able to ask Alexa how to spell chrysanthemum, while driving.  (Among other skills like the Animal Game, with my granddaughter)My anticipatory euphoria quickly evaporated, as I tried for over two hours, to connect my shiny new Auto Echo to my 2015 model car.  As you will read in other reviews, it will not install with conventional ""follow the directions"" wisdom, you will have to try various combinations of pressing source buttons on your car's electronics and Bluetooth pairings with your smart phone, in order to eventually get the unit to work.  Honestly, there HAS to be a better way to install/hook-up this unit, in a more reasonable amount of time.  Several times I was ready to call it quits and chuck the Auto Echo in the trash, but I do not give up easily and I was not going to let the unit's developers beat me!Basically, the Auto Echo is a wonderful idea and with Echos all over my home, I had great expectations for it in my car.  That said, the honeymoon is over.  I do not know the reason, but it repeatedly loses its connection with my iPhone 10's recently updated Alexa app.  Adding insult to injury, Alexa repeatedly says that she is ""Having trouble connecting to the network"" while I am driving, at least once or twice a day on my 30 minute commute each way.  (I now place my iPhone directly on the dashboard to try to help it stay connected)After 4-5 weeks of ownership, I now only use it to play Jeopardy and Song Quiz on my commute.  Even then I am usually holding the Auto Echo in my hand, speaking directly into it, so that Alexa will understand me.  Apparently she has trouble hearing me with the A/C fan blowing.  So, playing a game to kill time during my commute is no longer fun either, with the game sputtering and dropping.  (I live in South Florida, so it is not a cell tower issue!)My whole house is saturated with various versions of Amazon Echos controlling lights, fans and tvs, but my car is about to lose its Auto Echo and it will be tossed in the box of outdated, unused, misfit electronics.  Sadly, my Auto Echo's fifteen minutes of fame have expired!!  I tried to give it to my son, but he did not want it either!  Just reporting my personal trials and tribulations with my Auto Echo.  I wanted to like it, I tried really hard, but perhaps it is just ahead of its time!"	1	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've now had it for a day but I'm kind of wondering what's the point?I am charter user of Echo and Fire products, having bought and used many of them on announcement day including the original echo that I still use, several Echo dot's (My favorite to this point is my echo dot III. ), and Fire TV 4k stick and a Fire Cube. I have also owned several Kindles and Fire tablets but stopped when they went to cheap over performance.  So being a techno-junkie I went for the invite, was accepted and immediately ordered the Echo Auto.I connected through my iPhone 7 Plus and it seems to do what it is advertised but I'm beginning to wonder what is the point?  It does not connect directly to the cars audio system which my iPhone does automatically upon startup-instead it connects to my phone which must have the Alexa app loaded before the EA will workWith the Alexa app loaded I can do anything the EA can do directly just by pressing the speak icon then stating my request.  Then the Alexa app searched for the nearest gas station, plays my music, tells me the news from my chosen sources or any Alexa skills.  I have a dash mount for my phone already without ugly wires that need to be plugged into the cigarette lighter or my usb port.  Plus I can voice control with Siri and Google Maps as well.It's kind of an OK gadget but extraneous.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve been using this product for about a month. Setting it up was a bit confusing. I followed the instructions but it didn’t work the first time. I followed the instructions to start over and they didn’t work. When I went to the step where you open the app, all I had was a message that said “do not use while driving” and would not let me do anything. Even though I was parked in my driveway. So I gave up for the day. When leaving work the 2nd day, I asked it a question and it actually just worked! I don’t know what I did but perhaps it was set up before and I just couldn’t hear? I also had a hard time seeing the colors of the lights in the Florida sunlight.I think I found the culprit tho. Leaving work, I’m not connected to WiFi but leaving home I am, so I believe it has some issue with switching from WiFi. If I remember to turn WiFi off in my phone before getting in the car, it works fine. Hopefully they can fix this. Also,  I don’t always hear the voice initially or I hear the end of the sentence.I asked for directions to the closest Publix, which they are practically on each block where I live. It sent me to one 5 miles away when one was actually less then a mile away.So 3 stars because I think it needs some work yet. But it is great for playing music in the car!!	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not so good sirs works better.	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So far my experience is kind of mixed around echo auto. Here are my points:1. Connectivity between the device and my phone: from time to time it does disconnect from my phone for brief seconds and then quickly picks the connection back, but happens.2. I have found myself on more than one occasion having to yell at the actual device as it seems to not hear me, although it is placed according to the instructions on the box.3. Music integration/control. I mainly use YouTube music and my echo dot at hone has no problem controlling it, but echo auto just doesn't. Instead I use deezer instead but it appears to be a separated process meaning that if I open the app myself it won't control it unless is echo auto the one opening it.4. Alexa integration; sometimes I ask echo auto to turn my lights on at home (or any device I have connected to my Alexa environment) and it says ok like saying it's done but I find myself disappointed that it has not done it.5. Maps. I like the navigation option, what I do not like is that is either Google maps or Google maps to be used... I use waze and hope eventually an option to change the default map is enabled.I do like to have echo auto around for some reason, but I still believe few things can be improved and more skills should be enabled. I'm eager to also start receiving suggestions on things suggested based on echo auto mainly.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When it works, which is about 33% of the time I ask it something, on a good day, it works great. Most often I get ""sorry I'm having trouble connecting to the network right now, try again later"" this occurs while in my driveway in range of wifi, also while on rural roads, and also on top of high bridges, driving down broad street in Philadelphia and with a direct line of sight of 4+ cell towers with phone showing 5 bars of service. My carrier is Verizon, it's coupled to a 256 Gb IPhone 8S+ with unlimited service and I'm nowhere near my bandwidth cap. Its also fun while listening to Pandora, sometimes the music just stops and goes silent, then its a fight to get it to play anything until you're in a better service area (while phone shows 5 bars cellular and 3 bars of WiFi.Connection issues aside, Alexa has great difficulty making a call (which is main reason why I got it.) I'll ask it ""Alexa, call John Smith"" it beeps, then does nothing, I try again ""Alexa Call John Smith"" heard me this time, now it'll respond ""Do you want to call James Smythson?""  repeat repeat repeat... I created a shortcut in the Alexa App for my friend ""Michele"" Alexa can't understand that, wants to tell me about books by Shel Silverstein or whatever. When she finally understands I'm about ready to throw it out the window, it responds and badly mispronounces the last name for confirmation and makes the call. I've tried helping Alexa understand me clearer by turning off the AC/Heat and speaking loudly, slowly and clearly and moving the mounting location, it doesn't matter.  The Alexa Auto is mounted on the supplied vent clip, in the center of the vehicle, diagonally down to the right and less than 4' from my mouth if I had a ruler.  Perhaps this would work better in newer vehicles with quieter cabins, I'm driving a 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee.Criticism aside, I really hope they improve this over time and the negatives are just because it's so new...Update: Shortly after posting the above review, my Amazon Auto device lost connection to the Alexa Ap while I was driving home, giving me an error I’d never gotten before. Then moments later my phone rang and a amazon IT rep called to talk me through my technical issues. I wasn’t able to talk at the time they called, but mysteriously it’s working better now.Update 2: It stopped working better, back to not understanding anything I say, having trouble connecting to the network, not sure what you mean by that, or beeping and doing nothing. I didn’t have road rage before I got Alexa in the car, now I do. I hope it improves. Bonus feature, it also occasionally calls “friends” you’ve forgotten about when you ask it to call others, don’t be shy, say hello to your ex out of the blue just for kicks right?"	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"One of my biggest issues is that I cannot change the wake word for this device, and my daughter's name is Alexa, so every time I say my daughter's name (which is constantly), Echo Auto listens and responds.  It is so annoying, that I disconnect it often.  I am assuming (and hoping) that this changes very soon, and I will have the option of changing the wake word to Echo, like every other Alexa device we own.  The device is frequently offline, and I usually have to ask a question or say a command over and over again in different ways until it understands what I am saying.  It misunderstood the person's name I asked it to call, and ended up calling someone else, and it was really difficult to hang up (it took so long that the person answered--it was NOT someone I wanted to talk to and was pretty embarrassed by the situation).  It would be nice if I the Echo had a ""Cancel"" wake work so will automatically cancel whatever the Echo is doing when you say ""cancel"".  Having to say ""Alexa"", and then wait for it light up, then say ""cancel"" is too long.  I do like to listen to my books while I drive, so that aspect is better than my car's regular bluetooth.  All in all, I think the device is just OK.  I think I need more training to learn exactly which words I need to say to get the response I am looking for."	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Even though I rate the device highly in the three specific categories, I took it out of use within 3 weeks, for numerous reasons.(1) I didn’t like the physical integration with my Tacoma. The vent mount was an eyesore, although it seemed sturdy and secure. But it essentially took one vent out of operation. Con.(2) More wires in my truck. Even though it integrates well with my Bluetooth, it still requires the USB wire for power. That would be ok if it could be integrated somewhere other than up on the dash, with the USB wire running up to it. Con.(3) It chewed through my cellular data voraciously, listening to just a few podcasts. That theoretically wouldn’t be a problem for the perceived huge part of the US population who have unlimited cellular data and consume it like water. I’m unfortunately not in that demographic, so I ran through my data well before the rollover. And that included rollover from the previous month. Neutral, as this particular problem was probably just my problem. Although I haven’t had that issue with two streaming music providers, so...Content seemed to be ok. A ton of podcasts. Apparently Amazon music.  And voice integration seemed to be ok. I never got it set up enough to check out navigation. But overall, it didn’t provide anything that Siri doesn’t. And again, for me, it just chewed through too much data too quickly. It must have constantly been pulling data from the cellular network.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto was easy to set up. It functions like any home echo and allows me to drop in or make announcements on my other devices. The devices allows me to make a voice call from my phone, adds Bluetooth so I can play music via auxiliary cable in my older car.The echo cannot voice to text message from my iPhone.Half of my commands I get a network error and ask again immediately the same way and it works.I cannot use it to play music for an app unless it is already open.I have an iPhone and there is some functionality I would like to be able to change. You cannot customize the dashboard in the my Alexa app. You cannot change the default mapping software. You cannot make an echo auto widget. No internal battery means it cuts off at the gas station because my power turns off.Let me explain these.If I could customize the dashboard, I could make it easier to use the functions I want.I don’t like Apple Maps. I don’t want to use Apple Maps so I will not be using echo for directions.Lastly I could bypass both of these issues by using widgets to set up my own dashboard but I would like to have a few controls for the echo device on a widget too.Basically, there is limited functionality and no customization of the interface available. If you have an iPhone you might be better off finding a Siri enabled device, learning about widgets and programing a few Siri Shortcuts. The limited customization is a major draw back and lack of functionality is the other.I have mild regret for buying this device but I got it on a deal and the price was right. It was listed as 50$ full price and it is not worth that price.Edit: less than a month and it lost connection to my phone. When I reconnected it, it kept telling me to set it up. The Alexa app is telling me that it is connected and set up and the device just keeps saying that it needs to be set up. I am hopeful that Amazon will take this back without a box. Always keep your box.	1	July 9, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We purchased 4 of these when they went on sale Black Friday because we love our Alexa devices in our home and upon first installation things went great loved but when I got into my car the next time things didn’t go so great. It’s obviously the first car Alexa so the kinks still need to be worked out paid $15 a piece for these and at the price I think it’s a great steal totally worth it especially when the grab-babies are in the car the only reason I gave it 4 stars was I feel like the $50 regular price tag is to high. All in all you get the feel for it and figure out it’s limits so if you can grab it for the low price of $15 I say go for it.	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The idea of the product is wonderful. However, I have not had good results overall. The setup was not bad; pretty self-explanatory. However, I keep losing, or at times have a hard time gaining, bluetooth connectivity. The settings on my vehicle are good to go, so can only assume an issue with my phone, or Alexa For Auto.	3	May 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Para Ecuador, el servicio de Apple Music integrado con Alexa no está disponible, cosa que no esto de acuerdo ya que es el servicio de música que utilizo.Como segundo, Mi familia tiene cuenta en Spotify, por fortuna si está integrado con Alexa pero por desgracia con muchas limitaciones, por ejemplo, no puedes pedir o solicitar una canción en especifico, básicamente si quieres tener esta característica, tienes que pagar el Amazon Music Unlimited, cosa que no me parece tan accesible.	3	April 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I found set up to be fairly easy and its voice recognition is really good. Not perfect, but a big upgrade over using just my phone's ""Ok Google"".  It does have some problems though.1) Navigation is bad for anything small scale or local. If I want a big store or restaurant, no problem. Anything small scale or locale it doesn't know. Maybe if you live in one of the large US cities it would be better?2) Alexa and Amazon Music work as two separate apps. You'd think they would work together. So I need to use Amazon Music to do any playlist set ups. I try to tell the Echo Auto to create a station or playlist and it tells me it can't. If I start playing though Amazon Music after setting something up, then tell Alexa to change music, it doesn't want to work. Plus I find Amazon Music rather annoying for setting up playlists anyways. Is this how all Alexa products are? I honestly don't use them much.3) Music recommendations and playlists. It keeps recommending the same playlists with the same songs over and over and over. Not only that, but if you start a playlist while driving, pull into your location, and then come out and start the playlist again, it starts over. That top 100 most played playlist doesn't do much good when it repeats the exact same top 5 songs. I can tell it to turn on shuffle, but I still hear a lot of repeats so I don't know how well shuffle really works.4) Alexa won't go away. I usually use the Echo Auto for music on my way to work. I get to work, and I still have a notification for the music Alexa was playing, so I swipe it away... It comes back in a few minutes. Swipe away, repeat. Only way to get rid of the Alexa notification is restart my phone.Update: Jan 2020. Last time I sent an SMS Alexa informed me that SMS support was getting removed in I think March. That kills one of the big reasons to use the Echo Auto. I really liked how it both sent an Speech to Text SMS and added what you actually said as an audio file. Knocking a star off for this removal. I'll just go back to Android's built in OK Google functionality."	2	October 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After using the Echo Auto for a couple of weeks, I am struggling with whether or not I am going to continue to use the device.  I honestly don't know if it adds incremental value.  Do I really need to ask Alexa to play music from Spotify or Pandora for me when I can simply set it up before I hit the road?  I still need to go through the process of changing my radio setting to select bluetooth as the preferred source so i am not really saving any time.  is it worth the price of the Echo Auto for the novelty of being able to ask Alexa to play my music rather than doing it myself?  I am just not sure.  Beyond that, I am frustrated by the way I interact with Alexa through the Echo Auto.  I am accustomed to calling to Alexa and asking a question or making a request immediately.  With the Echo Auto, I need to wait for the device to respond to the callout to Alexa before i can make my request.  it is not a long delay - maybe 1-2 seconds - but it is not how I have been interacting with Alexa-enabed devices for the past few years.  I am still willing to give the Echo Auto a chance and I will continue to use it while i am on the road for longer distances as I may chance my tune but, right now, I am on the fence.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"We have the Echo Car since July 2019. I took it on a road trip from Kentucky to Colorado and thought it was a convenient time to have it. Echo car is a great tool as long as you have a good telephone signal. Otherwise, only the Bluetooth works. Sometimes, Alexa has trouble understanding what you ask and, even though there is a strong phone signal, it simply says it has trouble connecting to the phone. The phone connection shows that Echo is actually connected. Could it be a fault of my Samsung S9 Plus?Then, when I manipulate the Alexa app as a passenger (and I am the passenger) I try to switch the songs or find the song or album I want to play in playlist, it simply won't do that, while when at home, when I want to direct my Echo dot from my phone, it works. I assume this option is locked when the Echo Car is connected, for maybe safety issues, but definitely, there should be a better way to allow the passenger to control this, instead of asking Alexa ""play .... "" and then it will do nothing or will play something else.So, we are using now Audible and we can listen to the books without having connection issues, as well have the Amazon music app and through the Bluetooth, it plays the music.Honestly, I am not totally impressed. It just another device that could be certainly improved, but not worth to invest that amount of money for that."	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have older vehicles and wanted the hands free for music and calls. But I guess I didn’t learn the first time. This is the second purchase for the echo auto. Same issues with both of them it loses connectivity and it is a pain to get it to sync back again. I’ll get it to work and a month later it losses connection. And forget customer service to help get it back up. You need to be home next to a computer for them to help you out. It’s in echo auto so you are in your car when you have issues which means you are not usually at home.	2	August 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had often dreamed of having a voice assistant in the car, mostly to answer questions that arise, as I often use my home Amazon Alexa for doing.  I am finding this Alexa less useful and here is why:  I also pay for satellite radio because I enjoy much of the programming I can hear while driving.  But for my car's audio system I can either choose to listen to satellite radio at my figure tips OR choose to have this Alexa active because to use Alexa my car tuner must be tuned into Bluetooth and not satellite radio.So, if I only want to stream audio or play of my playlist, then I can tune into Alexa.  But if I want to listen to satellite programming, I cannot get help from Alexa.  I did not consider this before buying, not that it would have stopped me.  There are times when I don't listen to satellite radio and make use of my car's Alexa.  But even then, there is the issue of connecting Alexa to my phone's Bluetooth, sometimes fiddling with the Alexa app or Amazon Music app I use, and currently Alexa for the car seems determined to only play my daughters Alexa playlist and plays it whether I want it or not.Bottom line.  I am finding some wrinkles to this product, but I still use it and I am still happy to have it.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	OK, I own 9 other Amazon Echo’s and Echo Dots. I have some in every room of my home. I love the integration and the smart control of devices, like lights heaters etc. I have been using the Alexa app on my phone while being connected to my automobiles Bluetooth for a couple of months now. It works great. The “auto mode“ feature in the app makes it really easy to navigate. So when I saw this echo auto I assumed this would be like the echoes in my home where it’s completely hands-free. But this device is pointless because you still have to have the app open. In fact using the echo auto you have less freedom because you can only use things within the Alexa app. Whereas if you connect your phone directly to your car's Bluetooth, you can make calls, listen to YouTube, speak to Alexa, play Amazon prime music and more. But when you use the echo auto, you can only do things that integrate with Alexa. Therefore, not only is this device pointless it’s cumbersome, and gets in the way. No matter what you do you still have to have a USB wire running from the device down to your 12v cigarette lighter adapter. (Who wants the extra wires?) I certainly don’t. And if you accidentally close the Alexa app like I did, everything disconnects and it doesn’t work anymore. And if you’re driving, this becomes a dangerous situation trying to get the app back open. so in my conclusion, after unpacking the device setting it up and trying it just for a few moments I realized this was a waste of time and money. I’m returning it. Amazon missed the mark with this one. This would be an ok device if it worked independently without having to open the app each time. Oh, and the heater vent mount, very tacky. The last thing I want is a device hanging off my heater vents blocking the flow of air. Poor design. I am still a huge fan of all the other Alexa devices, but this one gets two thumbs way down.	1	November 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have the original echo tower and several later generations in different rooms. My elderly mother has one. My husband jokes that he moved down one ranking of wherehe is in my favorite people list after she first arrived. I use her every  day for many useful tasks (weather, news, traffic, intercom with kids in other rooms) and also fun tasks, as do my other family members. I was delighted to get the Alexa auto invitation and especially at such a great price. All that said, I was so disappointed that I had to send her back due to such slow, unreliable performance and poor design. For $24.99, I should have been telling everyone I know how great she was, as I do with the echo and dot. Instead she was an annoyance and a failure for us. Total shame.Pros: 1) Setup relatively simple. 2) when it worked well, it was nice to have especially forMusic/news  on demand 3) small, “cute” device 4) connected to my car’s Bluetooth simply and sound was great through the car’s speakers. 5) at invitational low price, I was sure it would be easily worth buying. Can’t believe I was so frustrated with the inconsistent functioning that I actually sent it back. Total shame.Cons: many cons. Here are a few:  1) Directions function (when it works) makes you touch a Short lived pop up message on phone to link to google maps. All while driving. Plus, it’s a slow process. Not helpful when I need directions. 2) connection is lost often and requires me to go to Alexa app and verify I’m a passenger to use it OR reboot to get it to connect or just try later n3) very slow response time relative to what we are used to at home with multiple echos for years now. 4) air vent clip is annoying and not helpful. Just put on dashboard or on center console. 5) not wireless. Requires cord to be connected to usb to work the list is long and others have said it all already.  I’m agreeing with the hope that it will be good someday. I wanted to love or even just like it. Sad to return.Please try again. I’d happily try again if it is radically improved.	2	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Good idea but missing a couple of key features to make this complete.1.  The cables that come with it should be L shaped so that the cables do not look horrible.  I bought L shaped cables and it makes a huge difference on how clean it looks in your car.2.  The built-in speaker is only used for setup and not for normal use.  I have to switch my receiver to bluetooth to hear the output.  If that's the case, why don't I just buy a bluetooth receiver and use my native phone.  I want to be able to listen to my built-in radio (which has SXM) and interact with the Echo without having to switch the input to bluetooth.#1 is fixable after-market but for $50, it should be included.  #2 needs to be fixed by Amazon and I would not buy this again unless this has been resolved.I paid $20 for it and I would not pay a penny more for what it's current capabilities are.  This thing does not do anything unique that my phone can not do so it's pretty much worthless without fixing the built-in speaker issue.	3	January 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Purchased two of these. One for my F150 and one for my Model X. The sleek design does allow you to hide the device in the center console and with the sensitivity of the mics, it works well even with the center console covers closed. The reaction time is equivocal to other Alexa devices, maybe 1-2 seconds longer. Connecting to your phone when you enter your car may take a bit so don’t expect it to be completely ready when you initially enter the car. It connects automatically to your phone so you don’t need to worry about turning on the app which is pretty smooth. The device does have shiny pretty LED lights like all Alexa devices and would potentially look pretty cool of you display it on the dashboard, however due to the chunk USB plug design it makes hiding the cord even with the mount a little hard and cosmetically displeasing if you’re mounting it so I opt to place it in the console. If a new model comes out, I would ask them to work on a better design on the bulky USB plug!12/16/19 Update:Had to remove one star. The device interferes with the Bluetooth hands free system in the Tesla Model X. Took the tech 4hs to finally isolate the source as we were trying to figure out why there was so much static on the receiving end when calling out from the X. Sorry Amazon, hopefully you guys can figure out an improvement.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is really cool in concept... Take your Alexa device and just put it in your car. I was ecstatic to be a Beta tester for this product and I really wanted to like it. Unfortunately, it fails on 2 basic user issues that have nothing to do with the efficacy of Alexa.1) It sucks your car battery like a life hog. I had 2 dead batteries the first week I used it. Both due to sitting in a parking lot waiting for my kids, but leaving the keys in the ignition. Plugging this in and unplugging it is a pain in my car, and I like to listen to music while waiting in park.2) It chews through cellular data even when you're not making demands of it. I doubled my data used in a month by piloting this in my car. At that rate, I'd rather just wait until I get there... Not double my cell bill.Those two things are enough that I've unplugged it and don't use it anymore. Wish it could have been more useful, but alas, it is not. I wish Amazon had thought through the user experience of the device better!Update 11/26/19:THEFT ATTRACTANTSo... I made the mistake of leaving the Echo Auto attached to my car vent even after I got frustrated with it draining my battery and sucking down data. I was secretly hoping Amazon would update the software to have it be less of a battery hog and more selective about how much data it used. But, alas, I will never find out. Apparently, having one of these devices attached to your dash, with all of its cords in visible sight, is a theft attractant. Last night it was stolen from my car in my driveway (never had anything stolen previously). Clearly it looked cooler than it actually is... So the joke is on the fool who took it.To Amazon's credit, they deactivated the device as soon as I contacted them (and got an audio tour of four departments as they weren't sure who was supposed to handle the issue). However, I'm disappointed I could not deactivate the device myself (and instead had to spend a half hour on the phone). Buyer beware that opening this device may encourage theft from your vehicle.	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve been using this for a few weeks now and have found it flaky. When you first get in the car, it will always tell you it lost the connection with your device. I’ve learned it takes a minute or two to connect after starting your car, so you have to pull out in silence and then start your music while driving. Often this works; other times you have to unplug the cable to kill power and plug it back in to resolve a connection issue.I like that it generally hears me well even closed in my console, beneath the cover. I don’t like the roll-of-the-dice responsiveness. It takes a second or two after the wake word before it plays the recognition sound, and doesn’t tell you when it doesn’t understand a command. Sometimes you hear another sound, sometimes you don’t, and since it sometimes takes several seconds to start playing a selection (much slower than other Echo devices—I have a Gen 1, a spot, and a Gen 3 Dot at home; it’s closest to the Dot, but a little slower), it’s hard to know if it is working on it or just missed the command.For now it’s a necessary evil for me, since I have a Model 3 and Tesla doesn’t have Car Play, making Audible / Pandora a pain. I got it at half price during the pre-release launch, and I’d say it’s worth it for that (same ballpark as a Dot) but would be severely disappointed had I paid full price.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When this thing works, I can't say enough good things about it. I have one in both my cars, a 2015 Explorer Limited and a 2003 Explorer XLT.  They both work well when either connected by blutooth in the newer car or by an auxiliary input and cassette adapter in the older Explorer. Easy to set up, but the main issue is that they seem to randomly lose their connections with the Alexa app, and I have to start all over again to set them up.  I have even had to uninstall, then reinstall the app on my phone several times. Because it seems to happen randomly, and it happens to both of them at the same time, I suspect updates are causing the issue. I'll knock on wood as I am writing this, because I haven't had to reinstall or reconnect for several weeks. If it weren't for these issues, I'd give these little gizmos 10 stars if I could! They do everything as advertised! I love my customized morning flash briefing and playing Jeopardy in the car.  I do have a bit of a beef with the support for these, however. I still have not found out how I can ANSWER an incoming call through Alexa. (not a problem with the new Explorer, which automatically reverts to Sync to handle the calls, but I am at a loss with the older car. Fix these connection glitches, get more user-friendly support, and Amazon has a real winner on its hands!	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that I can hands free get my music and audible books. It will not connect to my Bluetooth at all in my car. As a matter of fact, since I added it to my car, I can no longer use my Bluetooth car stereo because it will no longer connect to my phone or tablet. Very disappointed to say the least. I did everything uninstalled the app on my phone and reinstalled it, turned off Bluetooth on phone and turned back on. It will not show up on my car radio at all.I was able to add it with the auxiliary cord, but I have to re install on my phone every time I turn off my car and turn it back on or it will not recognize it all by itself. This can become an issue if you decide you want to use Alexa while driving on a long road trip.All in all, I am not quite satisfied with the device. I think it would be great if I could connect it to my Bluetooth car stereo instead of auxiliary cord.Ok the adapter that hooks on vent. It is way too big and blocks airflow. I live in Florida and I need my A/C. I just put the device in my car basket between the seats on floor, it just will not clip in any good places. I think it should come with a suction cup to add to window like the Garmins do.	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I can't figure out how to get it to stop interfering with the Alexa on my phone. Ugh	3	July 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Where to begin with Echo auto. I suppose some background first. I have 9 Echos throughout my house. Dots, the original Echo that looks like a tube, the first and second gen Echo show.  I love what the devices enable me to do with routines, voice commands, recipes, setting my thermostat, and the list keeps growing. I was so excited when I received an early Echo auto before it was available for retail. As soon as I opened it I immediately got out to my car and started hooking everything up.Then the frustration started.Get ready to repeatedly hear ""I'm sorry, echo auto lost connection with the alexa app...""  This is the most common reply I receive from my echo auto.  ""Alexa, what's the weather?"" ""Sorry, I lost connection..."" ""Alexa, I'm home (to start a routine)"" ""Sorry, I lost connection..."" ""Alexa, call 911 I'm dying"" ""Cool story, but I lost connection again...""  If you're not familiar with how to troubleshoot this problem, allow me to enlighten you. You can, and keep in mind this thing fails most often while you're driving, unplug the echo for 30 seconds, then plug it back in, kill the app in your phone, check your bluetooth settings, restart your phone, set your phone to airplane mode, or factory reset the echo and re-add it to your phone.  Infuriating.  None of this is possible while you're driving unless you have a passenger, and once I've reached my destination I no longer want to work on the echo and it's problems.Once you get it working the mic has trouble understanding what you're saying. I drive a 2014 CRV, so not luxury car quiet, but it's not loud either, and this echo misunderstands me often.  The road noise is enough on the freeway that I have to almost yell to get the echo to even have a chance at understanding.The next step on your journey of frustration, once those previous two hurdles have been overcome, is that the functionality is so limited you might as well just not bother.  ""Alexa, get me directions to a gas station near me."" ""Here are 5 gas stations near you. One, texaco on 27th is 1.2 miles away. Two, shell is 3.1 miles away..."" ""DIRECTIONS TO ONE!"" Beeep, no response and certainly no directions.Once you get this thing working you can ask for some basic information about your calendar, the weather, and to play music and audible.  With preset routines it's pretty nice.  Things like ""Alexa, get me home"" to start your music and set directions from where you are located are both nice, but the main problem is that the device is simply too inconsistent to ever rely on this functionality.Avoid this echo until the product manager at Amazon responsible for this echo get's the bugs worked out."	1	November 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I waited a long time for this. When I put in for an invite, I was sure this was going to be the next big thing for me. A few things to keep in mind….Connection-When she is connected, she is good. Like other reviews, it is true she does not always have a connection when you first start up and go. She will announce she has lost the connection if you summon her and that can be frustrating.Data-She is powered through your car and your data carrier. Fees will apply. I did notice an increase in my data usage this past month so I would warn those who are budget conscious, this may not be for you.Playing through the Bluetooth connection does not seem to be as clear as if I am playing my music from my actual phone. It almost seems distant in tone when Alexa plays music through the Bluetooth.Physical-While she is small, she is visible. She has accord that hangs out of her. The cord can be tucked away but it is still out. If you are worried about her being appealing to car thieves, I would change her location when leaving your car.Other than that, she is alright. It is fun to ask her questions while driving. But that is really about it. I wouldn’t suggest her to those who have even a little trouble with tech stuff. She will frustrate even the most tech savvy folks.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I think that it is a good idea to make Alexa available in the car.  As in the house, Alexa outperforms Siri for responsiveness and ease in getting my point across.This early implementation is a little buggy, and some features still need to be built out.  In terms of bugs, it never responds to the first voice command, for example.  Before asking it to do something that I need, the first command of the day is always lost, so I allow for that by asking for something innocuous.  I usually start by asking for the time of day.  This flushed out another bug: Although Alexa knew what city we are in and what time zone, it consistently reported the time as being two hours later than it really was.  Happily, that bug was fixed this week and it now reports the correct time.  I’ve asked it to listen to messages and send them, which it appears to do, but the messages are never delivered anywhere.I will say that my top use case works well.  I listen to podcasts while driving, and I want to be able to switch to music after a podcast completes without taking my eyes off the road.  At the end of a podcast, I ask Alexa to “play music that I like”, and it does so smoothly and consistently.  I am looking forward to interoperability with the iPhone to continue to be built out.	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've had this since pretty much it was released. It has no useful integration with apps or services I use. For example I can't place hands free calls using it because I use Google Voice. I can't launch my podcast or music app or start navigation in a navigation app. I can't even play/pause/next whatever is playing on my phone. I have yet to find anything useful it can do. I will say most the bugs that were there when it was first launched are worked out so it does work, I just can't find the value in having it and I only paid $15 on sale.	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to like this (I really like the multiple Alexa's I have in my home), but now that I've had it for a few months, I'm left disappointed. It took a while to get it to connect the first time, but finally got it to work. Most of the time, anyway. About every 5th time I get in the car, it refuses to connect or it indicates it is connected, but will not respond to verbal questions/commands. Sometimes turning it off, waiting a few seconds and turning it back on will get it to work, but often, I have to unplug it, wait a minute and plug it back in. It then connects right up and works flawlessly for the next several times. Every now and then, it will refuse to do anything except to repeat 3 times, ""to play music, connect via bluetooth,"" but bluetooth is on and connected and works for my phone and other blue-tooth-connected items. Again, have to turn Alexa off or unplug it to restart. When it works, it works great and I like it, but too often there are connection issues. My car is a top-of-the-line 2019 model which works great with other items connecting so it has nothing to do with the car. If I had it to do over, I'd just use Alexa on my smart-phone and save my money by not buying this. Maybe a 2nd or 3rd generation version will be better."	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I mostly bought this to help with hand-free music, among other things. Unfortunately, I am underwhelmed. It does hear you over music and it does do several of the classic Amazon apps, such as reminders, but it doesn't recognize some of the other apps - stating you need to add them on your Alexa app (again). It's not very useful when asking to search for places, it seems to only be able to tell you where the nearest gas station or grocery store is. Good luck asking for something specific, it wouldn't hear you correctly anyway.Additionally, the very long cord from the Alexa to a USB port is messy and isn't aesthetically pleasing. It comes with a little knob that 'holds' the cord to make it less manageable and less messy, however, it fell off about two-weeks in. As far as staying in your air vent, which I immediately hated because hot air coming out of the vent will surely degrade the device and will have to replace sooner (so if you buy, I strongly recommend buying an extended warranty/protection plan), I would say it's secure unless the slightest bump on it will dislodge it.What I will tell you is, I was planning on buying the Alexa Watch and the Alexa-enabled earbuds after ordering this, but I'm no longer going to buy, I'll wait for Google Assistant.As a side note, It's too bad we can't change the Alexa voice to personalize. Definitely not wowed.	3	December 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I use echos around my house - mostly for music and to control smart home elements like turning lights on and off - so was very excited when I received the Echo Auto as part of the pre-release trials.When it works - it works really well.  I love being able to say ""Alexa, play the latest episode of Pod Save America (or insert podcast name here)"".  It's also great for cueing up Audible.As others have mentioned, the iPhone is not the best paired device.  Navigation requires you to tap a notification, which if you have do not disturb while driving turned on defeats the purpose.  It's great for making calls, but it's frustrating that it does not support sending iMessages or texts - you can use a second hand skill from Mastermind to accomplish this, but would be better if I could do it natively through Alexa.Also - sometimes it just doesn't work.  Sometimes I have to repeat my request 5 or more times before it will respond.  that's not a background noise issue - often it works with volume at full blast and then won't work in complete silence.I hope that now that it is in general release Amazon will continue to approve and address some of these issues - especially for iPhone users.  I got mine pre-release for $25 - not sure if I would pay full price until these issues are worked out."	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received the echo auto as a gift, and I'm trying to figure out how to say something nice about it to the person that gave it to me.If you want to hear ""Alexa"", you need to be listening to the output of your phone (I have an iPhone 12) via bluetooth, or to the aux output of the echo auto, NOT to your car's radio.Well, I prefer listening to my car's radio, so I can quickly switch between channels on SiriusXM, depending on what I feel like listening to. I do NOT want to have to use the SiriusXM app on my phone, or to tell Alexa to change channels. I'm sorry, but I've been using those pushbuttons for quite some time and I'm not interested in relying on my PHONE for everything I listen to while driving.I was HOPING that the Alexa app, like some other apps on my phone, would be smart enough to override whatever I'm listening to, to let me hear what Alexa has to say whenever I summon her assistance, and then go back to what I was listening to. It happens with my security camera app...whenever I select the app to see/listen to a camera at home, the audio automatically overrides what I was listening to and comes through my phone's bluetooth connection to my car stereo. And then when I stop using that app, it returns to what I was listening to. Why can't the Alexa app do that???For now, I'm going to try using echo auto without hearing Alexa's responses. That may be a helpful improvement, so that I don't have to select a destination in my map program, as I'm hoping I can have Alexa do it for me. We will see....I was also thinking that if Alexa's voice could be heard from my phone's speaker, that would be just fine, because it's not like I need to hear exactly what she said, just that she acknowledged my request....but the super knowledgeable Amazon tech that I spoke to on the phone said that's not possible. Oh well.I may amend this review if the device's capabilities are improved in the future."	1	August 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First I thought this was gonna be a great solution with being able to use Amazon music within Apple CarPlay.. Since Apple deliberately blocks Amazon music from working wiper motor Apple Music product instead.Unfortunately after a few weeks of the Echo auto connected I noticed that this device was having ongoing network connectivity issues or simply would not play the music at all via Alexa echo auto what unfortunately left me no choice but to return this item afterwards.I would suggest Amazon Takes this echo auto device back to the designing stage again.  To improve Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity with seamless connectivity possibilities to prevent any data loss connectivity	2	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Update: one of the stupidest things I've ever bought on Amazon.  The useless thing has been sitting in my purse,  untouched,  since last summer.  I probably TRIED to use it maybe twice.  Save your money. Seriously- signed person who has (and uses daily)  3 echo shows, 2 echo dots,  multiple smart lights & plugs & printers,  etc...that are all connected to Alexa and I love all of them - but THIS?  This is useless & a waste of money. Don't do it.I had such high hopes for this but I find myself still doing everything myself. Like if I tell Alexa to ""open Spotify"" it will start playing a playlist but won't actually open the app. And phone calls. Wow. I'm not sure I'm going to keep this if I can't have phone conversations using it. Everytime I've tried to call someone, or they try to call me, they say that there's echoing and they can't hear me. Multiple people. And every time I've had to disconnect blue tooth & physically pick up my phone to talk. Kinda takes away from the whole ""hands free"" thing. I'm gonna try and figure out why these issues are happening but if I can't then I'm returning."	3	June 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Easy to install but auto connectivity is a pain sometimes. Sometimes Bluetooth shows EchoAuto connected but Alexa says unable to connect and in this case, the device never connects even though Alexa keeps saying ""still trying to connect and unable to make connection"" reiterative number of time. The only option is to disconnect manually and reopen the Alexa app manually. Even sometimes Alexa ask to restart app when it is safe to do so.2nd issue I saw is sometimes it says can't connect to Spotify and asks to restart the app. But whenever it's connected and the network is there, it works like a charm. Can control all smart devices of the home being in car. Although talking about network, this device completely relies on that and you can never expect a good network while traveling in the US. So basically it leaves device useless. I believe in such cases device should allow offline control to play offline saved songs from the mobile at least. Instead Alexa gives up and says the network is not connected.This device needs improvement to be real-life practical. Sadly, $50 is not worth the functionality !! But I am glad I got for $25 only via early pre-release invitation. Not bad to keep the smart devices in cars for cases when it's in perfect connection."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I think the idea is good but you have to have the right radio my car is older so it doesn’t sync up so I had to buy an adapter and now the sound quality is spotty, but I love that it hooks my kindle to my car and get my books online	3	May 10, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received an invitation to buy and try this item at a reduced cost and went for it.  I have mixed reviews on it.  I had a really difficult time getting it to connect via bluetooth and had to call the amazon hotline.  After a few dozen tries I did get it to connect but not thru the car entertainment system (speakers) just through the device itself.  I was told I would have to call a car dealership (I own a 2016 Ford) to see if they could assist!  Well I went after a few  trial & errors I finally got it to work through my speakers.......I did, as others, got the ""lost connection"" a few times and had to go through the set up procedures a few times after re-starting my car.  But I think I finally got it to work with only a one button on my entertainment system (bluetooth connection to my phone) each time.  It will not auto connect but I think Amazon will improve on this for the second version.  So after all of that I think it works pretty well albeit I do not use it for navigation.  The best think about this is that I can play my music on it and do not have to worry about finding local stations when traveling.....that is huge to me!!!  Overall I think it is worth it but would wait until a second versions comes out!!"	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have not set it up yet. Too hard to set up.	3	July 10, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First off, this thing WILL NOT open apps on your phone. if your thinking it will like I did, then know that it doesn't. I thought I would be able to tell it to open my favorite podcast app and play a podcast, but found out it doesn't work like that. Unless there is a skill for the app in the Alexa app then your stuck using Amazon music, Spotify, Apple Music or a few others. Even if there is a skill for an app you like then there's the problem of whether that skill works good. Also, if you want to listen to music that is on your phone then forget it, because I haven't found a way to. But if you don't mine streaming everything then it works great with Amazon music and the other streaming services I mentioned, just hope you have an unlimited data plan. (So basically I have to pay Amazon for they're music streaming service and use my data to listen to music that I already own and have on my phone because I can't tell Alexa to play the music from my phone. Another problem with Alexa Auto is it wants to keep your phone's screen on at all times with Alexa app opened. God forbid you turn off the screen because the Alexa Auto may not respond. It'll stay connected to Bluetooth and your music/podcast will continue to play but you may get a message from Alexa saying she lost connection to your phone when you ask her to do something. Another thing, when you ask her to navigate somewhere, she will bring up your maps app but then lose connect to your phone because the map app takes over your screen. So I would not recommend buying this. Just glad I got it on sale and didn't pay full price.	2	November 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really wanted to use this. Dozens of times I had the impulse to ask something to Alexa while I was in my car and when I saw the product I thought ""I got to have this"". Setup is quite easy, indeed I set it up at home connecting it to a power bank.However, when I started using it in the car I experienced a lot fo problems. I realized that I had to use the iPhone as the audio mode to actually listen what Alexa is answering, which I hate. For example, I can listen to the radio or music from a USB and use Waze on the phone and every instruction stops the music for a while, says it on the speakers and then the music continues automatically. With Alexa it is nothing like that. I have to choose between not listening anything at all but changing the audio mode of the car to iPhone or listen something from the phone like Deezer, Spotify or something to be able to listen what Alexa has to say. Also, from time to time, Alexa stops the music, says whatever has to say and I have to press play in the car or in the phone to let the music continue.Also, the 6 microphones system is useless. I almost have to yell at her to wake her up even without any music playing. The connection is very poor, a lot of times I hear the message saying that Alexa had problems to connect to the Internet.Finally, I hate that I can't change the language of the Echo Auto only. I can change the language of the other devices but if I want to use Echo Auto in Spanish I have to change the language of the Alexa App and the only way to do this is by changing the IOS language, which I hate. Yep, it's weird but I need to use Alexa in Spanish and IOS in English, that's how I like it.Bottom line, Echo Auto is a great idea but there's a lot of things to fix in order to have in the car the same results that I have at home, which makes me stay away from the ring and the frames."	2	November 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My device broke open after only 1 month 😭 it still works	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Voice texting will no longer be supported come March 2020? Why did I buy it then? To have a glorified mp3 player?! I stopped using Google Assitant/Android auto because it did not ""play nice"" with echo auto. When I switched, I lost the ability to have navigation show up on my car screen. I dealt with that so I could have the voice call & text along with my music. If I continued using Android Auto I would have to ask ""Alexa"" 3 to 5 times to play a song. Now voice text will no longer be supported unless others in my contacts are signed up for Alexa communications? There was a time when tech companies were innovators. They would get you to buy their stuff because it was great gear, now it seems you are forcing the end user and anyone connected to them to use your ""service"" or else. Bad move. May have to unregister my devices and sale them on FB Marketplace or Craigslist. Very bad customer service Amazon. Update: just received a call from customer service and the gentleman was very pleasant. He seemed genuinely concerned about the complaints I have about the device. He stated that the lack of support for SMS was supposedly only for other devices and hopefully was going to stay active on the echo Auto. He told me that his department is in contact with the Department that handles that portion of things and they are trying to resolve the issue, or at least get a definitive on what the final outcome will be. All in all I do enjoy the device and its capabilities. I will say that I still have reservations due to its inability to display my map on screen in my vehicle. I hope they get the SMS issue resolved. Because I do enjoy using my echo Auto, I do like it more so than Google Assistant.Update 3/2/2021:SMS was working for a while now suddenly it tells me to enable it. That has already been done. Now all the directions to reenable it don't work. Voice recognition ia also getting worse. AI has taken acomplete dump. Now back to having a glorified mp3 player that is when she understands what song I am asking for. Update 3/20/2021: well it the SMS started working again about a week after I posted my last update to my review and then it stopped working again asking me to enable it and then it works again now today. This platform seems to be getting worse and worse very unstable and it doesn't respond remotely like it should or like a used to I'm attaching a video of me trying to send an SMS, I didn't start recording until after 6 unsuccessful attempst to send an SMS."	1	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i got it at the invite price, it is ok and helps but also frustrates! i have to shout at it if my windows are down just a little or if the volume is at a medium range ( have the same issue with the amazon spot if i have the volume past 6 i have to yell at it! im sure my neighbors think im crazy by now! lol) , when you ask it to call someone it repeats and ask you again to confirm the person , im not sure there is a way to turn this off but i get very annoying after a while because half the time it doesn't hear your confirmation, because of this it is easier just to dial from my steering wheel, when you ask it for directions it finds it and opens goggle maps but it doesn't start the directions  i have to pickup the phone and start it myself and i find the Bluetooth is bad sometimes , it will cut in and out between my phone and my radio , i thought it was my phone but when i unplug the auto the radio and phone stream with no issues. as i said i like it but is is far from perfect it is worth the 25 ( although i wanted to chuck it out the window a few times out of frustration lol) i paid but i don't think i would pay 50 for it.revised 10/9it continues to have connectivity issues , and when it is connected it sometimes does not work! example when making calls it will as usual ask me to confirm who im calling? and i will and it will say it is connecting but instead of placing call it will cancel and go back to playing music! extremely frustrating! if i could return it still i would but i think i have already had it to long! anyways i got it for the 25.00 price so i guess im not out to much,  but if you are thinking about buying it at the 50 dollar price i would say dont do it! until to update it  or do a new version entirely.final update 1/22/20after getting a new phone (oneplus 7pro) i tried to connect it, and it will, but it doesn't stay connected! i have had to reinstall every time i have tried to use it my car! so i finally threw it out the window! J/K i actually gave it to my brother since i cant return it! i thought about selling it on offer up but decided i cant pawn this off on anyone else ,without guilt,for money , therefore i gave it to my brother for free! if he gets frustrated by it at least he cant complain about paying anything for it at least! lol	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	“Sorry, can’t play music right now”. Could never get it to play, regardless of what music platform. Also, if you need a phone for this, and if it’s plugged in, Siri will do everything and likely more. Kind of a pointless product.	2	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have become addicted to my Echo units at home, so why not have one in the car? It works well when it connects and sounds good. At first I always had to fiddle with it to get it and my phone to connect; lately that seems to work a lot better. I only have three quibbles that make this 3 stars instead of 5:1) It mounts on the AC vent. Must everything want to mount on the AC vents? That's just ugly, and I like being able to use my vents for what they were intended. A visor clip and 7/16"" ball mount would be an improvement.2) You have to open the Alexa app and go to Alexa to enable. That's more steps that I'd like, especially if I forgot to start it up before driving. There ought to be a more automatic way.3) It plays music from in the Alexa app and not the Amazon music app. The only manual music controls I've found so far (iOS) are on the phone's standby screen; no playlist view. Why if I ask you to play me a playlist from my Amazon Music library do you play songs in the Alexa app instead of the Amazon Music app where I'd have full control?Lot's of possibility here. Let's hope the Amazon dev team reads the reviews."	3	March 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The reviews I have read were almost uniformly bad and, to tell you the truth, I don't believe the Echo Auto is worth $60 -- why not just use your smartphone to do the same things? For $20, the price of movie and treats (when we could go the movies), why not? In my case, the car does not let me talk to my phone. One of these customer ownership things, I think. You're in car, you have to talk to Ford. Like the sea gulls in Find Nemo: Mine! Mine! Mine! At least with Echo Auto I can talk to Alexa hands free.The integration with Waze works, but is a bit clunky. Each time Alexa natters on about notification settings before launching Waze, which works. You can also ask for a destination by name. Nice.I use the music part to play audiobooks from Audible. That works, too.Getting connected via Bluetooth is hit or miss, but I believe that is either my car or the flaky Bluetooth standard.My conclusion: Don't pay list for this, but at a deep discount, give it a whirl.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In all honesty I just don't see the point. My car has a stereo with bluetooth. I thought the echo auto would be easier so I could change the song or make phone calls without having to wait for a red light or glance away from the road. I had high hopes and was really optimistic, but this just didn't do it for me.First, there are a lot of cords. With all of the smart plugs and such, I thought it would be bluetooth connected and not making my dashboard look crowded.Second, it took forever to get set up and connected, and even when connected half of the time it still wouldn't work. There would be a connection problem or it wouldn't register my voice. I was a little disappointed that I couldn't speak texts as I can do that using the bluetooth in my not-new car.To conclude, I feel like I wasted a good $25, and I'm in college so that's good money to me. I haven't used my echo auto in over a month; it's just easier and less problematic using my car's bluetooth and music. I like alexa, I have a dot and smart outlet plugs, but this was a waste. I'd get a refund if I could honestly. I don't like giving low ratings and I'm sure people worked really hard on this, and as a prototype it's not bad, it just needs work before a general release.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"There must have been a contest at Amazon for different teams to develop Alexa gadgets. Then the  ""Alexa Auto"" team must have gone golfing until the day before it was due and this is the result.  The vent mount is literal garbage and cost $10…really? I sent it back. It is made of thin plastic and is a poor design in general (clearly the minimal amount of effort put into it).I don’t get the 3’ power cord and I don’t get why it had to stick out the side…apparently the electronics industry has not developed any better plug, like a 90 degree  or maybe even a 180 (oh, wait..they have).  I have a fairly new car with bluetooth and it has serious struggles staying connected.  I’m not clear on why, but the connectivity has improved since I first setting it up.  I’m hoping that the ignorant notification tones will soon be stopped with a firmware update, as I don’t need all the notification chimes while sitting in my car…just do as I ask and that will be the notification.The full price is laugh out loud ridiculous,  I felt the special invite price of $15 was a little bit of a stretch for what it actually does, can’t imagine even considering the full price. For $50 it should change my stereo to bluetooth on voice command, the name of the song playing should be displayed on my LCD instead of “iPhone”, it should be made of milled aluminum or pressed metal, a more appropriate power port location with a more appropriate length cord and a sticky vinyl pad to stick it to the dash without adhesive.It is very underwhelming product, but it does allow me to play my $8 a month Amazon music (also too expensive) in my car and voice skip songs or play specific songs on request and it does give me better access to my smart lights when I get home at night.. I spent $12 on a low profile cigarette charger USB plug and $9 on a 6” 90 degree power cable then mounted it just under the CD slot and the cord almost disappears."	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this to ease communication with my devices at home (Drop in function) for talking to people, ease of playback for my audible books, and generally for ease of making a list because I always think of something to add in the car and forget what that was when I get home.I’m not in love with the fact that the Alexa app on my phone has to be open all the time.  Can’t there be a way to connect to my phone/phone’s data without opening the app?  It’s a bit annoying since I have to accept an app opening request from my car every time I start the car too.While I love the idea of Alexa Auto, and it could be so much better than it is, right now it is more trouble than it’s worth some days.  Make it easier in the everyday quick trips sense for those of us that have a need to clear all apps we aren’t actively using.  It could be so wonderful and great help, but right now it’s just a bit lacking in what is promises.  I am keeping it hooked up and dealing with the annoyances in the hopes that soon the phone, app, or car updates will resolve my complaints.I’ve got the Auto hooked to an iPhone XR in a 2017 Toyota Highlander.  If that helps.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Oof. This product, as it shipped in its first iteration, is a hot mess. I have a  Samsung Galaxy S7 and a 2017 Chevy Cruze LT. I use Alexa all the time at home and frequently make Bluetooth phone calls in the car already, but because for whatever reason my S7 does not have Bluetooth capability for media (only calls), I had to listen to Audible and my streaming services in my car via the auxillary jack. This is annoying, to say the least, especially when there's a passenger. I was really hoping the Echo Auto would at least be some improvement over this. I was sadly very wrong.First, as others have noted, connection to ANY phone (I've tried it with a more recent iPhone as well as my older phone) is spotty at best. Alexa can take minutes to connect to your phone's app, and does not notify you in any way that she's connected - if she connects at all. The only hands-free way to find out is to verbally say ""Alexa"" over and over and see if she listens or if she just tells you again she's not connected. By then you're on the road already and can't easily fix whatever her problem is or plug in alternatives.Secondly, navigation doesn't work. It just doesn't.Third, if you already stream a lot of media from your phone in your car, I'm not sure this is going to do anything your phone didn't already do. The only thing I found it useful for was hands-free launching of Pandora, Spotify and Audible - when it connected at all.  Honestly most days it's just easier to not even bother with the hassle and just launch whatever I want to listen to from my phone. I have hands-free bluetooth calling already via a button on my steering wheel - no messy cords or third device needed.The cords are a real pain. Since it needs a power cord to your USB port AND an auxiliary cable, my front passenger seat is a mess. The cord that Echo Auto comes with is too short to reach from my vent to my car's only USB port in the arm rest without constantly getting knocked off or disconnected by way of somebody's knee or elbow. I had to buy a new USB cord so now I have 2 lovely cords just dangling in the passenger side for something that barely works.Other stuff that doesn't work very well: adding things to calendars, setting timers or countdowns (useful on road trips for ""we'll pull over and have lunch in half an hour"" moments, for example).I know it's the first batch, but this seems really rushed and bare bones. It doesn't need minor fixes and improvements - it's just not very useful to anyone as-is."	1	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If your cellphone cannot be used as hotspot like some corporate supplied phones, this is not for you. I tried this out and shared it with friend. Neither one of us found it useful. His android phone had to be set for this app to not auto shut it off after a period of inactivity.  Otherwise, the connection to Alexa would drop. Both of us preferred a visual map on a mounted cellphone where a quick glance could tell you how soon before you had to make a turn vs Alexa giving you directions. Think “Turn right in 800 feet” vs a glance at a phone map and you realize you should turn right after passing one street.The connection was easy though and Pandora worked fine. I didn’t try the routines such as “Tell me a joke” or “Look up recipe for potato salad” or other junk I don’t care about.The thing required 2 annoying wires, a USB and a AUX IN (if the car stereo is not a native Bluetooth). Would have been slick if you could charge this thing and only have a wire to charge it occasionally.This was purchased to use in an old car as something helpful. I will stick to the Bluetooth stereo I already purchased (with phone connectivity) and stick this back in the box it came in. One day my heirs will find it in the garage and it will give them a chuckle.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am a big fan of Amazon and the products they generally put out. I have Amazon Basics all over the house and I love the Echo lineup. I have a Gen 1 Echo in the kitchen (purchased it when it came out) and multiple dots. I have had 7 or 8 Kindles over the years. I use Amazon Music and Prime for years. In general, I love Alexa and think it's the best voice assistant out there. This product sounded great. You mean, I can just use Alexa in my car?? In my brain, I have an image of how that would look, but even simple tasks like, ""Alexa, play *****"", ""Alexa, add milk to my grocery list"", ""Alexa, how do I get to 123 Sesame St?""Pros:-Zero**Indicates that at some point I was able to connect and have success with pairing and listening to music for one single car ride.Cons:- Wire central! This thing is just a rats nest. It's just a clunky product that would need a lot of work to hide wires in most cars. This could be an issue if you're under warranty and don't want to start pulling apart car trip to install cleanly.- Could never connect again after the initial setup. Even if it could, the slow timeframe it would take to connect would make quick car trips a hassle.- Unless someone else has figured a way around it, it requires my phone screen to be open and unlocked, along with the Alexa app to be running, in order to connect properly? There HAS to be a better way. This means that not only do I need to hook it up and run the wires, but I need to have my phone charging and open at the same time? More lights and more power being used up. Also, if that's the case, I can just use Alexa on my phone if the app is open anyway, and thus making this Echo Auto completely obsolete.- Came with vent mount that is cheap and doesn't work on my vents or my wife's at all. Since this piece is also the side of a phone, it's not a small thing we're mounting here. I'd recommend a different kind of mount.Overall, this thing just doesn't work. I WANT it to, but it doesn't. It seems I'm not alone. I want to return it, but I am too busy to wrap it all up and find a way to ship it back. Plus, I worry that some other sucker will end up buying it as an open box item. I purchased at half price during the pre-launch. I haven't heard of it getting any better since then."	1	January 2, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Disappointed. I have several Echo devices so felt like I could feel safe in ordering the Echo Auto. When I first hooked it up it took a little figuring out to get it to work and I did. Now it works off & on. When it works, it is awesome. Just like home I can tell Alex to play music I like and it is the music I listen to at home. I haven’t had much luck with adding to a list or asking what is on my calendar though. The sound, when it works, is very impressive; Alexa’s voice is clear and loud even over road noise. I have a soft voice so I was concerned with my voice being heard clearly but doesn’t appear to be a problem at all. Yesterday I could not get Echo Auto to work. I could see the light, but never got any type of voice response, that was a first other than when I was first hooking it up. I know that some companies when they have a new device or software, the first release can be like you are a beta tester, don’t know if that is true but it is troublesome when you learn to trust products only to be disappointed when you learn the quality isn’t there yet. Wish I had waited when the bug fixes were less and my Echo Auto works as well as all my other Echo devices.	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Okay, Here's a device that I did not buy for myself, I received it as a gift. I really wasn't going to spend my own money, as I didn't think it was much more than having Alexa on my phone, and I was pretty much right. Except...Voice recognition on the device is far better than on my Samsung Note 9. That's a plus.Audio quality is worse than my phone. For whatever reason, the low end distorts at higher volumes, but doesn't exist at lower volumes, so you have to find a sweet spot you will usually listen at.Alexa integration...I think this is pretty much the same as having Alexa on your phone, so no benefit. But, since the Auto uses Alexa from your phone data, it's always syncing with your phone, draining the battery and your data plan, so there is that negative.The provided mount is intended to go on your air vents, sorry, but I like my vents unobstructed and able to be adjusted, why not provide something multi-purpose? Yes, you can buy other options, but I don't think air vent clips should be the included option. Combine this with the cable connections that aren't quick releasing magnetics, you will probably leave your Auto in plain sight of those kindly folks who window peek for easy smash and grabs, leaving you with better odds of a smash and grab that will cost you more in repairs than the 49.99 the Auto is worth.Get ready for cable clutter. If you have bluetooth sync, great, you don't need to use the aux cable. My current car does not have bluetooth for aux audio, so I get to use the cable. Then the USB power cord. These both come from two different locations in my vehicle, so yay, spider cables. Add to that your phone charger so your phone battery doesn't drain with the always syncing Alexa app, 3 cables cluttering the console.Amazon has made it seem like something to ease more integration into your life, but really, it's just a poorly thought out clutter bug that adds more hassle than it should.	2	January 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve been using Alexa devices since they were released. I still use the original Echo and Echo Tap all the time. I also have the Spot and 7 Dots(original and new generation). The echo auto reminds me of the original devices with it’s difficulty connecting to devices. Amazon has done a great job simplifying this process tremendously on newer echo devices for home. But the Echo Auto reminds me somewhat of the more difficult process they used to involve, except that it loses its connection easier than those first gen. devices did. I’ve only been able to use it about 60% of the time that I’ve had it because it loses connection and refuses to reconnect regardless of how many times I try. (And through the years and many devices I’ve gotten very good at troubleshooting echos).When it is working it’s a little slow to respond but it’s very handy. If not for the connection issues I’d be happy with it for the most part. Although it is disappointing that when my drive ends and I put in headphones and get out of the car I can’t continue the song from my phone. For some reason the Echo Auto streams from the phone but the Alexa app can’t continue the same audio that was being streamed.I have no doubt that the issues will be improved just like the issues with their original devices but for now I can’t recommend buying it.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Pros: I got mine as an introductory for $25. Instructions said it would probably not work with my Android Auto, but it does work with it. Super easy to set up. Just the fact that I can add grocery or to do items to my Alexa lists while I'm driving is worth the money. I'm always in the car when i think of things to add. Just today I took a road trip and was able to listen to my Prime music and get directions at the same time. It told me of upcoming accidents/vehicles on side of road and police speed traps. Several times it will say where and when to turn with names/numbers of roads/highways. It hears and recognizes my voice always.Cons: You have to make sure it is working before you get on the road. Sometimes it will not connect to the phone. Once connected you have to make sure the phone volume is turned up or you can't hear it (turning the volume on your radio will adjust it later). And I wish that the navigation was viewable on my cars display screen.More cons: It hardly wants to ""connect"" to my phone.  Still great when it works.I'm sorry some people seem to have trouble with it."	3	June 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First: Absolutely what I needed in my 2008 Prius since I have don't have Android Auto or Apple Carplay. The ability to perform tasks without having to take my eyes off the road is all by itself worth the price of admission.Pros: (1) Does not need to be dash mounted to hear and respond to my voice. (2) Good fidelity in my car's stereo system. (3) Does not eat too much of my data plan even when playing music all day.Cons: (1) Does not recognize my Samsung S8 as a compatible device for reading and writing SMS text messages even though the website says it can. (2) In my car at least, Echo Auto conflicts with and disables the bluetooth connection to my cell phone even though Alexa/Alexa Auto is disabled for making calls. Happens irregularly and about 50% of the time. (3) Alexa app on my phone regularly loses connectivity with the internet while in use. Usually have to recycle the phone to wake it back up which is a pain to do while driving.Bottom line is the service is wonderful if you need it, but is creaky in the implementation. My hope is these are early adopter bugs and the platform will strengthen as they work out the bugs.  I say get it if you need the capability and work with Amazon to improve the product rather than wait and miss out on the good part.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was very excited to get this device and I was looking forward to being able to do things in my car that I wasn't able to do before. I have Bluetooth in my car, but it is old enough that I still have to use my phone to initiate calls or set up music. We have Amazon Music Unlimited, so I was eager to tell Alexa what I wanted to hear and have her play it. I was looking forward to instructing her to call someone, and not having to get my phone out. However, this isn't what has happened. Unfortunately, she drops connection frequently, she doesn't understand me half the time (despite my speaking very clearly and loudly), she plays the wrong thing, she can't figure out who ""Mom"" is (even though that is how she is listed in my phone's address book)... lots of little problems that make her frustrating to use. If I just pull out my phone and say, ""Hey, Siri...,"" then I get what I need without the crap shoot. I was really hoping for more, so this was rather disappointing. I am hopeful that there will be an update at some point that will make this Echo more user-friendly, but in the meantime, it is a source of frustration.Also, the vent clip is rather large and not very useful. I don't use it.Update: I was able to fix the ""Mom"" issue by allowing the Alexa app to access my contacts, so I can sometimes call my mom, now. However, it is still more trouble than it is worth. If I wasn't past my return window, this device would be going back. When it works, it is lovely, but when it doesn't work, it is a huge source of frustration. The other day, I asked it to play a song my kids requested. The song that started to play was questionable, so I tried to get it to stop. I said, ""Alexa, STOP,"" several times, and the song kept playing. I pushed pause on my phone, but it kept playing. I had to turn my radio off to get it to stop, which meant I couldn't play anything else either. Very, very frustrating! Not worth the headache."	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First, this is like any of the other echo product in that it connects pretty seamlessly and operates like all my other Echo products. I can easily move it between cars and it gets itself going without any issue. One car is Bluetooth the other is wired, more about that later. So the good is that it works.The problem is that I feel as though this was a hurried release and wasn’t completely thought through. The vent mount works but it is sort of half baked. As soon as you attach something to a vent it looses its adjustments and is now being blocked. I was able to mount it in one car without the vent using one of those anti slip pads and because it is blue tooth that installation is a hell of a lot cleaner than the wired.  A Velcro system would be better. car number two has to use the vent mount and the aux cord has to go from the dash to the center console it is really sloppy and the aux cord is far to short. And ends up stretching to get home.The thing is this. I feel like this should be battery powered, able to charge like a phone with a little more attention given to getting it all just right. A longer aux cord should be standard.In the end I feel as though If Jeff had tried this he would not have let it go to production.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I absolutely LOVE my Echo products in my home. They've made life exactly how my 10-year-old self imagined life in the 21st century would be: I can ask Alexa what foods and plants are toxic to my animals, convert measurements, play music in every room, turn on lights, etc., etc. Why I thought adding Echo Auto to my 2019 vehicle was a good idea, I have no clue. I guess I was so blinded by its usefulness around the home that I wanted to take that convenience with me everywhere.But I didn't stop to think... I already have the Alexa app on my phone and bluetooth in my car. There is absolutely no need for an additional product to do what my phone and car already do. Not only that, but Echo Auto is technologically cumbersome. I had to yell commands even though the device was literally right in front of me (I drive a Honda Fit, so it's not a huge car). After I started using the Echo, my car quit recognizing voice commands; I had to turn off the device and re-record names to their corresponding phone numbers. When I did make a call through the Echo, the sound quality was so horrible that I had to turn up my speakers nearly full volume. Another thing that I just found really annoying was that I had to re-start the app every single time I got in my car. When I just connect through bluetooth, I don't have to do that. To summarize, there is just really no point at all in having this device in a newer model car.For now, I'm going to give my Echo Auto to my daughter who has an older car with no bluetooth. As long as you have a smart phone that can connect to the device, that is the only situation where I see this product could be useful in any way. Hopefully it will work in her older car, but I guess we'll see. If not, I just wasted my money on something that I've since unplugged and thrown in my glove box. (Oh, yeah - I've not even touched on the cords.) I love your Echo devices, Amazon, but this one is truly pointless.	2	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Looses connection bt	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this hoping it would be an easier way to communicate through the other echo devices in our house while I’m driving as the app is super unsafe to use while you’re driving and the echos are sometimes the only way to get ahold of people in the house. This does not do that and I have no clue what use any of the features it does have would be to anyone with a smartphone. My phone already does everything this device does. The mount is also clunky and fell out of the vent twice, plus you can’t adjust the vent anyone once this is installed, and you’ll have a stupid cord running along your console. Who wants that? Set up also took three tries because the device wouldn’t show up at one point in the app. I got this on sale and still think it’s not worth the cost. Don’t bother, such a waste of time.	1	November 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Alexa Auto is not for everyone.  If you are someone whoa) doesn't care about audio quality and wants to connect your phone via Bluetooth to a car stereo that lacks Bluetooth but does auxiliary jack, orb) if you are someone who really wants to use Alexa as the default voice assistant while driving, then the Alexa Auto is a great solution.  But that's not most people.I have one vehicle which has Bluetooth support and an auxiliary jack, but a terrible microphone.  I have another vehicle that has no audio features but an auxiliary jack.Since I do actually care about audio fidelity, the only way I'm using Bluetooth for anything but calls is if it supports Apt-X or some other codec that doesn't sound terrible.  Guess what the Echo doesn't support?  I could live with the increasing number of cables to use the auxiliary jack from my phone if the Echo could be used as just an external Bluetooth microphone, but this is not supported.Like most Echo products, it is an incredibly promising product that ends up being useless for many use case scenarios on account of being half-baked.	3	October 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Had this for just over a year and it worked greater most of the time. Now it does work at all. I have tried doing a factory reset and still it's a no go.	2	October 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"There are small annoyances & glitches that need to be ironed out with this auto version of the Amazon Echo(mine shut off unexpectedly this morning, had to be rebooted, and reconnected to my phone for example)Some of this is to be expected, and not too big a deal for some of the conveniences like its connectivity to Spotify, or instruction to ""Give me directions home.""HOWEVER, my God the data usage... i'm always very mindful on our shared family plan to keep my data spending low - and just a few days into the cycle i've got a commanding lead with 6.1 GBs used.If you play an audiobook from audible, or a playlist from spotify, regardless of whether its downloaded on your phone, it will be streamed over LTE if run through the Echo.It must additionally suck data from just running, as after I've stopped using these features my data is still climbing.If you have an unlimited data plan, no big deal - but if you're capped or sharing with others (especially if data hogging is a contentious issue :)) i'd avoid the auto device for this reason"	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device has to connect to my phone... then my phone has to connect to my car.This happens very erratically. For some reason this device loses connection with my phone all the time.My phone stays connected to my car... but this device just keeps going brain dead.I need to press the button when i get into my car... then it connects to my phone sometimes.Often i have to open the alexa app on my phone... even when it is already open!!!!doh!When i first saw this i thought... great idea... turn on my car and start driving and just talk to alexa to get my music going.It is far easier to just use my phone directly even though it is not hands free.I'm literally afraid to change my music while driving with this device because i know there is at least a 50% chance that my current music will stop playing and that my new music will not play or play through my phone or something insane like that which requires me to pull over and sort it all out.A better product would be one that ONLY USES THE PHONE FOR NETWORKIt should connect directly to my stereo in the car via bluetooth.I could probably do better getting a DOT and connecting it to my phone via a hotspot for internet and to my car via bluetooth.Also...  I cannot change the name of this thing like I do my Alexa... I change the names to echo so that commercials don't trigger it.So I am shouting echo at this thing all the time too... and it has no idea what i am talking about.TOTALLY FRUSTRATING	2	November 24, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	SEE UPDATE BELOW THIS REVIEW:I am so pleased with the Echo Auto. I have a near-antique RAV4 with no Bluetooth and no auxiliary ports. I never thought I could have hands-free voice-command calling, directions, and music. But I’ve got them now, thanks to Amazon and a tech friend who told me about a plug in device called the Nulaxy Bluetooth car FM transmitter audio adapter receiver. The two work like a charm together. I thought I would have to use the auxiliary cable that comes with the Echo Auto to connect it to the Nulaxy, but the Echo Auto connected wirelessly, which was a nice surprise!For phone calls, the audio quality is pretty decent on the receiving end, according to a couple of people I’ve called. And it’s very good on my end. Is it the audio quality a real audiophile would be satisfied with? I don’t know. But for me it’s great.It says that Alexa can hear your commands even over music, and that is an accurate claim. I was very pleased, given the volume I play my music at. Another thing I love is that when you’re playing music and getting GPS directions at the same time on the Echo Auto, whenever the GPS notifies you of an upcoming turn, instead of the music dropping out, it just decreases in volume.I signed up for an invite to buy this device months and months ago. It was definitely worth the wait, because it’s changing my driving experience in my very, very old car.  This is a purchase I’m super glad I made.______________**UPDATE:I am so sorry that I have to deduct 2 stars from my original 4 star rating. The Echo Auto has just really disappointed me. From its inability for no apparent reason to “connect to the network,” to its mercurial decisions to place a call to a contact’s Echo Dot one time and to their cell phone another, to my not being able to answer a call without doing it on my cell phone, to the unit falling off the vent, it has become a real source of frustration. They really need to improve it—because the concept is great.	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this on the introductory half-off invitation. I use it primarily for playing music, and it is great for that, in my 10-year-old car with no Bluetooth. Alexa understands my voice requests reasonably well with the stereo and A/C on, but when I take calls on it, callers complain of background noise and sometimes echo. (Pun intended.) Perhaps the A/C vent isn’t the best place to mount a device with microphones.I’m looking for a dash mount so I can put it in front of the instrument cluster, behind the steering wheel, also making the buttons easier to reach in my car. That might also give me a better chance to hide the mess of cords that necessarily go with this type of retrofit. Incidentally, the adhesive on the cord keeper is no match for Florida heat, even in the fall; mine fell off within a week.Pro tip: Be sure to say, “Alexa, learn my voice.” You don’t want a car break-in to also result in the perps gaining control of your smart home, while your phone is on the nightstand within Bluetooth range. In our case, that would only mean playing tunes on the home stereo, but my wife is already sufficiently creeped out by having a spy device in the house in the first place.In summary, I probably wouldn’t pay $50 for this, but for what I did pay, it’s a decent value.	3	October 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have an Echo Dot & a Show5 at home and I'm am very impressed with all that I can do with those devices.  I love using them!!  But the Echo Auto just sits on my dash.  When I say ""next song"" (while using Spotify), it replies ""I cannot do that"". (it can on my home devices!)  I have not figured out if I can connect the alexa to the Car Navigation system.  (although phone Nav works)  So I have found that I use it rarely while driving.  I suppose I will occasionally ask a question, but it's hardly worth the loss of use of the air vent that it's attached to.  The little wire manager on the lower air vent mount pulled off of the mount the 1st day of use.  Glue is all that holds it there.  It would have been nice to have a permanent attachment.  My car already had Android Auto, listens to voice commands and has Navigation.  I think the Echo Auto would be a BIG WIN if your car does not have Bluetooth.  In that case you would gain voice commands, have Navigation and take/make phone calls hands free.  So I think it's a good product, but it's just not very beneficial for me.  Hope this helps if you're considering buying one."	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was pretty excited to get the Echo Auto - my car is older and doesn't have Bluetooth, and we love streaming Amazon Music. We also love the Echo's in general; we have the first generation and have added others since. I share this so you know I am not a newbie when it comes to using Echo devices.I ended up sitting the Echo Auto on my dash behind the steering wheel to 1) keep it out of the sun somewhat and 2) have it close to hear my voice better. The microphone was okay, it didn't always pick up my voice the first time but I would say 8/10. I don't love cords hanging all over the place but this is how I can get the music through my car speakers and keep the Echo powered, so I can live with it. The problem came this summer right after my 1-year return window, of course, when the Echo just stopped working altogether. No sign of malfunction, it just wouldn't come on. I tried different cords to see if that was the problem...nope. Anyway, it was fun while it lasted but I most likely won't be investing in another one.	3	October 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device was a good idea to put Alexa into a 3 year old auto but it does not provide the convenience that the home Echo devices offer.  The setup was not as intuitive or clear as the home version and required a call to tech support and a BT reset to complete the process.  After successfully finishing the setup I found that it requires a change to the car audio input and volume adjustment for each command to hear the Alexa response.  In other words, I could not listen to the radio and provide a command or question to Alexa simultaneously.  Echo Auto does not mute the radio to provide a response (like a typical phone call) but rather requires a change to the car's audio BT input with volume adjustment to hear any response.  This also means that I cannot listen to the radio and listen to a maps app audio at the same time.  I would have to choose one or the other.  One would think that there would be a way to select the phone speaker or Echo Auto speaker to hear Alexa voice responses but no so.  If I were only to steam audio (such as Sirius XM) through the Alexa app this would not be an issue as I could use the car audio BT input all the time, but I see no reason to use my phone data plan to listen to Sirius XM when I can use the car audio system without using my cell phone data.  I gave this a second star only because the idea is good and Amazon return policy is outstanding, but this device needs improvement to be as convenient as the home version of Echo (which I can't imagine being without).	2	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Amazon Echo Auto, simply put, is just a glorified bluetooth microphone. I really wanted to like this product as I have an Alexa device in every room of the house, including controlling the TVs, but I cannot endorse this one. You need your phone in order to use it at all. It connects to your phone via bluetooth and you need the Alexa app running in order to use it. If you restart your phone at all during the day, you will need to open the Alexa app again or the Echo Auto will tell you it cannot work. 7/10 times when asked to do something, it does nothing. 2/10 times the Echo Auto works but it takes a few seconds. 1/10 times it seems to work like the Alexa devices in your home. I have no idea if these issues are the fault of the Echo Auto or my phone, but I can simply say ""OK Google"" and my phone works perfectly. I imagine my phone's cell phone signal has a lot to do with this as I am a bit out in the sticks.On paper this device seems like a good idea, but it is kind of a waste of money to do something that any modern cell phone can be trained to do anyway using their built in assistant apps (OK Google, Siri, or even the Alexa app if you want!). Save your money and use the free things that come with your phone to do the exact same thing, and seems to do it might better without taking up any additional real estate on your dashboard.ProsYou don't seem to have it on your dash in order for it to hear you. I've got it tucked away.When it works, it works well and does what it is supposed to do.ConsDoesn't add any value to your vehicle.Doesn't do anything different than the free built in assistant on your phone.Does things slower and with several more attempts than the free built in assistant on your phone.You can change the assistant on your phone to be Alexa and avoid purchasing this at all and literally have the same experience, at least on Android devices.Takes up real estate in your car that makes your dash seem overly crowded.Doesn't work an estimated 70% of the time (your results may differ).Sometimes makes a sound after you say Alexa to let you know it has heard you, often doesn't so you don't know if it is listening. Remedied by the light, but you don't necessarily want to have to look at it while driving to tell.Crazy frustrating to have to tell it 4+ times to play music and nothing happens.Doesn't tell you when it fails, you just wait 20 seconds and try again."	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was an Early Receiver of this Device.The overall Idea of this Device is Great!The Execution is Lacking.The Auto Needs to connect to your Cellphone Alexa App. ( this is understandable )The Auto needs to use LTE to connect to the Cloud then do what you ask ( this is a down side of this Device. )After latest Update the Bluetooth Issues it had seem to be less of an issue now.So Overall How I see the Auto Device.+ 1. Better then other Assistants as it actually can hear you and interact while you Listen to music and do other actions.- 2.  Needs to connect to the Cloud and if you have No LTE you have no Access to the Auto.+ 3. it looks good and with the Magnetic holder that attaches to the vent it makes the device look better.- 4. Could use better connection and ability to be local to access Phone features better.Overall I was hoping for more, but for Amazons first shot at this I can give it 3 Stars. I just hope with a future update it enables for better connection and less lag and communication issues.I do recommend waiting before purchasing at this time for a gen 2 Device or future update fixing issues that the Auto has. and until then use the Device you have and the local Assistant.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would’ve given it four stars because, while it’s not perfect, it was okay as a hands-free car device.First, it always had issues answering certain questions and recognizing what I wanted it to tell me, which is normal for a voice assistant. It also had trouble staying connected to Spotify, which is what I used it for most. Once or twice a week I’d ask it to play something and it would misunderstand or lose Spotify, which was annoying but not a dealbreaker because it was a quick fix. Most of the time, it worked fine. Weather, basic questions, all fine. Navigation was hit or miss. But none was bad enough that I wanted to stop using it, especially since the Bluetooth was always good. I’d just fix whatever I needed from my phone.Over the last few weeks, it’s been dropping connection to my phone. At first I thought it was bad phone signal, but it would never pick the connection back up. I tried unplugging it, and that worked once or twice, and now it just flashes when I speak to it and then goes blank. Like it tried to connect and never could. It won’t do anything but play the sounds of my phone over Bluetooth and flash when I say the wake word. It’s still useful for that, but it’s like Alexa is gone	2	November 22, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa's I have 7 of them, they are in every room, including garage couldn't wait to buy this product for both of our cars.  My car is from 2007 and non bluetooth, so connecting directly to radio via audio cable works.  The issue I have is Alexa doesn't sync automatically for it to work I have shutdown bluetooth unplug Alexa power,  then plug Alexa back in turn bluetooth back on scan select Alexa and then 20 seconds later it will work.  All this takes about a minute and is frustrating when you driving 2 minutes to coffee.My other car is a 2015 Honda and it only worked one time.  Cannot sync if its life depended on it.  This product was not ready for market, I may throw out just to not see it anymore.You have to ask alexa if connected and then it starts the process, then you ask again and it's not connected, frustrating.  My bluetooth is always on, ignition is on, it should see the device and sync in 10 seconds.  Why wouldn't it work if it's already been paired.The volume is very low my radio can blow you out of car,  Im using Amazon music and have it on full volume to get to normal listening level.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	All Alexa products are great but it always takes some time time to adjust to voice commands either at home or now in the car.  Please do not get discouraged with my ratings just want to be fair.  I am sure I’m time I will be in the 5-star category.	3	May 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love using Alexa at home and have Echo's in most rooms, so I was eager to try it in my car.  It is certainly okay, but I'm not as thrilled for app-related reasons.  First, to use my phone's data plan it needs to activate the Alexa app in my phone, but it currently isn't doing that without my pressing a button claiming I'm a Passenger rather than the driver, even if the car is parked.  Secondly, when I ask for weather it can't figure out where it is, insisting I should set my phone to allow the Alexa app access to my location data at all times rather than my preference of allowing that only when the Amazon Alexa app is running.  When it backpedals to asking me for a city to look up instead it seems unable to recognize anything but a large city rather than suburban towns.Also, the mounting hardware obstructs my heating vent.  I allow my phone to do that but I don't want more than one out front like that, and Alexa's hearing is so good it really doesn't need to be there, too.  They should have provided some way to apply it elsewhere with, say, double-sided sticky tape or something.I do love the way it mostly works the way it does at home, but these little annoying defects keep me from enjoying it all the time.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The ONE reason I wanted this thing was to be able to ask Alexa to open my garage as I drove into my neighborhood.  I can already start music with my phone.  I can already use other voice services to get weather and directions etc....the home automation integration here was my number one thing I wanted.  Got it all hooked up and said ""Alexa unlock the garage""...it tells me it doesn't support it.  EVERY other Alexa device I own asks me for a voice code and then opens the garage.  Not the one in my car?!?!  Come on...that's dumb.Aside from that...the connection to my iPhone is flaky, even when the Alexa app is open it yells at me that it lost connection.  When it works...it works well.  I can check the weather, add shopping items, ask it to find me a gas station or restaurant (the maps integration is a little weak since I don't have a touch screen in my 2013 vehicle).  But all in all...it works MOSTLY.The garage door thing though...that's just terrible.  The one place I probably want to interact with my garage via alexa and I can't.  I had to hook up a third party service as a work around for now to get it working...so obviously there's no technical limitation here...this is Amazon breaking it on purpose."	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the hands-free option with Echo Auto and the Alexa voice integration.  Bluetooth connectivity needs improvement.  I am very disappointed that I cannot access my favorite radio stations on Tunein.  After discovering this, I have stopped using the Echo-Auto device and returned to using the Tunein Radio app and the Alexa app on my cell phone.	3	April 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As an early Amazon product adopter I was excited about the Amazon version of an auto product. In my car I was previously using the Garmin Speak w/ Amazon Alexa and before it was introduced I was using an Echo Dot tethered to my phone's hotspot with a VPN to my home network (To get complete integration with my other IoT devices). I tested the Echo Auto in my Jeep Grand Cherokee for 2 weeks going to work, home, and errands.So full disclosure the Echo Auto tethers itself to your phone and uses your data for it's use and this may be an issue for some. The software setup was easy and placing it in my car was easier as it was small and light enough to snap into a vent.Once set up I noticed that it had phenomenal voice recognition and could easily hear me even when I was using my vents and had my music playing loudly (which was an improvement over the Garmin Speak and Echo Dot solutions).The biggest issue I ran into is the connection between the Echo Auto and the Amazon Alexa app as it would disconnect and reconnect about 3 times within a 20 minute trip in a major metropolitan area. This led to songs stopping and me needing to restart them via audio commands after the connection reconnected. This was particularly annoying if it would happen when I would give the Echo Auto a voice command as I was never sure if it heard me and led me to repeating myself up to 10 times when I it would hear me and confirm it was what I later defined as a connection issue.The second and final problem I discovered is that the Echo Auto is not a full featured product similar to the Echo, Dot, or Show. I have several accounts on Amazon with different Amazon subscriptions. I also use multiple lists on several accounts. The Echo Auto is tied to the installed account and cannot switch accounts. This issue led not being able to control my home devices from my car: I like to set my thermostat, lights, and turn on my TV/Xbox on my drive home.In conclusion the Echo Auto has the best microphones of the products I have used, but does not have the features of the other Amazon products, nor the Garmin Speak. I have since reverted back to the Garmin Speak, which gives me all the capabilities of an Echo with the additional benefit of using a voice activated Garmin for directions. I can see that if the Echo Auto was given more features and the connection issue was worked out it could be a comparable product, but as it stands it is not.	1	October 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Setup was easy. Bluetooth connectivity is lost frequently and/or interrupted by things on your phone that you wouldn't think would interfere with it - completely disconnecting you from pandora, waze, or whatever else you are trying to do.....I've given up on texting and calling - my main purpose - after talking/emailing amazon, alexa ""specialists"" and AT&T. Is nice to have pandora and waze hands free but I'm only in my car for 10 minutes at a time and the interruptions make even that annoying :-("	3	February 16, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For an auto device - it should have protections against draining your battery. I connected it (AC adapter), drove out of town. Was parked for about 3 hours.. got back in my car to drive home and the battery was dead. Had to spend another 4 hours waiting on roadside assistance to come jump me. Now I am always afraid to plug it in. For an auto device that is designed to stay in your car, the 2nd generation needs to have a shut off created to prevent that from happening. I am certain I am not the only one who has left it plugged in. Giving it 2 stars because when I was driving and it was on - it worked decently.	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In my car, if I use my phone for navigation (Google Maps), to make or answer a phone call, or use any other voice-search enabled app on the phone, the Bluetooth API integration for my radio will SUPERIMPOSE the phone's voice responses OVER my radio selection.  The radio volume is automatically dimmed and I am able to hear my phone's responses and interact using the built-in mics in my car.  My phone is a standard iPhone with the current version of IOS.  The car's phone integration is 'smart' enough to know how to properly interact directly.However for Alexa Auto, I must first manually change my audio system setting to disengage my AM/FM/XM radio and select 'Phone Music'.  In fact, the instructions specifically say that this manual switch away from on-air radio must be made.  This should not be needed.  The phone is already smart enough that when it's time to send audio to the car, it uses the embedded APIs to provide the interaction.So..... even though the actual Alexa interaction is flawless (great recognition, excellent response, etc.) I can only give this item 3 stars because of the lack of proper bluetooth integration.  I'm hopeful that a firmware upgrade to the device can be made available very soon that will know how to take advantage of the full integration between iphones and autos that has been standard for many years now.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My grandson loves listening to what he wants. We use to practice ABC's & sing all his favorites. Only complaint is it connects to my phone when it's off & I'm in my house. Very disruptive.	3	May 14, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really like the idea, but there are a lot of bugs that need to be worked out.  The two most significant are: 1) Alexa keeps thinking that she hears her name.  The car is a lot more ""active"" place then the home.  The radio is always on, people are talking, and I (for example) listen to a lot of audio books.  I would say that once every other drive she thinks she hears her voice.  2)  There needs to be better integration between the car device and the phone app.  For example, when I ask Alexa to play music using the car device, it is a completely separate process/device than my phone.  It uses the Alexa music app, but if I look at my app, the information is not displayed or accessible (e..g, ability to scroll through songs in an album).  I am sure the developers know what I am talking about.I did like the ability to use my phone hands free and I also tried out a lot of games during road trips, which actually was quite fun and reminded me of how car rides use to be before iPads (sorry Amazon Fire Tablets) were a thing.  Great idea... just needs more refinement.  Oh and last thing, don't even think of buying this unless you have an unlimited data plan on your phone service."	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This would be ideal for someone with an older car. almost any car from this decade will not find a use for this device. It will work with your current setup, but if your car is newer than 2010, you already have this access in your car through the radio and don't need this call you while you drive.	2	September 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First of all, it is designed to clip on an air vent, possibly the least secure way to mount a device, even on as small and light as this.  My vehicle is a 2008 with only an AUX input, which is fine as it works with that, but the only air vent that the mount will fit on is next to the AUX input, so there is a long length of connecting cable that I had to coil and rubber band together to get it out of the way.  Set up too a fair amount of time, but once connected, it works, as long as the phone you set it up with is in the car.  Thus it works when my wife is in the car, but not when I am the only occupant as it will pair with only one phone and your phone is doing all the heavy lifting to make it work.  Limitations make it cute but not not a generally useful device.	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The pros are pretty self explanatory so ill just explain the consThe bracket it came with to mount to vent sucks. I ended up having to use my phone magnetic mount which works well but now no place to mount my phone. Alexa sometimes doesn't listen and sometimes doesn't understand me. Its already come apart into 2 pieces (within a day of opening) so its obviously not well built but since mounting on the phone mount it doesn't keep having to be repositioned when the vent mount detaches so its stable. When you talk to Alexa there are 2 voices. One says something quietly in the background and the other either confirms what you said or makes up something it thinks you said. Im not sure what that's about. Originally I thiught it was my fire tablet but it wasn't in the car at the time when I checked. I also wish there was a way to quickly disconnect from your phone when you leave the car but it remains connected so I have to turn off Bluetooth then turn it back on.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so unhappy when I wasn’t chosen for the roll out invite...but I kept waiting, stalking, watching from afar...Finally I got the F2F request I was looking for...I so so so wanted to love this little version of one of my favorite females.... I just....let’s just say it’s Love / hate relationshipWhen she works she works well -  but it’s just not very consistent and everyone knows I love consistencyConnects to phone  - about 70% of the timeConnects to car - about 85%Connects to “the network” - 70%Ugh ... I forgot to open Alexa app on phone first- 40%that’s most common issue I have - it seems if the Alexa app is not actively running on phone the function/connection is iffy...Not to mention - we often (50% of the time) get in our vehicles at home, where We’re connected to home Wifi- That’s Fine - But as I drive away and the phone switches to mobile network - Alexa seems to get lost in the shuffle...Even as I write this I am having questions, doubts concerns about our relationship...I wanna say “it’s not you it’s me”....But it really might just be you!I wanna give it a little more time...Maybe some internet counseling..We’ll see how it works out...	3	December 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So, for a version one product it's ok, just barely ok!  It's really nothing more than a bluetooth mic/speaker and bluetooth bridge to aux, relying on Alexia on your phone, and your phone for everything!I don't know how many times Alexia Auto and my phone are connected, BUT the Alexia application isn't connected!Often for some reason the volume level drops for awhile, and then eventually returns to the original level.When I use it for navigation, it's odd, it seems to not be able to get me to the actual destination, but close.  What I mean is, if I navigate to a friends how using Alexia auto, it seems to want to navigate me to the main road directly behind her house, and not to her house through the neighborhood!  However, using google maps, same address works fine!?@!??! Odd...Sometimes it plays the wrong music, suggested music is odd and it ALWAYS seems to suggest the same 3-4 groups/artists!Random times it seems to lock up and quite working.... The light will light up blue, and stay blue.... In those cases, power cycle....Sometimes it hears me, I hear the complimentary ding, but nothing...try again and it works...Quite often it is playing music, either an album, or a Amazon music selection and it just stops playing after a song....sometimes I can resume, other times not......	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that I can turn off or set Ring alarm from my phone from the car. I also use it to turn on lights when arriving home after dark. That is about it. You can play games from it that are mildly interesting. However, that is when speech recognition is a big issue. Also the games are annoying because they spend a great deal of time asking you about upgrading to premium versions.	3	March 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love Amazon products and services.  I buy a lot from Amazon and have multiple Fire and Echo products.  I really wanted to love this product but I just couldn't.  Alexa on Echo works great at home, but Auto is just awful.  First, it can't control the phone as well as Google or Siri.  It caused all kinds of havoc with my phone which seems odd since it's an Amazon-branded phone (LG V35, bought from Amazon) preloaded with Amazon apps.  The first thing that happened when I played music, the music player appears in the notification list.  OK, they all do that.  BUT when you stop playing, you can't swipe it off the Notification list or close it at all.  Even killing Amazon Music won't get rid of the Amazon Music notification entry.  It's badly ""stuck"".  After a lot of process-killing, and trial-and-error, I found only 2 choices: reboot the phone or uninstall Alexa entirely from the phone and de-couple Auto.  Once I eliminated Auto, Amazon Music went back to its normal behavior and worked fine again.Alexa on the phone isn't too bad without the Auto, but I was hoping the Auto would improve Alexa's voice recognition because of the Auto's microphone ""array"".  Unfortunately, I never could really test it adequately because of all the other issues with this device.  It caused way more problems that it solved.  I returned to Google because it integrates with the phone better than Alexa (with or without Auto).Another issue, the Auto is very slow to connect.  It can be a couple minutes after starting the car before it is usable.  That's not acceptable.Another deal-breaker to me is that it isn't rechargeable - it has to be connected to a power-source continuously to work.  That means it disconnects if you power off the car (the cig lighter in my car shuts down with the ignition - that's not true in all cars).  So, I can't use it say, on when riding my bicycle or anywhere else away from the car.  The microphone array SHOULD be a great add-on for noisy environments outside the car, but it's really designed (tongue-in-cheek ""designed"") for integrating with your car only.  It should definitely have a battery in it so you don't have to have it always cabled to a power source to use it."	1	June 30, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"While I have owned an Echo and several echo dots for years and love them, this product is a tremendous disappointment.  I have had nothing but problems since I got it.  My initial experience was pretty good because the setup was easy and seemed to go without a hitch.  The mounting system worked well in my Chevy Volt, which is pretty amazing.  I had been unable to find anyway to mount my phone in there, so I was really impressed with how well designed it was.  Then, things started to go wrong.I was driving through my small town, listening to one of my Amazon Music playlists via Alexa (and my phone and car radio, of course), and a phone call came in.  I have hands-free capability with my car while driving, but I did not recognize the number, thought it was probably a spam call, and dismissed the call.  My music paused when the call began to come through, but it would not resume.  I requested that Alexa play my playlist about a half dozen times, but - though the blue light would turn on, it would turn back off after a few seconds and there was no acknowledgment from Alexa, nor did the music play.  Even when I got home, i could not make Alexa respond.  I  turned the device off and back on...nada.  However, when I turned the car off, went inside for a half hour and came back to try again, everything worked perfectly.A couple of days later, the same thing happened except it was a notification on my phone that shut Alexa down for the rest of the trip to the store.  On the way home, it was a text message that shut her down.  Yesterday and today, Alexa tells me that my phone has lost internet access, and that I should check my Alexa app when I can safely do so.  However, my phone shows no disruption in internet service, and the Alexa app has no information on how to resolve the problem....or even an indicator that there IS a problem.This evening, I sat in my garage and attempted to get Alexa to play one of my playlists.  She pulled the ""your phone is not connected to the internet"" stuff again.  But I was sitting there with a perfectly working access to Google and Facebook.  So, I am a very disappointed customer.  I was so excited to have Alexa for my car, and imagined seamless hands-free access to music, audible books, and all the things I love to use Alexa for.  Very sad."	1	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"#1 it has an internal speaker that sounds great that it only uses for setup but an external AUX/Bluetooth speaker system is mandatory for operation after setup, what a waste of a speaker!#2 this device doesn't do anything that the Alexa App or your phone doesn't already do,  Its just adding a $50 link between your phone & car that doesn't need to be there, its just another thing to plug in.Save your money and just buy a nice dash holder for your phone because you can't use this device without using your phones internet / screen for maps / making the actual calls.  this thing is pointless.I actually purchased this for my 2012 work truck and it being a custom series F-150 work truck resold by a large company after 6 years it has a very basic stereo with no AUX input or Bluetooth and Alexa customer service couldn't grasp that, or that someone might want to use it on a boat or ATV without a stereo, so customer service was a fail. so to operate I have to run a third device to broadcast the audio on FM to the Stereo so now there are 3 devices plugged in with cables dangling all over my dash.I love the dots and have 6 of them around and outside my house. Thought i would try the auto, what a let down!  at least I had 15% off for Christmas and only got scammed $35.  I would return it but I was so confident I would like it i got rid of the packaging before i tried it out.  Live & learn.Another odd thing I noticed and I don't know how the speech recognition works but the Auto just doesn't recognize as well as the Dots..... then as soon as I started using the Auto, the dots in the house started misunderstanding song and band names all the time.  songs in my play lists and that I have said dozens of times without an error are now getting everything wrong.  Is there a database of my recognized voice shared between the auto and the Dot and the auto audio is is bad causing my database to be bad and not understand me any more?  I was so frustrated trying to play a song I always used to listen to without error and just flat out swore at it ""Alexa, F you""...... it worked even worse after that.Wish I never bought the Echo Auto POS. would have been 10 times better just putting a Dot on my dash and running wifi on my phone instead of Bluetooth."	1	December 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I recently purchased this as my 2nd Alexa Auto. I was an early adopter with the first device I purchased. It worked very well for a long time have very little to complain about until recently when all of the sudden it would constantly disconnect from my phone and also had a hard time reconnecting or connecting at all.  I went online to see if the device needed a firmware or some other sort of update but from what I read, the Echo Auto gets auto updated from your phone so there is nothing to update, it should be on the latest and greatest. After reading that I thought my device might be going bad because it's been solid for a long time and just recently started having these connectivity issues.  Amazon was running their black Friday specials and I picked up another one for about $20. I figure it was worth a shot to see if a new device would work better or if I just wasted another $20.  Unfortunately I wasted another $20 because I have the same connectivity issues with this device as well. Such a shame too because I really did like using this device and having hands free voice commands as I do with my echo dot at home.  But with the connectivity problems in the car this is almost a hazard trying to get it to connect and it is highly frustrating.  I'm rating this 2 stars for the connectivity issue. If it connected seamlessly and stayed connected this would be a 5 star review because when it works it works well.  So disappointed this stopped working for me.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Against my early resistance, we have become Alexa users in our house and the device has added a level of day-to-day convenience.  Because of that, I was excited to try the new Echo Auto that I got for Christmas.  Initially, I plugged it into a USB port on my computer and ran through setup.  A very cool blue light and a soft voice greeted me and the Alexa responses came through my phone.  Exactly what I wanted.Once I took it to the car and set it up there, however, I found that I had to set my system to either Bluetooth or Line-in, both of which preclude my listening to the radio or playing music on flash drive.  But I can play music through my cell phone at the cost of massive amounts of data.  And TWO cables, one of which (because of my car model) has to snake to the closed console under my arm – Nah.  Not enough PRO, way too much CON.  My car and my phone already do 90% of what Echo Auto does anyway.  I just processed a return.It may work for some.  I really wanted it to work for me.  Maybe Echo Auto 2.0.	2	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I own a 2016 Mercedes, which has a ridiculously complicated interface for media.  I wasn't willing to pay the $1000 to MB for their service to handle the setup, so besides the bluetooth connection to my phone for calls, I don't connect to my phone for music or anything else.  I have multiple Echo devices in my house, so I thought this would be a good solution.Alexa has not worked well with my car.  From the mounting clamps not fitting the air vents, to it not working with the connection port it took considerable time to find a way for the connection to work.  It finally connected to the car through the USB port, which is between the two front seats.  Obviously, it doesn't sit on the dashboard.  It only 'hears' me about 50% of the time and the sound quality is terrible.  I have high quality speakers, but it doesn't connect properly so the sound is very muted.I've always liked the Echo devices, in part because they are plug and play, but this device did not fit the bill.  I'm replacing my garage door opener with a WiFi connected one, so I'm willing to wait for that before totally giving up on the device.  My car practically requires a rain dance to connect the garage door to the button in the car, so opening it with my voice would be a plus.My experience may be specific to my car or other luxury brands; I hear they have all improved their interfaces more recently, so it may even work with newer models.  However, Amazon did a poor job of understanding this market and the wide variety of cars.  Plug and play doesn't really work here.  Like all Alexa devices it comes with only minimal instructions, which doesn't work for cars.  My impression is Amazon rushed this product to market without doing their homework (or even writing more than two lines of instructions).  I don't recommend the Echo Auto at this point.	2	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The device rarely connects and provides limited feedback when it cannot. I can stare right at the ""1 device connected"" indicator on my phone and the Echo still won't respond to voice commands. After I unplug and replug 10 times it might connects.When it does work, it's pretty good. Sound quality is excellent and if it does respond to your voice it's pretty useful. That's why it gets 2 stars. Too bad that is probably 5% of the time and the rest of the time I'm yelling at a flashing blue brick in my car. The music will also cut out in any sort of dead zone, unlike Amazon Music which has a buffer. So even though it's the same exact service, if you hit a dead zone even for 5 seconds the Echo Auto will die and you'll have to tell it to play again to get started. Oh and guess what? Since you're in a dead zone, voice recognition doesn't work so it can't even tell you that it can't play music because you're in a dead zone. I used to have my phone and Amazon Music hooked up directly and this was fine.I don't know if it's a problem with the device or the app (which handles the Echo, basically - you cannot use the Echo auto without bluetooth + app) but I've had multiple phones and bluetooth audio streaming devices work with no issues.So to summarize:Good: - Sound quality is good - Does everything my Echo does - Did not kill my battery when I left it plugged in overnight - Makes you feel like you have a fancy new car - Maps integration is nice (Android) - just say your destination and it will popup on the phone and start - Convenient, when it worksBad: - Little to no feedback if it doesn't understand you - Does not work in a convertible (wind noise maybe) - Any deadzone will kill streaming music - Convenient, when it works"	2	November 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had this thing since the 'beta' and as a whole I'm deeply underwhelmed.  It ostensibly has all the features of Alexa in general (so it's not entirely useless) but it's marred by several issues that do make it rather pointless.- The voice recognition in a noisy car often forces you to yell at the device to make it understand a command.  Half the time it still gets it entirely wrong.  It's almost as bad as the ""voice recognition"" in my 2011 car.- Depending on the car (I believe anyway) when you call someone there's usually a severe echo for the person on the other end of the line that makes conversation almost impossible (also, it makes trying to look up echo auto echoing a fun exercise in your google-fu.) Likewise background noise is amplified rather than muted... go figure- Integration with things like audible is half-baked, as it seems to track what you're doing on the device and on the phone separately, continuing books you already finished on the phone or simply starting at a different point in the book.  I'm constantly having to go into the phone to adjust it one way or another, negating the entire point of voice control.I really wanted to love this thing, but it seems we will have to wait for the next version to hopefully iron out some of these issues.  Either the microphone array is just not up to the task or the voice recognition software in the background can't deal with the background noise (though the standard echo in my house seems to deal with it just fine.)  The same problem is reflected in the echoing and amplified background noise in calls.For 20 bucks the issues are semi-bearable.  For 50 bucks? Hell no"	2	June 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It work well when it works but glitchy. Does not connect smoothly. My daughter’s Spotify device works great compared.	3	June 8, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2013 Nissan Altima which doesn't have Apple Play nor Android Auto.  Since my vehicle doesn't have either of these two, setup was very easy and I actually prefer Echo Auto over the setup that my Nissan came equipped with.Some of the downfalls that I've noticed is that sometimes Google Maps doesn't open when I ask for directions to a certain places, trying to skip songs isn't always recognized, Alexa doesn't understand certain tasks that I've asked her to do.Although the above gripes do happen from time to time it is very seldom, in my case.I like that I am able to ask Alexa to send someone a text message with great accuracy, call someone in my phonebook, get directions, and be able to use Spotify, all without having to look at my phone while driving.Its a very simple design and I'm glad that Amazon is able to help fill in some of the gaps that older car models have against newer cars.  Overall, I would say that I am satisfied with it but at the same time its not something that I would absolutely need and with that, the initial price is all that I think it is currently worth.	3	March 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My insurance company gave this to me for free. It was pretty simple to setup. Having an older vehicle I was excited to have it.However I have noticed the following:-Occasionally for whatever reason, when I ask Alexa to play my music, it plays it in slow motion. I have downloaded music through Amazon, but it seems to ignore that fact.-It won't alert you to calls coming in, this Alexa is dependent on your phone, so you'd think it would do this. But it doesn't. If you are listening to music, sometimes the music cuts out, but that is it.-On the same route, when you do notice the calls coming in and ask Alexa to pick up, the calls don't go through the stereo system majority of the time. I was hoping for hands free calling with this thing, but it seems to fail in this aspect for me.-The times the calls do come through the sterio and the Echo it is hard to hear the caller and vice versa. Since the  device mounts to your vents, you need turn your AC/Heat off or atleast close that specific vent. But even then I find myself having to yell rather loudly for the person I'm talking too to hear me due to outside noise.-The mount isn't that great. The weight of it and the Echo, make it so if I hit enough bumps, it will fall right off the vent. My vent is a compatible one as well.This thing is good for older cars and being able to listen to music via your phone as well connect to any smart devices at your house to get things setup at home, while you are on you are away, but that is about it.If you have a newer car with bkuetooth capabilities and hands free calling features, you don't need this. Just use the Echo app on your phone to adjust stuff at home.	2	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was given this as a Christmas gift. and was quite excited to use it.  My first setback was that my car did not have an auxiliary jack or bluetooth capabilities, which are required for the Echo Auto.  I purchased an adapter that plugged into the cigarette lighter, that created a ""bluetooth"" connection.  I set up the Echo Auto and it worked pretty well.  There are some drawbacks.  First, I could not use my radio while using this device, because you have to tune to an unused station so the it can transmit through your speakers.  Secondly, it is not a rechargeable product so it has to be plugged in always, meaning a wire running from my dash to the adapter.  Third, you have to turn your volume up quite high to hear any streaming music, and then if you get a phone call it is way too loud!Again, this is not a bad product, it just didn't seem as convenient as I thought it would be."	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"""Add Alexa to your car"" is false. This doesn't add Alexa to your car because your phone is doing that. This merely gives your phone a Bluetooth mic and output.Yes, it has mics designed for use in a noisy car, so it will hear you better than your dash-mounted phone. But beyond that, it's merely a glorified Bluetooth interface that can be triggered with the word ""Alexa.""It doesn't use the Internet and it can't join your phone or car's wifi. It simply passes the audio to your phone's Alexa app, and then plays whatever audio is coming out of your phone.So if you thought this could play one thing in your car and your phone could play something else in your earbuds, nope. This also can't continue playing music while you're on a phone call.It really is _only_ a Bluetooth audio interface.If you truly want to put Alexa in your car, you would need a full Alexa device, like an Echo Input or larger. But the other Echo devices have microphones designed for use indoors in a quieter environment, so I'm not sure even an Echo Input could work in the car.This is a pure disappointment, and I will be returning mine."	2	December 10, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update: It has been a little over a year that it worked. It doesn't function the same way your echo devices would fiction, so that was a disappointment, but while it worked it was great for our car without bluetooth capabilities. However, for the price we paid I would have expected better. It doesn't work at all anymore and we will not be purchasing a new one!I was skeptical after reading the reviews on purchasing this product but I figured Amazon customer service is pretty good and worst case scenario I could return it. I purchased this for my husband as his Jeep could use a hands free option. Given the reviews saying the set-up was challenging I did it myself. It only took me 5 minutes. For those struggling to set it up I would suggest installing the app ahead of time. Then when you are ready to set up the device drive about a block away from your home so your phone does not struggle with a connection from your home WiFi and you are just using your phones wifi. For myself I know my phone is still connected to my wifi in the garage but the connection is not strong so my phone will stay connected but struggle with even pulling up a Google search. Since this device is dependent on the WiFi connection on your phone you need to make sure where you are setting it up you have enough bars. So far any connections lost it was due to my phone signal not the device itself. After being in my husband's car I wish the features in my car were as easy. This device is not good for you if you have bad service or are in an area where the cell service is bad. I feel some of these bad reviews are not a device issue rather an issue with their phone or cell carrier.As stated, it took 5 minutes to set up, has great sound quality, and has worked for us as advertised. I would highly recommend!	2	December 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited when I got invited to purchase the echo auto for half price and so excited to try it out. But it failed me already during the setup process. My Alexa app was having a lot of trouble detecting the echo device and took almost 30 minutes for me to have it connected. My car has car play so I connected it with Bluetooth with my phone.The listening and response is great. It can hear my command. The echo auto is very not useful when it comes to calling. I use Chinese characters for my contacts, so I have to add in the English name before the characters in order for echo to pick it up from commands. And it does not work all the time.For music, beacuse I use apple music, the skills for apple is not yet fully developed. So I can only tell Alexa to play a certain playlist but not shuffle the playlist.One thing I like is that when I get home and parked. I can tell Alexa to turn on the light in my house. But unfortunately sometimes it works, sometimes don't. It's convenient when it works though.Overall the echo auto is not what I expected to be. Manually select music and contact is faster than asking alexa to do it for me. So I was pretty disappointed.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"over all wonderful, but there are times when I ask Alexa to play a station ""all 80s radio"" and it will play 1 song then stop till I retell it to play the station, then 1 more song and stop, rinse lather repeat.plus it would be nice if the echo plug we have could work on both my account and my sisters account so we can use both of our Alexa autos to turn on the outside lights."	3	February 22, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This product was released to the public before all the bugs have been worked out. The unit hardly ever connects to your vehicle or cellphone and constantly asks you to open the application on your cellphone to allow it to connect. This doesn't solve the connection problems most of the time either. A very good idea but it appears that the product was pushed out the door without being refined. Numerous friends have the same issues and have returned or asked for a replacement unit to have the same issue. If you care to read further ill tell you why i'm giving it such a harsh review. The first Echo Auto that arrived did not connect nor did it work from day one. I contacted Amazon support, they had me do a factory reset which made the unit completely dead. They also requested that I set my phone setting to two different setting in hope of correcting the errors. Neither worked. Amazon sent me a replacement unit. The second or replacement unit must have been a return or a open box unit as the cords were just mushed into the box and were not neatly wound as new products come. The replacement unit works occasionally when it feels like it. When you give Alexa the wake command she constantly says,""sorry, Im having problems connecting to your mobile device"", then asks you to open the Alexa application on your cellphone to connect. This defeats the purpose of just not using the Android Auto Connect application that came with my vehicle. I constantly have to open the Alexa application or restart my cellphone to have the device connect. It is ridiculous to think you have to do this every time you restart your vehicle. Customer support is aware of the issue  ( check other reviews or google the connection issue ) and has received numerous complaints of the same nature .I was told that hopefully a future update will correct and resolve the connectivity issue. So with that said, my vehicle is brand new and is not the problem. It connects to EVERYTHING else I paired it with. Bottom line is that if the unit had cost over $30 dollars I would have taken the time to repackage it up and send it back for a refund. I would not recommend this item until they do a software update or correct the connectivity issues. I have numerous other Echo items and absolutely love them, but this one is a complete flop. Good luck if you decide to try it for yourself."	1	February 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited to get my echo auto before they came out, but that excitement faded when I realized it was a slave to my phone. If my car didn’t have unlimited WiFi I wouldn’t have been disappointed with the Auto. It seems like Amazon left a lot of potential on the table and rushed to release the Auto. There are a lot of cars with WiFi, like mine, and giving it the ability to operate without being a slave to my phone would have made it a lot better. Also my car has OnStar, which is where I get my WiFi, and I can use Alexa in my house to start and lock my car so I was hoping for a little more OnStar integration. Obviously I don’t need to start or unlock my car while I’m driving, but OnStar provides me with a ton of diagnostic and other data about my car including telling me when I need an oil change. I can even schedule service through the OnStar app. Some of that, he’ll all that, should be available through Alexa in my car. For example my car won’t start telling me I need an oil change til there’s 5% oil life left, Alexa could tell me when there’s 10-15% oil life left and ask if I’d like to make an appointment go an oil change.	3	November 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been looking at these since last year and finally decided to try it out. Set up was not difficult, the instructions were basically plug it in, open your Alexa app and follow the directions. It didn't work right away and the troubleshooting was of little help. I fiddled with it for a few minutes and got it connected. It works decently well; it plays Amazon Music and I can add things to my lists. It works as expected most of the time. It does occasionally (at least once per day) act as if it has lost connection with my phone, even though my phone shows it as connected. It is a simple fix: open the app and click a button. When you are using this device to not have to interact with your phone while driving, it defeats the purpose of having it. Perhaps having a one-touch refresh button on the home screen of the phone or better yet, on the Echo device itself would be a significant improvement.  Overall, I am very happy with my purchase but am looking forward to seeing what improvements are made in the future.	3	September 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been scouring everywhere online to no avail.  I purchased this for my car because I drive a lot and had no convenient hands free option for phone calls.  When I first set this up I was amazed at the capability of being able to just say to have the call connected.  The sound quality was amazing and the people (2) I spoke with in that time said it was a great quality on their end as well.  The only downside I could see was it could not send text messages.Less than a week later there was an update to everything Alexa/Amazon on my phone.  Now text messages work but it also sends a voice clip.  But my calls...while the device connects the call I have no sound in my car.  Nothing has changed except for the updates and I cannot find any information on what may have happened or how to fix the issue.  Everytime I even try to do a search I am inundated with Echo Dot fixes.I really want to love this product but if I can't figure this out I will need to lower the rating as the device will end up in a box of products that just don't work.	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product works great, exactly as advertised. I was given this for free by a coworker. I figured it would work great in my 10 year old (not smart) truck to enable me to both play music and answer calls wirelessly. It works great for music and calls. The Alexa app however is quite annoying. Endless notifications, suggestions, and overall intrusions from Alexa. I guess this is to be expected. All in all a good product at a low price point that seems to work much more easily than the FM transmitters and auxiliary cords of years prior.	3	December 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So my initial thoughts were that of excitement to have Alexa in the car.  Then to realize that I always had her all along on my phone anyway.  Then I thought yeah but this connects through the sound system and will work hands free!  ""Then to realize...."", you get the point.  So what am I missing, what does echo auto do that the phone we are using to connect echo auto with does not already do?  I would love to think there is something I'm missing that will make it worth having.  Some points of interest, I think the design of the device is great, small profile and easy to install!  Not sure if this is phone or echo auto but it looses connection with phone often.  I would recommend that future versions of the device come with the blue light currently on one side be changed to either on top where buttons are or on both sides.  Currently you can not tell if shes listening unless you can see the moving side light.  This is problematic if you are driving or have the device installed in a way that does not afford viewing of that side of the device.  I like the idea of it all ,but I'm gonna give it some time to figure out I think."	3	October 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was truly looking forward to getting the Echo Auto, and was like a kid at Christmas time when it finally arrived. But all the excitement ended when I plugged it into my car and tried to use it.I have had it for many months now, and it is nothing more than a sad novelty. The overwhelming majority of the times I try to use it, it lets me know it is having difficulty connecting to my device, and that I should try again later.The next disappointment on the list is the sound quality. It is like someone trying to talk with a broken microphone...I get a word or two and then it drops for a second or two and then repeats. Now this isn't all the time, but often enough to where it is frustrating. I have to say there are times when I have used this device and it performs quite well, like reading an Audible book. But again, the poor performance occurs often enough to be a real let down.The third issue is the air vent mounting setup. How many times have I hit the silly thing and had to retrieve it off the floorboard!! Amazon should have really researched this option a bit more before releasing it on the market. Not all vehicles have vents that allow for a good integration of this device.My final issue is that this version of Alexa is nothing at all like the home versions. It never tells you to have a great day, or offers up an interesting factoid about the day. It doesn't respond to questions or comments like the home version. It is more like a third-party knock-off of the original Echo.This is truly the first time I have ever been disappointed in an Amazon product. Until it goes through some revisions and upgrades, I would highly recommend NOT buying this particular Echo.	2	February 23, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use this daily to make calls, send texts, listen to music and occasionally to get information while driving, which I do a lot of for work. It works great...until it doesn't for some reason.Initially, I thought I was going to love Alexa in my car....and I did. I had no problem connecting it to my phone or using the app and for the first week everything was great - I started my car, Alexa automatically connected and off we'd go. Then, out of the blue, the issues began. Alexa would connect and disconnect randomly-and no my bluetooth (Samsung Galaxy s8) was working fine staying connected to my car (2012 Honda Civic) and watch- it was just Alexa. Other times, I'd think it was connected and wasn't and if I hoped to use it, I'd have to sit and work to reconnect it over and over. Occasionally, it isn't connected when I think is and just say screw it, only to have my previous music start playing 5, 10 or 30 min later when it connects mysteriously on its own.I like it. It works when it works, but it just seems so buggy at times which  drives me crazy and make me think Amazon could have waited to improve this prior to sale. I feel like I'm beta testing something.	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update 2Quit working all together today.  No longer shows up on the Alexa app and unable to reinstall.  Amazon did offer a refund so sending it back.This is a good idea and when it would work i was impressed. Unfortunately it has an endless number of problems.  Not clear if the problem is with the Echo or the app.  But the problem has always been connecting.  Shouldn’t be that difficult.UPDATE:Figured out on my own what the problem was (below).  Still not close to ideal, at least I can get it to work.  On my 2013 F150 the two 12 volt power ports stay powered on when the key is turned off.  Something about the Echo remaining power up once the phone is out of vehicle causes something to go sideways.  Now I unplug the Echo when I turn the truck off and plug it back in when returning to the vehicle.  If having problems in a Ford you might want to try the following:Step 1 start vehicle.Step 2 plug in the Echo.Step 3 select Bluetooth audio (on the F150’s audio options).Step 4 open the Alexa app on phone.Step 5 connect the phone to the Echo.  (You need to hit the “I’m a passenger” tab).Step 6  ask Alexa a command.This usually works (about 70% of the time) but sometimes need to repeat all the steps.  However I can get it to work.  When working it works well for Bluetooth music streaming however the hands free on phone doesn’t work. Haven’t figured out why that option doesn’t work.  Odd because both the phone and Echo are connected but only way to answer a call is ear to phone?So up one star to a 2.  If I can figure out the hands free phone issue bump it to 3.  It could make it to a 5 if it didn’t take so many steps to get it to connect.Originally gave it 4 stars but after a couple weeks down to 1.  More I used it, the less it would connect.  Today wouldn't connect at all. Have tried reinstalling everything.  Tried both bluetooth and aux cable but nothing.  Nothing works.  Says it's lost connection with the phone.  Go into alexa app and shows it's connected  but will not work.  Basically it's junk.  Suspect something fried inside as originally (2 days) worked fine.  Heading for the recycle bin.	1	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It wasn't what i really was expecting but it was pretty easy to set up....in my situation, i have to manually get my phone to bluetooth every time i start my car. So if i have radio and bluetooth enabled on my car(on phone always on) hard to here....Also if you don't have settings set correctly (stupid privacy rules) does really function like advertised.Will i get for other vehicles...i really have to think if the 50 it cost me would be worth while.	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've used this for a few weeks now.  I have several echo devices in my home that I use regularly.  I have a few complaints about it:- the dashboard mount is angled about 45 degrees which means for horizontal vents (like 90% of them) the device is sitting on an angled surface.  Even with the magnetic attachment, mine has just fallen off once already.- 95% of the time the device does not connect to my phone properly, I need to open the alexa app first.  I realize this only takes 20s, but if I am going to do this I can just use my phone as the audio receiver, why do I need the Echo Auto at all?- I've found that you have to speak fairly loud (in comparison to echo dots) for it to hear your commands.Overall, I don't see anything it offers above keeping the app open on your phone and speaking directly to that.  I think both the hardware and the software is still rather buggy.  I would recommend waiting for a future version.  Even though it is not too expensive, it is not serving a useful purpose for me and for trips less than 30min I am finding I cannot convince myself it is even worth the hassle to connect everything.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alright so keep in mind my vehicle is an older car that doesnt come with bluetooth connectivity, so this review is strictly utilizing the auxillary cord provided. So first off I dont like the design of the product. When I had purchased it the actual alexa unit does not stay firmly where its supposed to on the holder for the device. Secondly the holder itself does a poor job of holding the auxillary cord, has come off multiple times with me not driving or being in the vehicle. And thirdly and this is a matter of oppinion, makes my car look like it is on life support. The last visual aspect I want to mention is I find it funny how there is not different attachments for different car air conditioning vents because there is a list clearly explaining which ones it is good for, not what I would consider great for a product that is supposed to be for all types of vehicles.Now onto the use of the device. Im not entirely sure why but plugging the aux cord into the alexa auto device and where it belongs in my car has led to a very static like noise, which is not great for the auto quality, I wont complain much because I can still hear things reasonably fine but keep in mind I do have an aux to bluetooth converter with my car thats cheaper and works fine. Secondly It will not for the life of me connect to my phone, which I do not understand because I have followed per the instructions listed in the book, the appropriate set up, troubleshooted, and ultimately still will not connect. What makes it all the more weird to me is that my phone can find it via bluetooth no problem but alexa still persists that she is having difficulty connecting. Going to the app offers no clear results because it is saying the device is offline, but it is clearly on and connected with my phone? Ultimately, I should have read the reviews and taken them more seriously. Personally I wanted to wait until prime day to get this device because it was on sale, but even then I cannot justify the sale price for it. Highly disappointed	1	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Everything was great when I first got it hooked up. Used it on my 7 hour car trip with no issues. Even worked through tunnels. Then it started getting connectivity issues. Now it won’t connect at all. Phone shows that it is but it’s not. Called Amazon twice and they couldn’t help with the connectivity issue. The 2nd service rep is sending me out a new one. Hopefully I won’t have any issues with it. I love the musics choices even though I don’t have Amazon music.	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i love this idea– alexa for your car. hands free, much safer than trying to scroll through your phone.two problems i’ve incurred:1. setting up the device on the amazon app in your phone took 2 days for the device to be recognized. so weird.2. the device randomly disconnects from my car. either due to a “network error” or something with the bluetooth that causes my car to give the message “device not recognized.”these flaws, i’m assuming, can be fixed within amazon through some updates. others i’ve talked to with the echo auto have reported similar problems.	3	December 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Used to love this, now it is becoming dangerous to use. Somewhere along the way (past 3 weeks or so) it will no longer play Apple music. It says it is, but no sound. Logged at least ,3 hours with tech support to resolve this issue and calling issue. As of the changing calling feature. It will no allow me to call. If you need to make a call while driving, (hands free), you used to be able to ask to look up a business, and it would ask if you wanted to call the number, now it asks if she should send the number to the app.Now started to  not allow me to call the aloted 10 numbers in the swap file. Even though there are no numbers there it days that Ihave exceeded them., Still talking with tech support on it. Tech support reprisetative is delightful and tries, but is nothing more than a go between the code writers and the end user.It will allow me to call unlimited numbers. If I pay $5.00 a month to verizon to use the call, share number service, but not the 10 number per profile.I used to love this device, installed on all 4 of our cars. Plus gifted 4 more to friends and family. I hope they can fix these isdues. I have updated the Alexa software and tried it on multiple phones and tablet using Android and iOS.Original review. Downgraded to 1 star.Works well with my vehicle. My stereo does not accept bluetooth for music orc sound ( phone only) however it has an audio in 3.5 mm Jack. That along with a bluetooth receiving unit works nice. It does on occasion have problems connecting, and you have to set it up again. Work better at making calls then the stock radio. It does aid in draining my phone battery much faster.	2	January 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For voice recognition it definitely didn't have any difficulty except it recognized any voice from anyone anywhere in the vehicle. Our six-year-old daughter could yell out a request from the back seat changing whatever it was that was going on with the Alexa currently, annoying the driver and of course myself.This is obviously a device much better suited for a one person car. And since we have an older vehicle that didn't have a Bluetooth connection it was also rather difficult in attempting to get it to play. We had to use a personal speaker it never played through the speakers within the vehicle.Also attempting to get the wiring that we needed in order to get it connected and powered, was also difficult. The power source for our vehicle is located quite a distance further away from the front dash and having Alexa right in the center console was absolutely out of the question, but in order to make sure that Alexa was focused at the front of the car on the dash where the driver could make requests and commands the power cord had to be a long stretch from the center console to the top of the dash creating a jumble of wires in a mass. When attempting to adjust the temperature of the vehicle, air conditioning or heating etc., it made it difficult. Trying to reach through all the wires.It's an interesting piece of technology but it simply isn't something well suited for people with older vehicles. iInvesting in Bluetooth stereo or perhaps a vehicle that had adequate power supply located directly in the dash meant for a device such as Alexa probably would be perfect, but as for us who are still living in the Stone Age of the early 2000s before 2010, we had to suffer with a lot of attempts to maneuver around what Alexa required in order to operate.So it sits exiled to the car.	2	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have the Alexa Auto for a couple of months before I start using it. The main reason is that it is hard to find a good mounting location for the device. The light from the device suggest dashboard mounting. But it will requires explicit wiring which makes the dashboard and the area around the dashboard messy. I eventually chose to mount the device under the dashboard, but it completely blocks the light. It would be much better if there are light around the buttons as well. This will provide a second source to the interaction light. It would be even better to make this configuration as where the notification light is turned on.The functionality of the device is as described. You have the same experience as other Alexa device. However, the phone app sometime goes into the background after long period of idle time. When that happens the device complain about loosing connection to the phone. The only fix at this point is to pull over and reactivate the phone app. This basically make the device unusable from this point. I guess there should some possible software fix to this issue. Hopefully amazon will address it.Overall, if you you want to have Alexa while you are driving and don't mind the annoyance above mentioned. This is a good device to have.	3	November 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It could be very frustrating using it. Over half the time you would spend your time repeating yourself and it still didn't understand you. So very distracting	2	October 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was an invitee who received my device last month. The new Echo Auto needs more fine-tuning; however, I recall that the Amazon Echo was also buggy when first released. I am sure that the Amazon engineers will improve this device in time, but you need to realize that it may not initially live up to your expectations. The set-up was simple.  You will need the Amazon Alexa app installed on your iOS or Android phone to do the set-up. Voice recognition is okay, but because you are in a car, outside noise may sometimes interfere, especially if you like to drive with your window(s) down. Connectivity is tricky. Make sure that your phone's Bluetooth is already on before you turn on the car's engine. I have an iPhone 7 Plus. If I do not already have the phone's Bluetooth on, Echo Auto will not find my phone. I then have to unplug the Echo Auto, wait about 5 seconds, and then plug it back into my car's auxiliary USB port.  Volume cannot be controlled by Echo Auto. You have to use your car's volume controls.  For reasons unknown, the Echo Auto will,  for example, be streaming music, news, or an audiobook, and pause. I then have to command Echo Auto to start playing the program again. If an incoming call occurs on my phone, the Echo Auto will stop streaming so that I can respond to the call hands-free through my car's audio system. Still, it must be commanded to resume my program after the call. Furthermore, Echo Auto cannot do some of the things that the Amazon Echo can do. However, it can remotely turn on (or off) your lights and activate or deactivate your home security system.  The big plus for the Echo Auto is that I can stream without taking my eyes off the road. Overall, Echo Auto is a new technology, and it does have some bugs that will need to be worked out.UPDATE: 11.17.19If you are considering purchasing the Echo Auto for someone's Christmas gift, do not buy it. The Echo Auto randomly disconnects from my phone's bluetooth for no reason. This is terribly distracting while one is driving--especially if the Echo Auto is being used for directions! I worked with Amazon's support team to get it to reconnect, and the technician really did not walk me through any steps that I had not already tried--except for completely resetting the Echo Auto. Although my Echo Auto is still under warranty, there is a complicated process to have it ""serviced""  after the return window ends."	1	October 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I accepted this item as a free gift from my insurance company.  However, I am not yet sure of the benefits.  It does allow full hands free activation, as opposed to using the Sync system installed in my car.  However, that simply eliminates the need to hit a button before asking for assistance.  I do have to make sure my car system is in blue tooth audio mode, which means I cant move back and forth between Alexa and my radio stations.  So far, I have not discovered any abilities of the Alexa that are not already available through Sync.I have also discovered that whether I am in my car or not, whether my car is running or not, and even if I unplug the Alexa, my phone seems to continue to be connected to Alex Auto, or the Alexa auto seems to become disconnected, and can't reconnect when I get in my car.  This means any time I go to search for anything on my phone, I have to identify myself as a passenger in my car before it allows me to use my phone.  I have only owned it for a couple of weeks, so the verdict is still out, but as to date, I am not impressed.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a bluetooth microphone that listens for the Alexa wake word, and directs everything to the Echo app on your phone.  There is no actual intelligence nor app-installing ability in this device.There is an audio out port, but it only works if the Echo Auto has no bluetooth connection, which the only thing it can do is tell you there is no bluetooth connection.All audio comes from your phone, whether that is bluetooth or audio connection.If you want directions, it literally just opens the GPS app on your phone for you.Also, once you connect this to your phone, ANY time you go into the Echo app on your phone, it forces you to say you're a passenger before you can do anything.  For instance, when you're in your house, and the Echo Auto is unplugged because it's useless.This basically saves you from putting a hotspot and an Echo Dot in your car, but if you want GPS capability, use the Garmin Alexa devices.  Or, set your phone to use whatever wake word it does normally, and just talk to your phone without this device.The worst part is, I can come out to my car, and this will not reconnect.  I have to unplug it, then re-plug it for it to connect to my phone.  (Again, no phone connection, and no functionality.)I got this at half price during the early release period, and even that was too much.  I should have returned it.  It's not an Echo device.  It is just a microphone that pairs with your app.  If your app is not running, this does nothing.On the plus side, leaving it plugged in all the time does not seem to drain power from the car.	2	November 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Not really worth even the discounted price if you own a smartphone, which I assume you do because you need to to use it. Using Google assistant (and I'd imagine Siri) is way simpler than teaching this thing every skill it needs to function even half as well. It has a hard time giving me directions to anything, simply telling me it can't find directions to where I'm asking to go, and even when it acts like it's about to it never seems to open Google Maps. A simple ""Ok Google, directions to _____"" on the other hand, works every single time. Despite all the mics, it has a hard time understanding simple commands to play certain bands like ""Play songs by Pulp on Spotify"" that Google Assistant has no issue carrying out for me. Also, when I'm already playing music through Spotify it just straight up ignores any command I give to change what I'm listening to on Spotify. There's simply no reason to use this thing if you have google assistant on your phone (and I imagine Siri as it has always worked flawlessly any time I've used it) especially if your car supports Bluetooth. The only reason I could see bothering with this device over is not wanting an Aux chord plugged into your phone if you don't have Bluetooth in your vehicle. Amazon hasn't even bothered trying to match the bar set by Google and Apple with this hunk of plastic. The only thing I liked about this device that my phone couldn't already do without it is hands-free dropping in on my other Alexa-enabled devices.TL;DR: Before wasting your time with this device, connect your phone to bluetooth (or to an AUX cable) and try using your google assistant (""Ok Google"") or Siri out the same way first. Unless you're so wrapped up in the world of Amazon that conectivity between your car and your Amazon devices matters to you, your phone already does everything this thing does, hands-free, better."	2	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would love to see an Alexa app on CarPlay or more support for CarPlay while using. Love using the two together but doesn’t work flawlessly with CarPlay. Would also like the ability to use my Exxon card with Alexa for gas instead of my default Amazon shopping card.	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a love hate relationship with this item. At first it was mostly love. I love the convenience of voice control for my music in the car. The only issue at first was in the truck Alexa has a hard time hearing us on the highway so we have to speak too loud for the sleeping kids in the back seat. In my car there was no issue with the voice control. I'm assuming that had to do with the placement of the item and the noise around us. Then I started to realize she doesn't have much knowledge... When I ask for an address... She just doesn't have a clue. So the navigation idea is not good. When I used my GPS through my phone she does quiet down the music when the phone wants to talk. So that's a plus.***** MOST IMPORTANTLY the biggest issue now is that the app is CONSTANTLY losing connection. I'm not sure how many months I've been using the echo auto, but the past couple of weeks the app isn't working. I know it isn't my phone, because my phone shows it is connected to alexa, but she can't connect to the app. She says to open the app to reconnect, but that doesn't nothing. I have to unplug her, restart my phone, and plug her back in to refresh everything. SUCH A PAIN!! Sometimes it isn't even worth it. And the worst part is it only happens in the afternoon. When i leave for work she has no problem connecting. But when I try to go home, after a long day, and i just want music, I have to listen to the radio because she won't connect. I don't love her anymore. She is more of a bad distraction than a good device. Maybe the app needs an update, or maybe it was updated and Alexa just doesn't work with it anymore, I'm not sure, but I do know I don't recommend this anymore.	2	November 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	El producto hace lo que  dice pero esperaba mas el tema del reconocimiento de voz falla	2	October 18, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me start by saying that generally speaking I love Echo products. I have Alexa integrated into my whole house automation setup including my CCTV system and it all works brilliantly. Echo Auto on the other hand is the most dreadful, ill conceived product in the Amazon family. It’s good when it works but it’s plagued with connectivity issues. Constantly says it can’t connect to my phone yet my vehicle Bluetooth connects to my phone no problem.I wanted to love it but honestly, it’s just awful. I’ll keep it because it was a gift but had I paid for it, I’d have returned it.Update Jan 2020I feel compelled to update my review. After buying a new phone in December I must confess that the connectivity issues I was having with my Echo Auto have all but vanished. My previous iPhone wasn't that old but regardless it now connects every time. Now that it works consistently, is it a device that blows my mind and I can't live without?...No.  It's handy for some things but most features can be duplicated by talking directly to my phone. I do like the fact that I can tell Alexa to perform actions for my home smart devices while I'm driving.So that said, it's cool...not amazing, but cool.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Once you are out of range of your home WiFi, it works most of the time. But not all of the time. Sometimes it won’t connect to network, even with good cellular service. Frustrating on a road trip how Amazon is doing games now, attempting to force you to pay for the best games. We were not able to play any game all the way through without Alexa Auto shutting down at some point and resorted to just using the app on our phone. Also annoying how Alexa Auto has you go to your phone app at times to approve things. The whole point is I don’t want to pull out my phone while driving. My Lexus RX 350 has a little compartment on the arm rest that Alexa auto fits perfectly in with no wires showing, and it can hear you well, even closed in that space.	3	August 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love love love Alexa. She is so smart! She keeps so many things organized for me. She knows all of the things. Can you imagine my excitement when I laid eyes on this beauty?! I really thought I had bought myself a little assistant that could do things for me while I am driving. ""Alexa, add *** to the calendar"" ""Alexa remind me to call *** customer in one hour"" ""Alexa, add milk to the grocery list"" ""Alexa how does my commute look?""I was so ready to be extra productive. Then...It took a few minutes to get Alexa set up in my car. I finally got it figured out, all set up, drove around the block making requests to test that she can do what I thought she could. It was a wonderful drive! I was so excited!The next morning, I got in my car, plugged Echo Auto in, ready for a new and productive day! She refused to connect. By now, I am driving, so nothing I can do. My commute is an hour, so I had an hour to be mad about it. When I left work to head home, I sat in the car re-setting up Echo Auto. 15 minutes it took. That 15 minutes is not a lot, but it is the opposite of the new level of productivity I had imagined. I hit the road, and low and behold, Alexa could not understand a single request.In a fit of after-Christmas cleaning, I threw away the box. So it looks like POS Echo Auto and I are forced to stay together.Amazon, I am so disappointed! I'd boycott in protest, but we both know I need you."	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For the initial unit created for vehicle use there are many improvements to be made. I hope the future devices have better access and more efficient uses.It definitely seems like a startup device.I wish it would work without having the actual app one non my phone and just run from the blue tooth using my data plan. Opening the app is an extra step that needs to be done before driving if you want to use Alexa on the road.Also it doesn’t connect to the vehicles WiFi, that would be an incredible addition so that you could use the vehicle app to potentially start the vehicle unlock it and more.It would be nice if the device could pull up apps to the vehicle equipped navigation system. It will send them to your phone.If you are like me and don’t mind having to upgrade to future devices then go ahead and get it because having access to the music, news, audiobooks and so much more is great! Not to mention the games the family can play with the skills available.If you are looking for a flawless system to create a “smart car” like you can do with tour home devices then I would suggest waiting for future device updates.3.5 star overall because it doesn’t always stay connected (I’m a Verizon user in an urban area) There is also MUCH room for growth in the product and I’m excited to see what future devices will be capable of.I drive a beautiful premier black on black Chevy Taho the device mount worked well but I prefer to put it in a dash storage section that closes to keep my car looking clean and without wires hanging around	2	March 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This is the worst Amazon Echo line of products I have ever tried to utilize.  I say ""tried"" because I still can't get the Echo Auto to consistently reconnect to my vehicle, after shutting the vehicle down, and restarting it later.  The initial setup went just fine and I thought I had everything working as it should.  I was able to stream music from my Amazon account, via my Samsung S9+, and even ask Alexa questions, with no problem.However, the nightmare happens after you shut the vehicle down and restart it later, hoping the Echo Auto would reconnect automatically.  I followed the instructions and made sure my vehicle was set to Bluetooth input.  My phone was connected via Bluetooth to my vehicle correctly.  However, I noticed that my Echo Auto was producing a beeping / chiming sound when I started to drive.  If I asked Alexa anything, it would say that it was trying to connect and the beeping / chiming would persist.  Once it gets to this point, the only way I can get the Echo Auto to work again, is to unpair it, have my phone forget it and perform the entire setup again.  I've tried the ""workarounds"" offered from other comments and from Googling for tips, but with no success.  It did succeed to elevate my frustration levels.  I'd like to think I'm tech savvy, but this thing truly humbled me.  I'm glad there are some people that can get this to work seamlessly, but I feel for those who can't.  I have wasted much time trying to get this garbage to work again.  Don't get me wrong, I love the Echo line of products, except the Echo Auto.  I personally have two Echo Shows, two Echo Dots and an Echo Spot that work flawlessly at my home.  Amazon needs to perform a major overhaul with integrating the Echo Auto with a vehicle.  It seems that the Echo Auto gets confused, because my phone needs to be connected to my vehicle's Bluetooth and the my phone via Bluetooth, simultaneously.I'm actually keeping the Echo Auto, for now.  I'm hoping there may be a Firmware update soon, that will facilitate reconnection after shutting down the vehicle and starting the vehicle back up later.  I would NOT recommend this product to anyone, at this time, until Amazon addresses the reconnection issues.  Maybe save your money, and just use your Alexa app on your phone.  Anyway, just my two cents."	1	December 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was so excited to get an Echo Auto, but overall I have been disappointed by it.-Even when I'm in the house and my car is off, when I open the Alexa app on my phone, it thinks I'm in the car and makes me tap a button that says ""I'm a passenger"" before I can use the app.- She never seems to hear me. I have a very basic, midwestern non-accent and all six Echos in my house understand me just fine. But in the car, even if I'm parked with no noise in or outside of the car, I have to repeat the most basic request five times. ""Alexa, what time is it? Alexa, what time is it? Alexa, what time is it? Alexa, what time is it""... she may finally answer on my fifth attempt. Same with asking her to play music, a primary reason for me getting this. After asking her to play a song 6 or 7 times, I give up and pull it up on YouTube on my phone.- I took it on a road trip recently to play games. During mad libs, it constantly stopped responding mid-game, wasting the previous five minutes of play. After trying about three times, we gave up and played it on my kids' phones. I would never trust things thing to give me directions.- I hate all of the cords dangling everywhere! I use the bluetooth instead of aux to cut down on one cord, I'd rather charge this thing every few days and have it be cordless than have a permanent power cord in my way at all times.Having said that, setting up with my car was simple and straight forward.It's responsiveness is so sporadic, I hardly even use it anymore. This thing just sucks and I hope us early adopters get a discount when version 2 comes out. At this point it's just a dashboard decoration."	2	November 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a decent product in spite of the issues I have found.  I like how it integrates with my phone, especially for navigation.  However, I do not like the slow response time to voice commands, even when I am at home on WiFi.  Response time sometimes takes 15-20 seconds to respond.One other thing.  I was disappointed that I needed to use am AUX cable.  (The AUX jack in my 2009 Toyota RAV4 is dead.)  I had a Bluetooth FM transmitter that worked with my phone, but no AUX input.  So, I had to spend some more money to get it to work by buying a new transmitter with an AUX input.  I would highly recommend Amazon offer an option to either purchase an FM transmitter in the bundle or integrate an FM transmitter in the Echo Auto itself.	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My son has one in his car so I thought it was pretty neat.  I can't get it to connect to my phone so it is worthless to me.	3	May 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product works fine in a 1-user, 1-car scenario. When more people drive the same car, only 1 drivers can have the phone connected leaving other drivers without Alexa. My wife and I both drive our car. When we’re together I tend to drive. I would not think this is a-typical. Unfortunately Alexa Auto can only connect to 1 phone which means that when my wife is driving the car by herself, she can’t use Alexa. She can only use it when we’re both in the car, and I can use when I’m alone in the car. This makes this product insufficient and makes me look for alternatives. If I find a product that would work, I will throw out the echo auto.The voice recognition is pretty good. It’s not as snappy, because you have to wait for the connection, but you get used to that. I have mine mounted on it’s side against the center console. It’s effectively hidden but still very functional from a voice response perspective. I don’t think mounting it on the vent - as I got the vent mount would have been any better. In fact the vent mount likely causes issues with air flowing over the microphones making it function less optimal. All in all a good idea, but needs a better implementation from a software perspective.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update (11/26/19)*** BIG ERROR BY AMAZON = THE MAGNETIC MOUNT was discontinued and there are no plans to offer the magnetic mount. I bought a 2nd unit and sadly it has a vent mount that doesn't work on many a/c vents.The first unit purchased had the magnetic mount and one would think that Amazon would make an effort to supply the magnetic mountLIKES:Easy to install, easy to use. Music is the main reason I bought the Echo Auto and I can choose between Pandora or Amazon Music. The latter has about 2 MILLION selections.I can pick by genre, artist, group or specific song. All requests, music or otherwise, are truly hands free.The sensitive microphones and and small size allowed me to mount the magnetic base on a smooth surface forward of my gearshift on a Mazda CX5 and just before the center console package tray (which thankfully has 2 USB ports) and with the use of a short USB to Micro USB cable, the unit is almost invisible. If I go to car wash, I pull the USB cord and Echo Auto from the magnetic base and later plug in and slip it on the base.When first installed I had the l o n g USB cord and the unit was just laying in the package tray... However, it worked just fine. The shorter USB cable and the mounting of magnetic base makes for a much cleaner look.I have no problem seeing the unit is reacting to a voice command and the last thing I want is to have a USB cord dangling from the unit mounted on top of dash which will tell prying eyes there is a something to steal.DISLIKESlower response time as compared to Echo DotEcho could have included short USB cable with right anglesSide note: Mazda for some reason put the 12V power port under and inside the armrest.	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is taking forever to set up. One minute the app finds the echo auto and the next I'm sitting around for long periods of time waiting for the app to find the device again. I have wasted hours trying to connect this device to my car. I had it working once and for some reason I have to set it up every time I start my car. What is wrong with this thing? I'm not a fan of the wires all over my car either. I was hoping to secure it to a visor to keep it out of the way. The power cord makes that impossible. I had to keep it in my console where the outlets are. This thing only works with my car system through the AUX plug. Why is that?I'm sending it back. Can you let me know when you get a wireless version that doesn't require a cell phone with an active SIM card in it to make it work? I'm not buying a new phone just to have this thing. It's not worth it to me. Not even my tablet or my laptop can connect with this damned thing. So annoying.	3	May 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an older vehicle, that I'd already had a decent bluetooth to line-in adapter for, which seemed to work better than this alexa does. It doesn't at all work with AVRCP. I have to manually start my music playing when i get into the car or else it won't work. this thing assumes all I want to do it listen to streaming music. this is an oversight. i have 300 Gb of music on my phone to reduce the necessity of streaming, and this device does nothing to address those. the other functions I don't know about, as I'm too steamed about the music issue.	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was an early adopter of this Echo and got on the invite only list. I was super excited to try it out as I have 6 Echos at home, 2 Shows, 2 Dots and 2 Echo 3s. I love them all so I thought I would love this too but I was left only with frustration and disappointment. I wanted to return it after the first 2 weeks but figured I should use it longer to give it a fair review. It's been about 6 months now so here it goes. I did not experience the connection problems that others were having but my audio lags or chops up, fine, whatever, the issue could be with my car's bluetooth and I can still understand her. Main problem was she couldnt understand me. I don't have a pronounced accent of any kind and I can count on one hand the number of times I've had to repeat myself to my Echos back home. I dont know if it is a different voice software or what but this Alexa is dumber and slower than a drunk Koala. She either misinterprets my requests, gives me useless answers or downright doesn't understand me and ""sorry, I didn't get that"".  The vent mount does not hold it in place at all and the slightest movement or jerk in the car will send Alexa flying and usually landing in an inconvenient spot WHILE you're driving, super safe. I'm hoping Amazon will step it up with a Gen 2 of this product and I gave it 2 stars because it is really convenient when it works but it has a long way to go before I can recommend it. As of now she sits in my glovebox collecting dust because I'm way past the return period."	2	March 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got one for each car for Christmas when they came out and regret opening and setting up. Put up with terrible connectivity, voice recognition, still wanting and needing the app for a few months before the sticky pads gave out and they ended up rolling around on the floorboards for a while and then finally being shoved in a junk drawer.The bummer is that they have to connect to a phone via Bluetooth so you can’t use them as part of your WiFi based Alexa home setup—with the multiple mics and Aux output theyd make be a great way to add Alexa to my home stereo setup or noise detector for security.Amazon knows these are lame because they don’t offer a recycling credit to use towards upgrading to a new Alexa device.With the lack of new innovative skills and spotty connectivity with 3rd Party devices compared to Google Home and Apple Home Kit I’ll probably move to using an old iPad or chromebook as a home hub and jump ship to one of the companies that at least pretends to use all my data to make home automation and voice integration easier for me.After how it was hyped (by invitation only!) this product ultimately felt like a proof of concept beta test to convince car manufacturers to put Alexa in the audio system — I’m sure she’s great built in to a vehicle but did you have to use paying customers as guinea pigs?No one needs this. If you’re car has an aux input just invest in a good cord for your phone. If you’re car has Bluetooth and you have the app just get a good phone holder that charges your phone.	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Auto Echo is a great little rug for providing hands free phone and music across multiple platforms….until it doesn’t.  That’s what happened to mine.  Music began to fade, Echo stopped obeying my voice commands, dropped out of auto mode at the drop of a hat, which required you to stop and pull over to reconnect.  I tried working through Amazon support to see if the problem was software or hardware.  The answer seems to be “maybe” to both after several long phone conversations and 2 long troubleshooting sessions from inside my car.  What I eventually realized is that it’s an okay, inexpensive, throw away that you use until it pooches and you get another one until something better comes along.  Tech support was a total waste of my time from which no meaningful assistance was provided.  They were polite, but useless.  I’m not saying not to buy one, just know they have apparently a limited shelf life and you’ll be buying another, or something else that better meets your needs.	2	February 15, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn’t play well with OEM Apple Play. Returned for refund.	3	June 13, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a decent little device, works well with Alexa and most other things that it's designed to do, but Spotify is my subscription of choice for music but they don't play well together. Sometimes it doesn't start the app at all, sometimes it takes a long time, it doesn't pick up where I left off and it defaults to a playlist that's not even one of mine and that I don't care for. Also the UI that it uses on my phone is way different than the Spotify UI that I normally use to play music on it. Would give 5 stars if it worked a lot better with Spotify. I can't speak for how well it might work with other music services because I don't use any others but I'm not a fan of how it works with mine.	3	August 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Only giving a 2 star because it worked with hubby's iphone otherwise it would be 1 star because I have an Andriod and it was meant for me and does not work.hubby sat in my car for nearly an hour trying to get this to work to the end result is it does not work with my phone, after I spent another hour trying to get it to work. *note: we uninstalled and reinstalled EVERYTHING to make sure* I do not have bluetooth, connected to Aux no problem. We got the beginning chime, blue lights, the chime when you ask her a question BUT NO RESPONSE. She won't say anything or do anything. Asked what the weather, directions, play music... Nothing! Just the chime and blue light and then nothing. I tested it trying to make a calls for me and only worked with 1 contact in my phone. Asked it to add butter to shopping list and it is did... Weirdly!! But nothing else. I didn't want a $40 list maker for me, I needed the directions, calls, texting, and music!!Step by step we followed every instruction 2 times... Nothing. I am really sad because I like the whole alexa system and was really excited for the alexa auto espeically for the handfree law for cell phones now.I did see some review with same problems like this... I wish amazon would do more work in verifying what systems it will and will not work with. Or make a product that works with everything. We troubleshooted and tried my son's andriod phone because my husband thought something was wrong with my phone and not alexa auto. And his phone was worse and got nothing AT ALL.I was hoping I would get lucky and not have a problem... Now just sad and disappointed and annoyed!	2	February 17, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I was hoping that this would solve my issues.  My Bluetooth in my car only works for phone calls and not music so I thought that I would give this a try. It was a fail, as there were wires everywhere (one to power it and one to connect to my aux input) and it was messy and inconvenient. Too much of a hassle and I ordered a Bluetooth adapter instead for $20!	3	February 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Useful for the car when it works. It takes a while to sync to the cars Bluetooth and sometimes it doesn’t always recognize what you say when trying to activate it.	3	May 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As much as you may love Alexa... this is not her... this is her crabby sister who has little ambition in life and refuses to get her crap together... this product Will take your love for Alexa and flush it right down the toilet. First annoying thing is that this device is not battery powered. What is so great about having a Bluetooth hands-free device in the car if you have to constantly have wires sprawled out everywhere? But hey… I’m sure some people are perfectly OK with that so I’ll move on to issue number two... there are an awful lot of things that a normal echo dot can do/answer that this one cannot do. You can ask her some of your routine questions and the response you will get is “I’m not able to perform that function, why don’t you ask my perfect adorable sister... blah blah” I was cruising down the road and asked her to tell me about some popular skills and she suggested one where Samuel L Jackson response instead of her. She asked me if I would like to install the skill. I said yes. She told me I was cruising down the road and asked her to tell me about some popular skills and she suggested one where Samuel L Jackson responds instead of her. She asked me if I would like to install the skill. I said yes. She told me The correct way to ask a question in order to activate that skill. I did just that... since it was my first time asking I received a polite little caution about profanity before continuing… Then right as it was about to answer my question she chimes in and lets me know that only her honor roll sister can do that..don’t count on navigation… She doesn’t navigate she relies on your phone apps and requires you to interact with your phone in order to use them which takes the “free” out of hands-free...Assuming you do find some practical use for her, don’t expect it to last long as she frequently disconnects but it doesn’t stop there… Somehow she disconnects your phones Bluetooth from the car entirely causing you to have to re-sync it up all over again while trying to drive. This thing is a lawsuit waiting to happen... I could go on but if what I’ve already said hasn’t changed your mind then nothing is going to.	1	March 2, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Let me start by saying we're no strangers to Alexa.  We have an Echo or dot in almost every room in our house, so we use Alexas a lot and know what to expect.  I was so excited to get my invitation for the Echo Auto and couldn't wait to have Alexa in my car as well.  And that's pretty much where the excitement stopped.First, it took about 45 minutes on the phone with tech support to get the Echo Auto paired to my phone.  But finally, we got it connected.  Tech support was super helpful and patient, and probably the highlight of my Echo Auto experience.Since then, I've had the device for a couple weeks.  And it's DUMB.  It rarely plays what I ask it for.  Strangely, I can give the same command I'd give an Echo Dot and get a different result on the Echo Auto.  Assuming, of course, it responds at all.  More often, I ask it to do something (usually ""play NPR"") and she says ""I'm sorry, I'm having trouble connecting to the network right now,"" even when I have 4 bars on my phone.  Other times, she'll act like she's going to actually do what I asked, but not actually play anything.  It usually takes a good 3-5 minutes of repeated asking and waiting for the damn thing to actually play NPR.  Don't even get me started on playing music or podcasts, because it never plays the right one.  (Here's a hint, Alexa, if I have something in My Music on amazon music called ""Hamilton"" that's probably what I want you to play when I ask you to ""play Hamilton"".)Overall, the Echo Auto experience was a complete letdown.  Fortunately, returns are easy, because it's totally not worth even the discounted price.  I'll go back to listening to NPR on the radio and podcasts on my phone."	2	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got the auto through the invite. I wanted to wait a few weeks before I post a review because I wanted to make sure I really had a chance to test it.I liked the idea of getting Alexa in the car.  As with other reviewers I think there are a number of things that can be done better.:1.  Make it run separate from the Alexa app or make it so that it can auto engage so it starts automatically.2. Sometimes if I plug my phone in to charge it after the car starts, it doesn't.3. Sometime it loses connection and will not reconnect.  When this happens I just have to go with the radio.4. I'm not a fan of all the wires. It makes may car messy and the wife gets all over me.On the bright side:1. I can let my son play songs with out having to change phones2. It seems to be getting better3. I like being able to play what I want, when I want.Bottom line: I like it. I think it is work the $$ spent but Amazon needs to upgrade the app to allow it to automatically connect even when the app is closed. I think future version will just get better.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car has an assistant but I found that is wasn’t too responsive to my voice or blocking out noise. So I decided to try Echo Auto. At first I found it enjoyable, it assisted with navigation, random questions my kids had, and playing music hands free. However, after a few weeks I started to become more aware of the short comings. The device often didn’t understand a question and more often than not it wouldn’t connect without some type of intervention by me. So much so, I simple started using Siri on my iPhone. Siri was more consistent and faster all around. While this device may be good for a select few without advance smart phone assistants, I think the majority will find their phones assistants more useful.	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited when I received my notice that I could order the Auto.  I had high hopes that it would work just like my other devices at home.  It does not work the same.  Don't get me wrong the basics work so it wasn't a bad deal for $25 but if I had paid full price at $50 then I would probably feel like I was taken advantage of.  I think the product will get there someday but right now she needs more work to make her useful for everyday use.If your only option is to pay the $50, I would suggest holding off until all the promised updates I hear about while trying to get my auto to perform, have been completed.  You would have a much better functioning Alexa if you just use the app on your phone.  You have to have the app loaded and open on your phone anyways for the auto to function.  When you get in your vehicle plug up your phone, change your screen to always on and open the Alex app.  I know it may seem like a lot of trouble but to use the auto you have to have the app open on your phone and your vehicle's source tuned to the correct input.  If you want to ask Alexa a question while you are riding down the road listening to your vehicles radio, you will have to switch inputs to hear her response.  If you are going to have to push a button anyways back to my suggestion of running the Alexa app on your phone.  A simple tap of the Alexa icon on the app and you are off and running.  Either way you are punching buttons.I'm hoping we will see big updates for auto but until then she stays unplugged more than she is powered on.  Sorry Alexa!	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It could be useful to have the Alexa voice assistant on the road. Unfortunately, the execution of this product is sub par to the point that it's more of a hassle than it is helpful.I'll admit, it's nice to be able to have Alexa call numbers, play Spotify, tell me about my commute, make sure my lights are off, and set my Echo Dots to ""away"" mode. I'm sure there are many other reasonable use cases. But when you step back and think about it, most of these things are integrated into the average modern vehicle with Bluetooth capability. The rest can be done with Google maps, or it simply isn't urgent and can wait until you reach your destination.The reality is that the entire device should simply be integrated in to the Alexa app, or possibly into a separate Alexa Auto app. Using the Echo Auto adds another device to connect via Bluetooth, which often causes problems. On more than one occasion, something simple like an incoming call, caused my Echo Auto to freeze up, causing everything I had going prior to the call to also freeze up. The only way to get things going again is to unplug the Echo Auto, which is a distraction to mess with while driving. Often, while listening to music, the Echo Auto would mistakenly hear the wake word and pause the song... Repeatedly... To the point where I had to disable the mic just to listen to music. Another annoyance is the required power cable. Hey Amazon, you wanna know what 100% of users don't want? Cables hanging from their air vents, to their power outlet, and the even to the auxillary port for users that don't have Bluetooth.I 100% don't recommend this product to anyone who's car has built in Bluetooth. Just use the built in system in your car, as this device will just cause you headaches. I can possibly see this as having a use case with cars that don't have Bluetooth, but that do have an auxiliary input. I haven't tested it, but it might be a way to add handsfree calling to your experience... Or it could just be a headache. Hopefully someone had a review up for that situation.Also, the air vent mount blocks a significant portion of airflow for the person using the vent. And the cable management grommet is actually held on with cheap adhesive. It pops off after about a weeks time, and you're left with a dangling power cord. Meh."	1	November 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was able to get my Auto as part of an invite. I was super excited to try it out. The first time I connected to my car via Bluetooth, it worked pretty well. But after that, not so much. Alexa kept telling me that she couldn't connect to my phone...over and over and over again. Finally one day I spent about an hour trying to figure this little bugger out. I got it to connect again. *whew* But now Alexa won't answer me. I'm pretty sure she hates me and is going to ignore me for the rest of my life. I chose to mount the Auto with the vent clip, seemed fine to me. But during a road trip on the highway going 65, the Auto fell off and landed under my feet. Probably not the safest thing to happen. I chucked the vent clip into my glove box. Not the Auto sits in a little cubby right near the radio. She still ignores me there too. I wouldn't buy this again, not even for the discounted price.	2	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like it. I waited for what seemed like forever to get this with my special invite... shocker I got it the day before it went on sale to everybody. Thanks I Guess!?!?  I had been wanting to make an Echo dot work in my car forever but saw that Amazon was doing that work for me so no need to try myself.  Finally received the Echo Auto and was pleasantly surprised to see that it appears as though someone already had received it before me.  It looked noticeably used, first strike.  I only kept it because I had waited on it so long and it didn't look to be in terrible shape. Now for all the other issues and annoyances.  The cords... oh the cords... why so much cord.  I was excited to bring my 2008 Prius commuter into the current decade with hands free blue tooth but to do so I needed to use an AUX cord to connect to the car which is fine and to be expected.  I just would have figured they would have decided to make this cleaner. Why have the cords come out the side of the device?  If this will be hooked to a vent the cord hookup needs to be on the bottom or the front.  Now cords shoot out the side for 6 inches then flop down around the ground.  They get in the way of the volume button if placed on the driver vent and get in the way of the passengers footwell if placed on the passenger vent.  Using a dual USB charging cigg lighter hookup will give you huge feedback into your speakers.  awesome so now I cant charge my phone and use the echo at the same time.  (PS this thing absolutely eats your phones battery.) I often end up giving my phone to my daughter in the backseat if she gets on the phone with her mom or plays games and instead of disconnecting the phone from the echo I just opt to unplug it because of how much of a pain in the ass it is. The volume... UGH pray to god your volume stays the same on your phone and or car otherwise you will lose hearing for a couple hours.  Long story short I have an Echo Auto for sale if anyone is interested because its sitting in my center console not being used since its an eye sore, tripping hazard, that has caused hearing loss.	1	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got the Echo Auto for free as a promotion thru Nationwide Insurance and was curious to give it a try. Set-up is not too bad depending upon your vehicle. I have a Toyota and had to completely remove the EnTune app from my iPhone to get the Bluetooth to pick up the Echo. I am not sure why but it was the only way the Echo could be recognized. You have to have your Audio Source set to Bluetooth for the Echo Auto to work and you also have to have the Alexa App on your phone up and running as well.  The Echo Auto works through the Alexa app on your phone for everything. It basically only uses Bluetooth with your car audio for playback through your car's speakers.  Things like directions, asking for the nearest gas station location, weather, etc work fairly well, but music streaming from Amazon Music or other sources seemed to be fairly spotty, even though I was receiving a solid cell signal on my iPhone.  I keep it, perhaps for use on long trips for gas locations or restaurants.  Yes, you can do all that with your phone. The purpose of the promotion from Nationwide Insurance was the ""handsfree"" aspect of using the Echo Auto."	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works great. Easy to set up. Just don’t really know what to use it for. I mean, I can use bluetooth fromMy phone to connect to my car to play music. Not sure what I need this for.	3	April 16, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I believe this product could be better. I understand this product depends on your phone but it has a hard time connecting and I'm constantly on my phone trying to connect and get music to play through this device. Kinda defeats the purpose especially in the car. Unless I turn my music on through the show alexa on at home before I leave - then it will pick up right away.I have used it once or twice for future weather but I just don't find Alexa to be that useful in the car especially with depending on connecting with apps on your phone. I've gotten frustrated with connection and just turned on the radio several times. I would love to say ""Turn on/off my ADT"" when I leave/arrive, but that has never worked. The volume always is super low when I actually do connect to alexa for music which then causes me to play with my phone to adjust volume.Bummed about this device. I personally use/own an Echo Spot, Echo Show gen1 & 2, the Echo Plus, an Echo gen2, and an eco bee thermostat with alexa (I disabled the alexa on this app because it was always picking up my tv and became obnoxious). I don't believe the Alexa Auto is worth the money at this time."	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have just about every Alexa product made and have never had a problem setting up anything--lights, thermostat, etc., are all controlled by Alexa, so I was excited to purchase the Echo Auto.  Our house and garage lights are set up to come on at a certain time, but it would have been great to have the ability to tell Alexa to turn them on if I came home early.  And I love listening to Amazon Music in the house and was hoping I could ask Alexa for music in the car instead of playing songs off my iPhone.  What a disappointment!  First of all, connecting is very difficult.  I finally got it to work sporadically after much experimentation (the quick start instructions are not particularly helpful) but I had to have both the auto charger and audio cord connected, which meant cords were everywhere.  Yes, there is a clip for the cords but it doesn't work well and it is still in a very awkward position.  When it does connect, it is only for a few minutes.  It works off my iPhone, not independently, so if you are not in a city with a constantly strong signal, using it is just a frustrating experience.  My iPhone plays through my car speakers even with a weak signal but not the Alexa Auto.  It constantly wants you to reconnect, which means that, while driving (unless you keep pulling over) you have to open Alexa on your iPhone and go through the connection process multiple times.  I think the flaw is that it doesn't work independently and anything less than a full signal on your phone causes it to malfunction.  After about a week, I pulled it out of the car because it is pretty useless.  It would be annoying enough to have to connect to Alexa each time if it actually worked more than a few minutes, not to mention the cords interfering with everything, but when it can't connect to my phone, which works fine, even with less than four bars, it's not worth the frustration and trouble.  Both the car and phone are both fairly new and work flawlessly so it's not like I'm using outdated equipment with it that is incompatible.  It's just a bad product.  I think people would be willing to pay more for a self-contained unit that functions better but Amazon has a long way to go before Echo Auto works as it should.	1	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was really excited about this. I have a 2013 Ford C-Max. The Ford Sync system is terrible and the voice recognition is so useless I did a master reset and made sure my phone was not connected in any way. I was hoping and hoping that Echo Auto would provide a better experience while driving as I have long commutes. Anyway, Echo Auto doesn't work at all for me. First, the included mount is nearly useless due to the shape and movement of the vents in my vehicle. Second, it does not connect to my vehicle in any way. Bluetooth? Nope. Aux audio in? Nope (no audio jack in the C-Max). So, this means that any audio just comes out of my phone or the Auto device, it does not use my car's audio. That is really unhelpful...if that's all I can do, I will just use my phone like I do now and call it good. AS my other vehicle is even older, I doubt it will work there, either though I haven't tried it. I am an Amazon fan and have been a customer for over 20 yrs (not that they care), and have both an Echo and Amazon ""smart"" plugs. I was really expecting this Auto device to be amazing. It isn't. Not even close. Purchase it if you like and want to try it out, but my recommendation is to save your money. Why any company, including automotive companies, is trying to beat out the smartphone companies is anyone's guess. The smart move IMHO would be for a car company to make it so it didn't matter what you brought, phone, iPod, whatever, they all just worked. This will come into play with autonomous and more ride-sharing...are you going to enter your username and password for every service you want whenever you use someone else's car? Of course not...it should just work. Here's hoping someone will figure it out...it just isn't Amazon (yet). Just keep using your phone."	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this echo early on, and so far there have been ZERO firmware updates to fix it's problems.  Perhaps that's not even possible.The good:  If you use this for streaming music, it works pretty well.  My car has an AUX port, but no bluetooth.  Also, if you just want it for talking to Alexa, that usually works OK too.The bad: Don't buy this if you plan on doing a lot of hands free calling in your car.  Despite it's claim of having 8 microphones (something I kinda doubt) it's horrible as a speakerphone.  Everyone I call says they can't hear me very well.  I've tried repositioning it, turning off my cars ventilation (I thought maybe being mounted on an air vent was a problem), adjusting my stereo's speakers, even turning the car OFF - nothing helps.  People I try to talk to on the phone just can barely hear me through this.  Also - that vent mount is a piece of junk.  After a few hot days the rubber cable holder fell off.  Did Amazon not consider that this might be left in a car on a hot day?I will say this - despite the numerous complaints, I had no trouble setting it up.Sorry Amazon, I still have to find a hands free calling solution, because this device isn't cutting it.  You should offer some kind of fix to all the people stuck with this.	2	October 19, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s OK. The device itself is nice looking and looks fine with the dashboard mount (vent clip didn’t work for me), but I really hate all the dangling cords. My car has Bluetooth for the phone, but it won’t connect to that, either directly or through my phone, so I have to plug it in to the aux input, which adds to the cords. So that could be improved, and having it run on a rechargeable battery would also be an improvement. It pulls up music pretty reliably and adds things to my lists pretty reliably. Pulling up directions hasn’t been great, or asking it to find Panera’s (or whatever) near me has been hit or miss. It would be great if it would offer a few choices, but it doesn’t. And when it does pull up directions, it requires that I touch a confirmation on the screen, which is an unnecessary distraction from driving. Also, the response time to commands is often very slow (and sometimes not at all) in comparison to Alexa at home. I’m guessing that has to do with the fact that the data is going through my cellphone rather than my home WiFi, but it’s not at its best yet. So it’s a decent start, but there is definitely room for improvement.	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted this because the Pioneer after-market stereo in my old truck takes about 20 seconds to connect to my iPhone and then it glitches, plays a bit, and then goes to Pause. So I thought maybe the Alexa would help.I was unable to get it to connect to the Pioneer stereo by Bluetooth - wasn't too surprised. I have hearing aids that can play music by Bluetooth, so the phone would have to talk to them, and to the Alexa and NOT to the Pioneer. The problem was that the iPhone and Pioneer kept trying to connect even when I told them to forget each other. I finally got that to stop.So I tried the line input (headphone cable). That worked but it took about 30 seconds for the connection of the iPhone to the Alexa to occur. Because the connection was not by Bluetooth I would have to start playing Amazon music again by commands. When using the line input it doesn't remember what you were last doing.So overall just as glitchy as what I already had.So I tried it in my Prius that does not do Bluetooth. It worked fine with the line input, but I don't really need it in my Prius since I have a satellite radio service using an aftermarket unit (which is now 17 years old!). When I was driving 35 miles each way to work this would have been nice to listen to podcasts.So then I tried to use it like a regular Alexa indoors on a stereo that does not do Bluetooth. This would require a phone be present but that would not be a problem for me. However, when I tried to connect it to my phone again I kept getting a failed to connect message that I could not get rid of.So  I am returning it for a full refund. If you don't have USB or Bluetooth input in your car, this might be a solution if you can get it to keep on working.	1	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was unable to successfully pair with my vehicle Bluetooth so I used the included AUX cable. That seemed to work just fine at first. But when I receive phone calls everything fights with each other. My vehicle tries to pick up the call, then Echo tries to pick it up then everything goes crazy and then the call (after bouncing around) ends up on my phone and I am unable to be hands free unless I physically select where I want the call to be. ( this happens with every call.Also, If you park anywhere near your house the echo will continue to pick up your phone. So unless you turn off the Bluetooth every time you exit your vehicle you will loose the sound on your phone (calls, music, audio books, whatever you are listening to)Outside of the above flaws, I have no complaints. I love having OnDemand access to virtually every song, and hands free at that!	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was excited to get Alexa in the car. The concept is great, the execution not so much. Here is a summary of my experience:1. The installation of auto is a mess. Lots of wires, etc. Reminds me of the days of radar detectors. I just don't like having multiple wires and junk all over my dash.2. You need to explicitly switch your car audio to a bluetooth source. This means you can't be listening to the radio and simply ask Alexa. You need to switch to the bluetooth source then ask which is extremely inconvenient3. The device keeps loosing connectivity. On a trip with the wife and kids, we tried to use it for over two hours. Everyone got very frustrated and my wife unplugged it and stuffed it into the glove box.4. The device requires your phone and the Alexa app. This was not unexpected, but in the end it was a pain and is probably the root cause for many of the issues with the device.5. There is a delay between the time you use the trigger word ""Alexa"" and when you can start talking. This delay for us was about 2-3 seconds. In other words, you need to say ""Alexa"" then wait a couple seconds for a ""beep"" before speaking. If you don't wait, Alexa misses the first few seconds of what you are saying.6. Alexa doesn't understand a lot of things and often confuses commands. We tried using the supplied ""try this out"" card and had a 50/50 hit/miss with success7. Finally, even though there are 6 mics, Alexa doesn't seem to hear very well. Again, imagine a two hour road trip with the wife and kids ""yelling"" at Alexa in order to play music or play with the device... again, into the glove box.Sadly, I will be returning the device. Like Echo Connect, I was sorely disappointed."	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I planned to use Alexa auto in my car. I don't want Alexa in my house. But then after I set up Alexa Auto, I kept getting suggestions on my phone... and Alexa wanted to play music on my phone... and Alexa kept bothering me with suggestions of what ""SHE"" thought I would like to listen to (instead of what I wanted to listen to).Personally, I don't want advertisements on a device that I have already paid for.I also tried to use Alexa to give me directions to a gasoline station but she could not figure that out.And I did try to set up a HOME location so I could tell Alexa ""Give me directions to Home,"" but, while Google could recognize my Home Address, Alexa kept telling me that she could not find the address of my home.In the end, I tossed Alexa in the trash and un-installed the app on my phone."	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I guess I was expecting this to transform the mediocre U-Connect sound/media system which came standard in my car into a supercharged GPS voice-command navigation and media system.I can say that it works, but at least for my car's feeble U-Connect system, it's underwhelming. It streams Amazon Music and Audible via Bluetooth, but the sound isn't as good as the satellite radio straight from the system.I'm sure it would be better if I plugged it into the auxiliary jack and then drilled a hole in my dash to connect directly to the 12v circuit so wires wouldn't be hanging all over. But that's going to be a whole DIY project and I'd rather just get a better in-dash system if I'm going to go to all that trouble.It's got Alexa built-in, of course, but Alexa is only as good as your data-connection from your cell-phone provider. If you drive in rural areas, you're going to get a lot of ""I'm not connected to the internet"" messages.For the price, it's not bad if you have a low-end stereo/nav system in your car. Just realize that if you use it with Bluetooth it won't have the greatest sound quality . . . and don't expect it to be HAL 9000 just yet."	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It works as expected.But it's awkward. My phone has to be turned on, connected to the phone's iOS Alexa app, and the bluetooth needs to be on & connected to the Echo device. There is a Micro-USB power cable running down my dash from the device to the cigarette lighter plug outlet and another cable from the device to the Aux port of my car stereo -- two cables for one device is not elegant. The device's vent mount blocks my AC vent almost entirely, plus I already had a vent mount for my phone and now my whole dashboard looks crowded and covered in cables. It's also angled weirdly, and the Echo device does not sit flat because of the curve in my AC vent.Amazon's Alexa iOS app works just fine in my car without the extra hardware and cable. I can plug my phone directly into my aux port (or better yet, plug a Bluetooth receiver dongle into the aux port and hide it and the audio cable in my glove compartment) and do the same exact ""Ask Alexa"" stuff via the iPhone app without the Echo device at all. Same interface, same car-stereo audio, no extra hardware.The Echo Auto device just feels superfluous, and another thing in my car for people to try and steal."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge fan of my home Alexa devises but the auto echo did not live up to my expectations. It was extremely easy to set up and responds nicely to voice commands. Major down side for my whole review is: Anytime I play one of my playlists or a music genre, it plays one or two songs then quits. And the volume is not very loud.	2	August 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Basically just a microphone array, the Echo Auto simply extends your phone's Alexa app to your dashboard with a wire. Yes, there is a bit more to it than that, but not much. Voice recognition isn't bad given road noise and music, but on occasion Alexa doesn't hear me correctly. The integration with Alexa is fine, as I mentioned it uses your phone's Alexa app so integration will be as good as the latest app version. Sound quality is only limited by the speakers you have in the car.If you like playing with inexpensive gadgets just to see what's on the cutting edge, for under fifty bucks the Echo Auto will scratch that itch. On the other hand, if you are looking for a well integrated hands free voice assistant for your car - keep looking, and let me know if you ever find one.Wires everywhere! A wire to connect the Auto to your phone, a power cord to keep your phone continuously charging because streaming music with Alexa is a power draw, and a third wire to plug audio from the phone into the car's audio system. Now some cars may be able to handle a phone bluetooth connection + a concurrent audio connection and easily switch back and forth between calling functions and music streaming, but my 2017 Edge isn't one of them. If I connect the phone to the audio system with bluetooth I can't use hands free calling functions - calls or music, pick one.Echo Auto is Amazon's attempt to override any car's built-in affinity for one voice platform or another. This isn't unique to Amazon, Android Auto is the same concept. Both products will probably be around until car manufacturers open up their electronic dashboards to true two-way bluetooth connectivity (something currently limited to voice command calling functions) and enable their touch screens for 3rd party mapping functions.	2	November 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Design:Could come in a more classy look to match the interior of my sports cars, other than that the engineering put into this is remarkable.Functionality:Works as intended, has a hard time understanding me over common noise such as driving, people talking, bluetooth speaker for phone calls is not good at all, i’ve had people on the other line say they can’t hear me or it has a hiss or sounds of static. Don’t know if that’s just user error but I’vd tried a few adjustments and placements and still no dice. For Bluetooth audio for music(not for phone calls) is amazing and really delivers a crisp sound with fantastic bass transfer.Price:A bit over priced but I understand why, it’s the convenience of having an alexa assistant designed for home use IN YOUR CAR. I forgot to turn off the lights in my room and told alexa to turn them off FROM MY CAR. If that’s not impressive for the time period then i don’t know what is. I could think of numerous features that could be added but i also don’t know the difficulties of making such dreams come true.Overall:Impressed but could use some work and maybe a next generation design release.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	20200413 -- I've had this in the car several months now. I really thought I would use it more. I have carplay, so mostly I use Siri. It turns out that Alexa is handy for talking to the rest of the gadgets in the house, but in the car, I'm usually interested in getting information.Unfortunately, Alexa is pretty much useless for getting any information that isn't the most cursory level of detail. To be fair, Siri isn't a lot better, but in the car, to be useful, Alexa has to be completely hands-free, and a lot smarter.The Echo Auto piggybacks on your phone, so Alexa is just the same Alexa on your phone under the communication tab of the Alexa app. If you ask for something like a Wikipedia article, you will only get the intro to the article, and then be forced to use the awkward voice commands to have Alexa continue reading the article. Same for definitions of words.Having Alexa in the car is not really necessary, so if Amazon really wants to sell this doodad, the thing needs to be easy to use and it needs to be more aware of the car environment. As it stands now, mostly what I use the Echo Auto for is getting the weather report, and sometimes adding something to a list if I think of it while driving.It would be great if Echo Auto really enhanced to drive experience, giving real-time info useful while driving, and generally acting differently than usual in a manner more helpful while in a car.Carplay is far more useful, and more integrated into the car environment.	2	April 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So, I’ve been contemplating one of these for a long time and finally found a good enough deal that I hopped on it.The Alexa integration is great, when it hears me, but once it does it’s pretty good. The problem I have most of the time is connectivity. I have a good phone with good service, but this thing won’t “connect to the network” half the time. I’ve read this is a big they’ve just accepted.Point being, this is a 3 year old product and wish they’d have the bugs worked out by now. I’m sticking with it but it’s not my #1 go to for media or navigation. Just more of a convenient radio player.Worth it if on sale, to have Alexa in the car; but don’t think this is going to replace or beat your Google or Siri anytime soon.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have a bunch of Echo's around my house and they are great for voice control of my lights, stereo, TV, and to give me time, weather updates, and to set timers and reminders.  Love them!  I bought the Echo Auto in 2019.  It is a total disaster to use, hard to set up, inconsistently disconnecting, requires Echo App on your phone to be turned on, requires dismissal of warnings while driving, etc., etc. - read other 1 star reviews.  It seems to me it is a very easy fix.  The one great thing about it is that it automatically connects to your phone hotspot once set up that way.  So Amazon should just make the Amazon Echo Auto the exact same as any other Echo except that it connects automatically to your phone hotspot when you get in the car and start it up.  My four year old car unlocks when I get near and starts right up when I get in and push the start button.  I just have to have the key in my pocket.  Locks up when I walk away too.  I'm sure Amazon can figure out how to make the Echo Auto turn on with the car starting and auto connect to my phone's hotspot while it is in my pocket too.  After all, ""always on"" is the whole point of the Echo and Alexa in the first place.  I have a lot of Apple devices and they get stuck not wanting to fix things too - no matter how many customers complain.  C'mon Amazon!  Don't be like Apple.  14,000 people aren't wrong.  Just fix it!"	1	November 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Small size. The included stand for it is really nice. Microphones really do hear you through pretty much anything. I play music with it via Apple Music and it works flawlessly as well as iHeart Radio.At least half the time I have to unplug it and redo it just to get it to tell me the news. Sometimes starts and just stops. Won't finish news or do the weather. Works good with directions when you do it via Apple Maps and you are wearing an apple watch cause it just  pings your wrist.The app needs some work. It's really slow and the connection drops are getting worse slightly.But honestly it's really great to have in the car. I like being able to keep my eyes on the road.If you haven't bought it and are on the fence, take the dive. It will be worth it. Trust me.UPDATE 5/27/20 It died today. Just stopped being able to connect via bluetooth. It worked sometimes. Over the last few months I have actually learned to completely dislike this product. It can't do half the stuff they say it can. Oh looking for a Panera Bread? Here you go: Ignore the three in your town and drive 215 miles to this one. Need gas? No such thing in this town need to go to a completely different state.Make a call? Nope. Listen to music? Nope. Need news? That I can do. It does give the news very well. Weather? I can kinda do that after I yell at you about how you did not tell me your zip code in the three places where you have already it listed.Honestly most of the Amazon equipment I have has just seemed to turn, dumb. Idk. After going on reddit and seeking help I have to agree with the other people on there as well, Amazon has moved on from Customer service to How fast can we get a product in your hands and then ignore it. This shows a lot in the several customer service calls where they just let me know they no longer care.The stand it comes with hooks into the vent. It has a rubber part to put the cords in. It's glued on. Knowing that the design of the stand puts it ABOVE THE VENT WHERE THE SUNLIGHT WILL HIT IT AND MELT THE GLUE WHILE YOU ARE DRIVING.I'm going to try and send it back and if I can't I'm going to just toss it.	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Takes a few minutes to get connected to my phone once the car starts. Car audio must be on bluetooth to use which is annoying when I want to ask a question but am listening to the radio. Basically does exactly the same thing as alexa/amazon music on my phone so it's pretty useless. Not sure if it pulls more data than just amazon music on my phone. Probably worth it to look into.Also there's a weird bug w/ my samsung galaxy watch, after using this to play music it always transfers the music playing to the music player on my watch. And it stays on after I'm out of the car. I have to manually cancel the music player app on my watch multiple times to get it to stay off. Sometimes I have to reboot my watch to get it to stop. Does not happen w/ any other streaming device or service.Looking for someone to pass it along to 😂 holiday regift!	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Dislike: (1) It uses the data from your phone. You can't download music to Alexa auto like you can on your phone which then does not ""cost"" against your data. (2) It's very slow to respond to your voice. Considerably slower than in-home devices. (3) Any time you're near your car, it ""tells"" you that it's ready. Usually twice. A simple chime would do or nothing at all. It's not rocket science to just start talking to it. (4) The vent mount is OK, but I just put mine in the ash tray, and it works fine, is out of my way, and cannot be seen from outside the car. Bottom line is that I can do the things I mostly need with what is already available in my car. If I had not purchased it on Prime Day, I'd return it."	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to have Alexa in my car with me. I thought this would be very cool, just ask for directions and get audio turn by turn directions. Ask for a business or a destination and get the address and directions. Make hands free calls with not much distraction. This was not to be.The first time I set it up I followed the directions to a T but it would not show up in my app on my iPhone. I went through the setup a few times and it finally worked, even though I didn’t do anything different. So don’t give up, it will finally connect sooner or later. That is, until you turn off the car to get gas or something. Then you have to go through the whole connection process again. Maybe once. Maybe 5 times. But it never would connect on its own. Never.When it was connected, the audio was much quieter than anything else that came though my UConnect stereo in my Jeep. I couldn’t figure out how to properly balance the audio so that I could hear my Echo without blowing out my ears when the music resumed.For navigation, asking for directions opens Apple Maps on my iPhone. So then I’d have to pick up my phone and click the “Navigate” button on the map screen before it would do anything else. Asking for directions just does the initial search. And you can’t “Hey Siri” it when you are using the Echo with it. It doesn’t work. On the plus side, the volume with Apple Maps navigation is normalized with everything else.And you cannot change the wake word from “Alexa”. So when you have frequent rider whose name is Alex, it goes haywire. At least it’s hard to hear. But it does interrupt the music.This thing is so buggy it should never have been released.	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Set up for this device is really easy,  so that’s a good thing because by the third and fourth time you have to do it you’ll be a pro.  I was excited to get the invitation for this product what seems like a year ago. When the unit arrived, it was much smaller than I expected, which is a good thing because you will want to be able to tuck it somewhere rather than use the vent clip. The vent clip however is rather large and makes a nice looking, little device, look awful.  I have multiple Alexa units in my house and none of them have caused me frustration like this device has. It constantly is “having trouble connecting” to services, it will play one song then stop. When asked to continue music or start something new: “I’m having trouble connecting”.  Now, that doesn’t mean trouble connecting to my car, since that sound is coming out of my speakers. It means connecting to the services I’m trying to use and whatnot.  When the unit is connected and working properly, when you say the wake word, the chime will go, the blue light will remain on, and you make your request. Now, the majority of the time, when the unit isn’t working properly, you say the wake word, the blue light flashes for a second, a bump sound is made, and then the unit isn’t listening at that point.  I will continue to use the device in hopes that they will work on it and make it better. If that does happen, I will modify my review, but for now and the way the unit currently works, I am sad to say, you are better off just using your phones Bluetooth to connect to your car and stream your stuff that way, or the phone auxiliary cable if you have one.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was lucky and got the invite, naturally I was excited to add Alexa to my truck. I have numerous Alexa devices scattered throughout my house. Setup was simple if you have any working knowledge of electronics and previous Alexa setup experience.Then the bad. If you have read any of the reviews of this product you will notice a common theme. The constant disconnect and process to reconnect your Echo Auto. If Amazon can get this figured out in some sort of OTA update the Echo Auto has some real potential. But until then you will find yourself more irritated with the device and come to my current situation, a small black rectangular dash ornament with some wires.So here is how the bad occurs. First you jump in your vehicle and dig your phone out of your pocket,or wherever it might be at that moment, then navigate your way to the Alexa app and hope that it connects on the first try, not always the case. You do this a few times and finally your Echo Auto is connected. Great! Lets head down the highway listening to your favorite tunes or audiobook. Your at your favorite song and suddenly it stops for no apparent reason. You ask Alexa what the hell is going on and, yep, you guessed it.. Its no longer connected to the Alexa app. So once again you dig out your phone to reconnect.. You get the picture. This is a constant rinse and repeat cycle.On the other hand, if Amazon can get this issue ironed out, the Echo Auto has some real potential.This is my review of the Echo Auto as well as my plead to Amazon to give us an update to this product. I want to use it, it is just very cumbersome at the moment. It needs some real work to polish it off.	2	October 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am pretty satisfied with Alexa for the car.  There are a few glitches that need to be fixed in future generations.  One is that every time I get in my car, I have to go through my car's stereo system, pick bluetooth, then pick which phone to use, and connect it.  There is also a lag when one says 'Alexa' and a beep before you can start asking or talking to it.  My home Alexa do not have that issue.  My last glitch is that the vent holder that came with it sucks.  Its always falling off.  While my friend who got the first ones out by invitation, has a fixed mount that adheres to the dashboard.  I will be making my own for that to compensate for the vent holder.  The Alexa works well for calls, music and navigation.  Since I dont have navigation on my screen on my car, this is an absolute wonderful thing, so now I dont have to deal with my phone when I want to bring up google maps etc. I just say, Alexa, directions to ???.  Works like a charm.  This product would have got a 5 star if it didnt have those inconvenient glitches.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've been a big user of Alexa devices and really wanted one in my car a 2006 BMW 750Li and at first I didn't think it would work based on my research but I used the online compatibility program that Amazon provided and it didn't list my car as not compatible, so I went ahead and ordered. Unfortunately after doing more research I found out that the radio unit in my car was the earlier production which doesn't have an aux input nor does it allow for playing music through bluetooth while it does allow for connecting my phone via bluetooth and using my phone hands free. The 750's produced in the later part of the year did. So it didn't work with my car, so I gave it to my niece.	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Using a Bluetooth connection leads to a lot of frustration with lag. The Alexa app has controls to account for the delay but the sliding scale isn't enough to properly calibrate to my Corolla. I frequently have Alexa pick up on lyrics from my music because the interruption didn't line up properly to only capture my voice. I have a much better Alexa experience using an aux connection but then I can't see song information or messages on my Corolla's display when using it.I liked the idea of having a voice assistant in my car for remembering things randomly and adding them to a list or to randomly look ideas up on Google. It's just too frustrating dealing with the delays and voice misunderstandings. I now just use Alexa on long road trips so that I can send handsfree texts.The ability to send texts by voice is great. Alexa will record your voice and send an audio clip to accompany your text message and I have mixed feelings about that. Sometimes it can help clarify transcription errors but I really do wish it was a toggleable.I wouldn't pay $50.00 for this but would recommend it if you catch a sale.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea of having Alexa in my car, I can listen better to my googles maps, ask questions, play music, read my audiobook? well that is one of the problems, if i ask her to read my audio book she will read the one that is open at the moment, I can't ask her for another because she can't do it, but the worst part is when i am driving long distance and I wan to listen to my book and then when i arrive to one of the places I have to visit she will stop because i turned off the  car but when I go back to the car she continues playing the book without me asking her, so annoying, I say stop and stops, but next time i turn off my car and turned back on Alexa continues playing the book, when I ask her to stop she doesn't know how to, she doesn't understand, so i have to tell her to play the book and right away to stop her. At this moment I don't know what is wrong really, if it is Alexa or it is Audio book or both, but when i am off my car I don't have that problem with my audible.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alright, let me give you a list of what it can do, what it can't do, pros, and cons:Functions:1. For cars without bluetooth integration, this device connects into 2 ports - your car adapter for power and aux cord for audio to your speakers. There are two cable clips to consolidate your cables, but it does get a tad clunky2. I believe for cars with bluetooth integration, it can connect directly to your car's bluetooth, however, I'm unaware of how compatible this feature is3. From here, Alexa is able to start your music, make phone calls, look up weather, etc. Basically anything that a normal Echo device can doWhat it can't do:1. Like other Echo devices, it cannot send SMS Text Messages2. It cannot give you voice step-by-step navigation3. It cannot look up businesses (or at least for me, not very well) nor look up their hours4. It cannot look up businesses' phone numbers (Alexa, call Walgreen's Pharmacy)Pros:1. I have an iPhone, so Alexa understands me better than Siri2. The ability to now control my music hands free. My car cannot navigate / skip / stop tracks with dashboard controls3. The ability to make calls and have my phone in my pocket instead of my phone being plugged inCons:1. Alexa has never connected to my phone by itself. I have always needed to open my phone every time I start my car to connect to my Echo Auto2. Alexa cannot hear me if my windows are down. It has a hard time hearing me when my AC is running3. Anything listed in its non functions: not being able to vocally navigate me, not being able to text, not being able to open my phone's apps for me, not being able to look up businesses4. Its vocal recognition is still not perfect - there are many times that it still doesn't understand what I'm saying5. Sometimes, it just won't do anything. It will light up, indicating that it hears me, and beeps, indicating that it has received my voice command, but then it just goes silent. Sometimes, it just doesn't act.I got this product during BETA, so I purchased it for around $25. This price point is ridiculous. $50?! No way. $25 was barely even worth it too. I'm considering returning this device. This product was meant for cars that don't have smart capabilities, but it can't even fix that. Don't waste your time.	1	October 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its more pain than its worth. You have to open the app every time you get in the car in order for it to connect. It cant hear you over the softest music. I have gone back to android auto...basically a glorified dashboard ornament at this point.*Update*In giving the device another try they seem to have made some updates and improvements taking my rating from a 1 star to a 3 star. I no longer have to physically take out my phone and open the alexa app every time i get in the car to make it work.However! If you ask her for directions she will NEVER understand. I asked for the same restaurant 4 times adding in street name and city and she couldn't help, When I gave up and used google assistant it knew exactly where I wanted to know with just the restaurant name.When you play music through the device it does not actually open and use amazon music on your phone, because of this I am not able to use the forward and back / pause buttons on my steering wheel to control the music playback like I can with Amazon music open meaning the only way to pause or skip a track is to ask alexa aloud.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I have mixed feelings about this and have been pretty disappointed, as I was so excited to try this out.. the not so good: it’s supposed to make your vehicle hands free, but often I feel more frustration just trying to get it to work before I take off that I disconnect it.  Alexa constantly has issues connecting to the apps, although my phone will say it is connected.  At times, this happens while driving down the road which is pretty annoying.  Using it to make calls is rough.  It’s also strange that it doesn’t automatically take over calls.. I have to physically check that I want the device to answer or make a call.  So, definitely defeats the whole ‘handsfree’ part.  There is apparently a lot of road noise on the other end, so I am hardly heard.  The cords.. I hate them. First of all, I get that it’s not compatible with all vehicle vents, but even still I wouldn’t want it in my vent with two cords hanging everywhere.  I ended up having to sit mine in a cubby space built into my car by the gear shift.  Aye!  cords everywhere and it’s annoying And hazardous for passengers. I recognize that my cars limited abilities, no blue tooth, makes this even worse yet even still, the device has to be plugged into my car power constantly or it resets and won’t connect seamlessly.  This device cannot go cordless.  I am really wondering.. is this a beta model?!Ahh and it drains my phone battery way too quick!The good... mmm it plays music I want, which is why I am still using it.. for the most part.  Alexa, when she does respond/work, brings up exactly what I ask for... so there’s that!	2	December 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited for this product. I love my echo system that I have at home and often times would like to use voice recognition in my car.However, this product is great in theory but clumsy in execution. It is to the point where I don’t use my echo auto- it’s more like a weird fixture in my car.1. When I have my phone hooked up to the WiFi in my house, the echo auto does not connect until I drive away and am only using my data. This would not be that big of a deal except for2. EVERY time you want to use the echo auto you need to have the Alexa app open on your phone. Which in my opinion defeats the purpose because I’m that case I will just take my phone out to accomplish the task I want to accomplish.So if I am leaving the house I am put in the awkward position of having to be on the road and trying to open the app which is not the safest of driving practices.Long story short, they have a lotOf bugs to work out and it needs an upgrade	3	March 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto is not quite there yet.Connectivity is spotty at best. I'm pretty sure it will be blamed on phone signal however, it Bluetooth Connectivity and its constantly dropping connection.Music playback would be great if it picked up from the last song that was played. If you play a station or an album and turn the car off, when you come back and turn the car on it starts the Playlist all the way from the beginning. No other device does that even an old CD player doesn't do that.I thought using it for directions would be a great addition. Even added shortcuts for frequently visit addresses. Echo auto will not remember the pre-entered text. Often give ls the response cannot not detect your location.Phone calls are also hit and miss. The bar lights up green for phone calls. Sometimes it not push the audio through the car speakers. I've had to disconnect from echo auto just to hear the person on the other side.Unless there are some firmware updates in this first edition, I doubt I would upgrade to any variant  new version. If listens but doesn't comprehend was a person you'd have an echo auto device.	2	October 6, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I have a love/hate (more hate) relationship with my Echo Auto.  When it connects and works, I love it, but this is the problem, it constantly loses connection.  Sometimes it is as easy as just closing and opening the app, but many times it takes deleting the app, downloading the Alexa app and reconnecting like setting up a new device.  This is very inconvenient.  I had it working great on a long trip, but then input in Waze for my trip directions and it lost connection and took me days of trying to get it reconnected.  I mean days!!  I since figured out how to get Waze as my default thru Alexa, so that helped on the next long trip, but halfway thru we lost connection and it would not reconnect until we were at our destination and I could physically sit and play with it for ten minutes.  If this worked as it should, it would be fabulous.  I just think there are a lot of bugs in it that need to be worked out.  I want to love it, but now I rarely use it because having to reconnect it every time I get into my car is too much of a pain in the a$$.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The electronics works fine she hears well and is pretty much like my devices at home.I have a Silverado truck and the mount that came with it doesn’t really fit well with the angle of my vents I had to get an after market mount for it.	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this device. I LOVE all of my household Echos, but the Echo Auto fell short for me. I was optimistically skeptical when I read the reviews about connectivity problems, but have since come to realize that those reviews are warranted. I liked the idea of having a hands-free option in the car, especially one with better control over music in a non-iTunes environment. Since I use Spotify, Siri always has problems searching for and playing music in that app, but Alexa doesn't. With the constant connectivity problems found in the Echo Auto, it often was more of a hassle than anything.Most of the time, my Echo Auto wouldn't connect to my phone for 5-10 minutes into my drive, even when I manually selected the Bluetooth device. I also often faced the frustration of my phone randomly connecting to the Auto when I wasn't even in the car. The car would be in the garage, and I would be in the kitchen, or my car would be in a parking lot, and me in the grocery store, and my phone would try to connect to the Auto, booting me off of other Bluetooth devices.Additionally, because the Echo Auto was always searching for a signal, even when the car was turned off, it drained my car battery after not using the car for a few days. Maybe I should have completely unplugged the device when it wasn't in use, but I still found it frustrating that it wouldn't power down with the car like most other devices do- especially considering the frustrations I faced in dealing with getting it to connect to my phone when I wanted it to. I am hopeful that someday, Amazon releases a new Echo Auto that fixes these issues.	2	February 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my echo devices in my home, have an Android phone and drive a 2019 Toyota. The car has Apple Play but not Android Auto. I figured an Echo Auto would be perfect. I was wrong. The Bluetooth connection is slower than the connection to the car as an audio device, but otherwise stable. The main problem is in functionality after that. Alexa just doesn't work as well as it does in my many other echo devices. It will make a confirmation sound that it is getting me gps directions, then just won't. It struggles to work out how to play songs from Spotify or podcasts from Stitcher. Overall, it just seems like it wasn't properly tested to ensure function before it was shipped.	3	September 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use this to access my Amazon Prime music library while driving around.  It was not easy to configure even though I did not use any bluetooth to connect to the auto sound system, only an auxiliary cable.  Sound quality largely depends on the sound quality of your auto sound system.  I live in a rural area so I often lose my connection in the middle of a tune.  It works pretty well for answering the phone as well as playing music.  I am no longer able to access Amazon music (or Alexa) on my cell phone, I think because of a conflict with this device.  The message says to call Amazon and report error code -180.  I have not done that yet since finding the number and making the call or chat is a hassle with Amazon.  I know that after configuring this device and eventually finding a solution myself.  After using the Echo Auto my cell phone gets hot and the battery starts draining.  Not a surprise since I have to make sure I do not leave Amazon Music running on my home PC (it becomes a CPU hog over time).  After using the Echo Auto I always restart my cell phone.	3	November 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I own many Alexa devices and I was super excited about the Alexa Auto. I love technology and the usability Alexa devices have brought to my hectic life. However, this product does not meet prior Amazon device standards in my opinion.I am a software testing manager. My boyfriend is a web developer. And my friends and colleagues who ride with me daily to lunch are all members of IT, testing, QA or another aspect of software application development.Here are my main findings:- I think having to have the app open on your phone constantly is not user friendly- I understand a cable for charging. However, the cable gets in the way and is an eyesore. I feel like with Bluetooth these days, we could have developed a wireless product with a decent battery life for daily commute. Wires are fine for road trips!- Echo Auto does not respond or reply at least 50% of the time despite the blue light indicator that indicates a request was heard. We jokingly thought it was due to the AC interfering from the AC vent clip but this happens with and without the AC on. Also happens when you intentionally raise your voice so you are sure she heard you- Many times, despite having signal, being connected to Bluetooth and having the app open, Alexa informs me she cannot connect to the internet- while working even, she drops signal often despite having internet and cellular connection- when playing pandora, Echo Auto often stops playing all together or cuts songs off and switches to another. Please note  this does not happen in my car when I stream directly from my phone and it also does not happen on my other Alexa devices- the one good thing I will say is that there are some fun car skills, when they work. Today I tried to launch one. Alexa confirmed opening the skill then went DEAD SILENT.I have not had a single one of these problems with other Alexa products. With the Amazon brand and image, I feel like these defects would have easily been found during functional or integration testing or at least while in beta. This is now available to purchase by the public. And at $50 each, this product is simply not ready for the market. It is an excellent EXCELLENT concept and I look forward to Amazon working out the kinks. I’m disappointed I paid $25; glad I didn’t pay full price!	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"On the one hand, this gadget does nothing you can't already do with your cell phone if you have voice activation turned on (e.g., ""hey siri""), the Alexa app, and your preferred streaming sources.  So the value added is very small.  On the other hand, it does have the Echo-standard microphone array that does a great job of speech recognition (except when road noise is high).  The device connects immediately to my iPhone 10s when the car starts, so all I have to do is switch the radio to aux/bluetooth input.  Everything you have set up in the Alexa app is accessible via this device.  In a long road trip, I found it to be useful for streaming music, podcasts and news using the skills I had already set up for home use.  Eliminates the need for satellite radio, but service depends on coverage of your cell phone network.Note that the device connects to your cell phone via bluetooth, not your personal hotspot.  Depending on your plan, this might make a difference in operating cost.So far, there are no particularly useful echo auto skills.  There is a work-around for routing your navigation app's audio through the device, but why bother?"	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I asked for an invite for this a long time ago and was excited when I got chosen to try it. But it isn’t quite what I was expecting based off of all my other Alexa products. It took about an hour to finally get it set up and connected to my phone, and there really isn’t a great way to mount it without a cord flopping around and a vent covered up. It does play music pretty well and can add things like reminders and items to your shopping list, but that’s about it. I’ve had about a 1% success rate with making calls, as it usually tries to call a completely different name than I asked for. Navigation has been an exponential disappointment. I haven’t been able to get it to pull up the right place even once.At this point I really don’t use it for much other than music, as anything else is more than a bit frustrating. I love all my other Alexa products and think this will be amazing once they get the kinks worked out, but for now I can’t say I would pay $50 dollars for a hands free music device.But at least I’ll be able to hear Sammy Jackson in the car once that voice replacement is finally released...	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bottom Line:  Why do we need this product?  First of all; this product relies primarily on a high speed data connection.  If you are traveling on an Interstate Highway, and your phone doesn’t have a substantial data connection, it is useless.  You get a “sorry, I can’t do that right now”.  Or maybe no response at all, which is even more frustrating.  Secondly; you are solely relying on your Alexa Skills.  If this device could control Android/IPhone apps, it would be somewhat useful.  I tried listening to my phone’s music or preloaded podcasts.  There was no way for the Alexa Auto device to do this.  It tried getting music off of prime or podcasts from Tunein.  Without high speed data this failed to work and I was met with silence.  Lastly, the Google Assistant or even the Alexa phone apps works better without adding another piece of hardware to my car.  I can control apps on the phone and Google allows me not to have to pay attention to the phone.I am all in on the Alexa environment.  I think it is very useful.  But until Amazon makes this particular product more useful, it is coming out of my car.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We use the Echo Auto to listen to music and mainly Amazon Music. It will connect with my iPhone thru blue tooth with no problem. But when you ask Alexa to play music, you hear Alexa responding but no music being played in most instances. We tried disconnect power and restart and would work most of the time. Another alternative is to start Amazon Music on your phone after asking Alexa to play. Once Alexa started playing, you could ask for another song and would work. The connection software needs to be improved.	3	December 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like this product ok but I think it can be improved. The voice functionality is good. It doesn't always connect and sometimes it doesn't work. However my biggest problem is that I had it ""mounted"" on the air vent holder. I stopped once and it fell and broke apart. The little connection plastic pieces are totally broken but it's not under warranty any more. I taped it together so it still ""works"" but looks horrible. I am surprised they didn't make this more sturdy or create a better mount."	3	December 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Bluetooth connection is odd, sometimes. When you say ""Alexa"", she responds ""lost connection"" in one voice, but talks over herself like normal, awaiting input.Mine does not handle calls or texting at all. I was hoping it would.Glad I got this on sale.Only reason it gets 4 Stars is because it does work well for Amazon music and connected smart devices."	3	February 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this on prime day and thought that for $20 it was worth a try. I love my echos in the house, I’ve got every size they have. This echo for the car just doesn’t live up to my expectations. The set up was a pain. When I finally got it connected it disconnected just a fast. It disconnects when you’re driving down the road and says pull over and open the Alexa app, nope, I driving and don’t want to stop and reconnect every few miles. I have to have the app open for it to really do anything. I can’t get directions on the fly and it can already play stuff through Bluetooth. I wanted the voice recognition but that doesn’t work. I keep having to say the same command over and over and nothing happens or I’ll give up and it’ll start playing out of the blue. And the dang cord gets in the way. I ended up just unhooking it and putting it in the glove box.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Though this was an okay addition to my vehicle due to not having Android Auto or Apple Car Play, it lacks options.  First the design is flawed, specifically the mount.  Due to the need to mount it to a vent.  All makes and models of vehicles have vents, but they are all different and this mount is not sustainable and made of cheap material.  I am disappointed that there is not an optional mount like a suction cup for the windshield or a weighted version for the dash.  I even saw that Iottie makes an Alexa induction cell phone charger holder with a suction mount that looks like a better option.  Second issue is the cord organizer.  I have 2 Alexa Autos and both of the mounts cord organizers fell off.  What is the point of adding a cord organizer that does not stay on the device it was meant to support? I would love to see a cordless version that can have some versatility and mount anywhere you want it within speaking range.  With all of the technology out there how come it was not made rechargeable?  By and large I enjoy using Alexa products but there is always room for improvement.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"As others have said, I so wanted to love this device, so badly...but alas, I cannot!  I purchased it and got it hooked up fairly quickly without much hassle...and then began to find it's faults.  This may vary by car, but in my Cruze with Bluetooth, I need to configure the radio setting to Bluetooth every single time I started the car....so much for convenience of it always being there for you.  Then it would frequently just be dead and not do anything for a time...and you fiddle with your phone, you fiddle with your car sound system, you unplug the unit and diddle with it for a while...and suddenly it starts working.  But as others have said, this thing can cause road rage when you think it's supposed to be  working while you're driving...and it's not working.So...fast forward.  I get a new phone a couple weeks ago, same brand, Samsung,  but updated Galaxy S10E model.  I've spend a couple hours at least, over a few days, and I cannot get the Auto Echo to connect to my car.  I can Bluetooth my amazon music to my car radio directly just fine, easy peasy,  but I absolutely cannot get the echo to connect.I grabbed the Echo Auto from my car roughly....in frustration the other day, and tossed into my electronic junk box.  At least until my mood changes about this ""exercise in frustration"", it will stay in the junk drawer...with my other electronic ideas that didn't work as well as advertised...lol.Sorry amazon.....I absolutely love my 8 echo's in the house.....but I cannot in good conscience recommend this ""Echo Auto"" product."	2	March 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Elexa.  I have 3 different ones in my house.  Recently added one to my truck and it often seems buggy.  Could be my phone or my truck (everything ties together using Bluetooth).  If I'm using SiriusXM radio, Alexa can't communicate thru my truck.  Yeah I could use Amazon music thru Alexa, but it seems too sensitive to having a solid connection to a Verizon tower.	3	January 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received this as a gift so I don’t know if it would be anything I’d actually ever want buy for my vehicle, but I got excited about it’s possibilities. Unfortunately the mounting options for it are extremely limited first off. It only comes with an air vent mount, and that’s it. I have a Toyota Tundra with round wide vents and the mount did not work. I rigged it up but it kept sliding and falling. I wish it had a dash mount or any other type option.The set up with my existing Amazon and Alexa account was pretty easy. But, apparently you have to be using Bluetooth through your phone the entire time and not a usb or it won’t work. Also, if you’re phone isn’t on and in the Alexa app at all times it won’t work as well. None of that made any sense to me. I want to use other apps and plug in through usb to charge my phone. When I did have it hooked up, it was fun and worked but way too limiting.My final gripe that I never considered was having yet another cable running all over in my truck. I have enough as it is but adding this Alexa, which really isn’t needed, just felt like a mess. My phone can do what it does.I wanted to like it, but too much against it.	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto (EA) is a great idea but it has some issues that aren't necessarily the fault of the equipment. I found the EA worked best parked in front of my home: once in motion, there were frequent interruptions to the service so playing music would pause, games or other interactions would abruptly stop and frequently Alexa could not respond or was unable to function unless a solid cell signal was available.There was also an issue with bluetooth audio and a few times audio from my phone would play at the same time as the EA leading to a cacophony and making both devices useless. In those instances, there was no way to command EA to remedy the situation leading to silence until I pulled over. During a trip, this would negate the purpose of the EA.As to the positives of EA, it mirrors the indoor versions respectfully. I was able to control my home automation when a signal was present, call up music and as basic questions. Locations and vehicle guidance didn't work for me but without integration with a displayable map this isn't particularly useful yet anyway. I enjoyed playing trivia games during those times when there was a good internet connection.I think the size of the unit and its abilities so far make this an advanced ""Beta"" of a product. It is far from a solid platform almost entirely due to it's complete reliance on a constant internet connection. The Bluetooth bug, which could be partially due to iOS, is also a showstopper. Still, it does a few things that CarPlay cannot and I will be curious to see if improvements can be made.I would recommend this only to the tech savvy, early adopters who can understand and be patient with its shortcomings. To people who ""just need things to work"", skip this for now. You'll find it frustrating."	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not able to connect to my car speakers	3	June 8, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo auto is a good product. I took it on a 8 road trip and it entertained me with the games you could play, it impressed me how easy it is to change songs, and it was well worth the money.There are some downfalls. One thing is that when using it for directions it only makes a noise to signal your next direction. Why doesn't it read out the next direction like regular GPS? Another downfall is that the app gets stuck open on my iPhone. Usually I could swipe up on any up to close it. But when I swipe up to close Alexa and lock my phone, the app still shows my last paused song on Alexa. Another downfall is that sometimes the games get cut off and it does not continue after the signal is back. It should remember the song. Last downfall is that there are numerous times that it doesn't hear me say the trigger word. Maybe the microphone is not as high quality as it should. I find myself yelling Alexa so loud and it still doesn't hear me. Not good.Overall I like the product and I was so excited to bring it on my road trip. I'm satisfied with Echo Auto, but it needs some improvement.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device on the whole works flawlessly. Its Archilles's heel, though, is Bluetooth -- its a clunky point to point standard that doesn't take kindly to interlopers so its always a struggle to get my phone, the car and the Echo to communicate (often the phone grabs the car leaving Alexa sulking on the dash).  It might work better if the Echo Auto was a low power WiFi hotspot so communications between the phone and the Echo could be done using WiFi leaving Bluetooth just for car/Echo communication.The software works well but some things could do with improvement. Alexa doesn't have a very good idea where she is or what we're doing -- she has a general idea of where she is but to use mapping properly she needs to know more than the general area.I use the Echo in a very challenging audio environment. Its used in a Toyota Solara, essentially a convertible Camry, and Alexa lives in a storage cubby below the dash. Despite this the actual voice recognition seems to work flawlessly regardless of whether the top is up or down (although if you want to work her with the top down you do need the windows up to reduce wind noise).	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	es buena, pero la voz es algo robótica al momento no se si existe un update para esto, también por el sonido de la musical del carro a veces cuesta que escuche cuando le hablas.  la compre después del echo dot 4ta generación así que tal vez tenia alta expectativa.esta bien si cumple pero no es tan bueno como el echo dot.-depende 100% de los datos del teléfono, si tienes canciones descargadas en tu teléfono con Spotify pero no hay datos no va a buscar la canción.	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had to call support when trying to set this up. Amazon support sent me a replacement. I am not sure why this happens sometimes, but sometimes Alexa will not connect right away, but eventually it will and it works great.	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No matter what I do, if I want to hear over the heat or sound of the road, other people have to listen to themselves echo. So no one will stay on the phone. Ironic right?	2	September 20, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It just doesn’t work very well consistently.	2	October 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In short, this system provides you with top notch microphone that integrates with tour phone and a really good Bluetooth receiver (if you need to plug into an Aux port)You need to use the Alexa app on your phone (which, if you have to do that, the. It’s “complicated” to figure out what else the device is doing besides being a microphone...)There’s also...  cables...  the device is supposed to go on the dash (it would not “clip” on any of my Jeep’s vents, but it does sit nicely on the dash) but it needs to be connected to power and, in my case, to the Aux port of my ancient Jeep..The multidirectional microphone dies however work wonders (compared to my iPhone’s native mic) while on the road at highway speeds in a soft top...  which is saying quite a lot...It also generally plays nicely with the other apps on the phone (Waze can run in background and integrates with sound from Alexa app as expected, as does playing music or podcasts from then phone instead of the Alexa app...)It also needs to be regularly unplugged lest it drain your battery (or maintain a vampire/like hold on your phone, at least while close enough to connect)	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to like this, I really did, but it seriously is supposed to make life easier and all it does is make me mad.For one, I have selected over and over again in the Amazon Music app to not auto play music, and when I request a solo song it plays a playlist after anyways, leaving zero user control. May be time to check out Spotify instead.As for the echo itself:“I’m having trouble connecting to the network-k. Please try again later”You have no idea how tired you’re going to get of hearing that.  And yes, the double “k” was intentional because this thing seems to trip over itself and stutter.For a device that prides itself on speech recognition, leaves a lot to be desired.  I’ll ask for it to play a song by Halocene and it will let me know it doesn’t have that song by Halsey, but will play more music by Halsey.Alexa. Have I ever once, in all of space and time asked to play Halsey ever?I also don’t dig it’s announcements.  If you ask it to play a song, it will tell you it’s about to play that song, who it’s by and finish with “on Amazon music”.Cool. Don’t need an entire paragraph. How about just be quiet and play the song? Or at least let us disable this feature.Basically trash. When it is working and not searching for a network, or just having that blue line going back and forth out of confusion, it feels the need to speak loudly and annoyingly.Better off to just set up a playlist before you go and throw this thing in the trash.	1	July 19, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Every time I ask her something, she always says: “I’m having trouble connecting…” So it’s been useless for me. 🙄😕	3	May 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it's pretty cool but I find myself trying to reconnect and sync it more than I'd like to.	3	May 10, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For giving voice commands to turn off all the crap we forgot when we left the house, this is awesome.As an Echo device, it does what it says and it does it well.However, if your data plan isn't generous, using it to listen to NPR instead of the radio seems a bad idea.Unless you live in the country where you leave the doors unlocked and the key under the visor, crooks sweep the streets every week looking for unlocked doors and stuff they can see in the cab.  So mine gets stuffed into the glove box and only comes out if I really think I'm gonna use it, lest crooks grab it on the day I forget to lock the doors (it happens to everybody).So, it sees limited use because of crime.  If the Echo came as a replacement car stereo, I'd consider it (nobody steals stereos anymore).  At $25 for the pre-sale, this was a worthy experiment, but not at $50.  If Echo came as a robot with guns, I'd be very happy to leave it in the open inside my car, knowing it would murder would be thieves and maybe even clean up after. City life sucks.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2005 Honda Civic LX. I have refrained from buying a Bluetooth fm transmitter because I didn’t want to have to scroll through my phone while driving to listen to music. I was excited when I saw the Echo Auto for sale. I was under the impression that it was an FM transmitter with Alexa capabilities. It was entirely Bluetooth, and I don’t have to scroll through my phone while driving to use it? I thought it was a great product. I bought it and waited excitedly for the delivery.When I got it, I read the instruction booklet and it seemed straightforward. It even came with an auxiliary chord in case you want to plug your phone directly in. I went in my car to set it up, and while I was scrolling through the device setup on the Alexa app, I realized that the auxiliary chord that came with the device wasn’t for your phone. It was for your car. You’re supposed to plug the chord from the Echo device into the aux port of your car.I will remind you: I OWN A 2005 HONDA CIVIC!!! They don’t have aux ports. No where in the advertising was this made clear, nor was it made clear in the instruction booklet. If I have an auxiliary port, I wouldn’t have bought this product. I have an iPhone. I could just as easily have Siri play my music while my phone was plugged in through the aux chord.What the hell is this device supposed to solve? It’s just a glorified aux chord that leaves wires dangling in front of your stereo and climate control systems. Not to mention it mounts using the vents, which is ridiculous, considering the vent would probably tilt forward repeatedly as I drove due to the unbalanced weight.I really thought Amazon came through with an excellent product, but unfortunately, it let a lot to be desired, and it left this customer disappointed.	1	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not able to connect without  phone though my car has bt capability and have internet	3	May 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I ordered this back when its creation had just been announced and I was put on the queue to receive it at some date in the future.  A year later when it arrived it sat on the shelf for a while and then I decided to install it after buying my new car. After installation and playing with it a bit and using it over the course of a few days I can honestly say ""it works""... but unfortunately it does not work consistently. My phone's bluetooth is always on so once I start my car and the unit powers up, I would expect an automatic handshake and for it to start working. Not always the case. And even when it is working sometimes stops working: ""no connection"".  I live in the DC area and there are no shortage of cell towers, I always have a signal. Amazon, this product has a lot of potential, please work on it so that it sees that potential."	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have two Echo Dots at home which I love and make a lot of use of and loved the idea of having Alexa in my car.  The problem is with the Echo Auto's ability, or lack thereof, to connect with my iPhone.  It usually requires at least one disconnect/reconnect from the power adapter before it establishes a solid connection with my phone.  Having the Alexa app open beforehand speeds the process up somewhat.  Once it connects it can then access the internet and for the most part remains connected at which point I can stop screaming at Alexa and all is good.My other complaint is that I have to switch over to my Bluetooth connection on my car's stereo in order to interact with Alexa despite the fact that I can wake Alexa while in FM mode (I see the blue light come on as if waiting for a command) but it isn't possible to get a response without switching over to the Bluetooth input via the selector on my car's stereo system.For the $25 I paid for it via special invitation (which I waited a whole year for) I'll make the best of this device and hope future firmware upgrades improve it's functionality.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very disappointed. I got this on prime day for half off and it’s garbage. It is constantly telling me it is not in network and only works like 20% of the time in the car. I get very frustrated asking to play songs or one of my playlists and either nothing happens or Alexa says not in network.	2	August 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes she works, sometimes she doesn’t. She’s very slow compared to other in-home echo devices. I realized quickly if you say “Alexa” and start talking right away, she’ll ignore what you’re saying or say she “doesn’t know that one”. You’re better off saying “Alexa” then waiting for the little beep to proceed. Additionally, she wasn’t the greatest with telling me what city we were in. She kept saying my home city, even though my location was on and active for her. Lastly, I think she needs some time between being in a driveway connected to wifi, then leaving the driveway to connect to cellular. It’s not an instant and flawless connectivity as I would like it to be. I feel some upgrades are needed and more kinks need to be worked out, but can’t complain for the price I paid.	3	June 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Given the right situation I think this can be a very useful product. For me it has been really nice to get my phone audio to my car stereo without having to unplug and plug in an audio cable (my car doesn't have bluetooth connection).Most of the time the bluetooth connection works without any issue. The exception seems to be if I take my phone away briefly. For example if I run into a store for 5 minutes and then come back to the car the connection isn't always reestablished.I would really like to change the activation word. For my other devices I use computer and I find myself trying to use that activation word out of habit.Overall the commands seem to be easy to use. I have run into problems trying to use Stitcher for podcasts. It frequently can't seem to get the podcast that I want, and doesn't seem to have a way of letting me know what podcasts I have downloaded.It would also be nice to have some basic functions when out of cell range. Some of my drive takes me out of range, and I am unable to do things like start a playlist that I have downloaded to my phone.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I tried to like this device (I have a LOT of Echo Show and other Echo devices all over my home) but in the end I removed it and put it away.  I found my Samsung S10+ phone with the Alexa app and connected via bluetooth to my car radio could do everything I wanted and even more (I can make a video ""drop in"" to my wife on my cell phone but not with the Echo Auto - only audio).  If you park where it is very hot they recommend you take it down and get it out of the heat.  If you have a car that makes noise (like a car with a loud set of exhaust pipes) the Alexa Auto can't hear anything you are saying. My phone worked better.  I don't know if Sirus XM was having problems or what, but I couldn't get Alexa Auto to play Sirus XM.  It kept dropping the station.  When getting into the car I had to plug in the 12v adapter into my lighter plug each time.  Overall it was just a lot of extra work that didn't get me anything more than my cell phone could do."	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Set-up was easy although initially it regularly lost its Bluetooth connection.  Much better now.  This may have been an IOS 13 beta issue rather than Echo Auto.  It seems to be fine now.My is, and why I say not ready for prime time, is that the device is little more than something to ensure you keep your phone hands-free when driving. Yes it will do regular Alexa chores but the use currently seems a bit limited in the car.  If you have a car with Google or Apple car play, the Echo Auto doesn't offer much.  It offers a bit more value if your car doesn't have these features.The vent mount may be fine for some cars but for mine, using the vent mount does an excellent job of blocking my built in GPS and multimedia console.  Still it does come with a magnetic mat that can to used to attach the device to your desk or some other spot of your choice.I wound up mounting it on the rear console vent for my backseat drivers.Hoping that Amazon will continue to develop and add new features to Echo Auto.  Although not perfect the price makes it affordable.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have always enjoyed my Amazon Echo home version. And  I have had Echo Auto for more than a year now. I really enjoy having the same convenience of listening to whatever I want in my car like I have had in my home. However while the Echo home version connects though your WiFi with little to no issues, the Echo Auto has to connect through an Alexa app that you need to download onto your mobile phone with many issues. Issues like losing connection with the Alexa app on your mobile device, which occurs quite often, and not being able to connect unless you shut it down and try to reconnect. Which isn't easy or recommended to try and do if you are driving. Hopefully Amazon improves their app to help Echo Auto's connection issues. But until they do I will stick with my 3 star rating.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pros:- I really like the hands-free ability to use Alexa.  So, that is a winner.- setup was easy (I haven't had the setup/connection problems reported by others, but my car has bluetooth)- vent clip works nicely- Alexa always hears meCons:- the volume is way, way too low...not sure why.  Have to turn my radio way up (or fumble with my phone to turn up volume, which negates the whole 'hands free' thing)- the little cord-keeper is attached with adhesive and immediately came loose...totally useless- (a general Alexa/Amazon Music complaint) any time I connect to a device, it automatically starts playing whatever I was playing the last time I connected to a device...very irritating, have not figured out how to turn it off- (a by product of not being integrated with car audio) I frequently will ask Alexa something, then realize that I'm listening to XM or FM, so can't hear her response...must remember to go back to 'media'- (another general Amazon Music complaint) still working on figuring out how to tell Alexa to play music downloaded to my phone rather than pulling over cell signal (ramping up data usage)	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First of all, I really like this device. It accesses my audiobooks and music, and initiates google searches with ease. However, if you often use your phone to make calls in the car beware. This device picks up background noise when mounted with the included mounting system to the extent that conversing becomes nearly impossible; this can be somewhat remedied by setting it on a cushion of some sort in the passenger seat, but this is not ideal. It also causes the caller's voice to echo back into the phone. Lastly, it occasionally (maybe once or twice a week) stops responding to voice commands and must be unplugged and restarted.In conclusion, if you are looking for a device to make calls that is easy to use and responds well my advice would be to wait a few months until they update the system and fix some of the more glaring issues. I do believe, though, that, someday, the Echo Auto will be a wonderful device.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've had this for a while now, having been invited to be one of the early buyers. I was super excited about it because our family van doesn't have Bluetooth. It has been okay. The setup wasn't as bad for me as it was for some of the other reviewers, and I don't have trouble with it staying connected. I like the idea of it connecting through my phone; I just wish it worked better. Sometimes Alexa just can't handle the instructions I'm giving her (directions, play podcast, audible, etc.), and then I have to do the thing on my phone, nullifying the handsfree benefit. It's also really irritating that it won't connect to my Spotify through my phone, for some odd reason. When I open Spotify on my phone and play something, it plays through the van's speakers, but she won't do it for me.I don't regret buying this, and I use it all of the time. I wish it worked better. Also, why it doesn't just mount directly into the auxiliary power outlet is a mystery to me. Why the cord? I don't need Alexa on my vents or dashboard--seeing her is way less important than hearing her. Additionally, that vent clip is worthless.	3	November 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I first bought this a year and a half ago I had some minor connection problems that seemed to work itself out. When I started my car my phone would connect and I could do things like open maps, Spotify, make calls, etc without having to take my phone out of my pocket. But recently (after the Alexa app updated) it only connects consistently if I also have the alexa app open on my phone. I don't like that because now I can't have google maps full screen or have Spotify full screen. Besides using Alexa to bluetooth to my phone for the stereo is it pretty useless. Most of the time if I ask it do anything it might respond but never actually open an app. Ill tell it to resume Spotify and it says ok, and 10 minutes later nothing happens, maps does the same thing.- Amazon support called me 3 hours after I posted this to help troubleshoot!	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is an always on microphone to the Alexa app on your phone, turning the combination of Auto Alexa and your phone into an echo dot. It can do what an echo dot can do in your home and nothing more.  For me, that was not enough to justify the price for how I use it in my car.I listen to Audible frequently in the car.  Using Alexa auto worked through the Alexa app and played the audiobook from the cloud instead of my phone - using data unnecessarily.  The voice commands to back up or go to a chapter were clunky.  So, just starting the Audible app on my phone and playing a downloaded audiobook proved a better solution.I was hoping I could use it for voice commands for navigation.  However, a voice command to 'take me to XXXX'  opened the Google maps app on my phone, but I then needed to hands on start navigation on the phone.  So, again not enough value for the price.I had no trouble connecting to my vehicle's Bluetooth or my phone.  Bottom line: I probably would have kept it for $9.99.  Since it was more than that, I returned it.	3	October 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I couldn’t wait to get this! Now not that I’m tech savvy but I do read directions. So everything was fine until trying to hook up to Bluetooth. After 3 hours, one hour on the phone with customer service which we all know is hell. Still couldn’t get it to work. Ok so got up the next day bright eyed and bushy tailed tried it again. Nope! So when all else fails? Call a techy friend! My friend David had it working in less than 5 minutes!! So just a few things. Amazon needs to figure out a way not to have these wires hanging all over. I taped them together so at least it doesn’t look sloppy. Then I through out the air vent clip which is useless and ordered that sticky square thing on Amazon. The thing is great! Sticks on the dashboard! It is a great invention I wish I thought of it! So we’re getting neater. Then Ford has to give me more space between my seats and I’ll be happy. Hey! I’m easy to please. The real test will be when I’m driving a while let’s see how long it takes for Alexa to crap out.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a great product when it connects and works. First off, I didn’t like the vent mounting bracket. So I took some of the double sided Velcro tape and found an inconspicuous spot to hide it by the power port. So now it’s out of the way but can still hear me fine and the cables aren’t everywhere. Second, it was easy to setup just like any of the other Alexa devices. The only problem is that it likes to disconnect….a lot. After many many times of reconnecting and setting up I finally found out that if I just unplug the device from the usb power side and give it 5-10 seconds and plug it back in, it magically connects with no issues and no setting it up again. It’s something that shouldn’t need to be done but easier than trying to find the device and reconnect it. Other than that it works fine. I love telling her what I want to listen to while keeping my hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. Kids love it too.	2	January 11, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I installed the echo auto in my car that my wife and I both drive. It ended up being too much if a headache because she has an older iPhone and I have a pixel 3. My phone apparently connects to both the car Bluetooth and echo auto over Bluetooth at the same time and works some sort of wizardry. For my wife's phone, she connects to the echo auto with Bluetooth and then that connects to our car with an aux cable.Every time one of us gets in the car we have to fiddle around with the echo to get it properly set up, so we generally don't bother on quick trips to the store and now the echo auto just lives in the glove box.I really wanted to like this and thought it would add convenient functionality. Unfortunately it's really inconvenient to get that convenience in our case. If you don't share a car like my wife and I do, this might be a nice device for you.	3	August 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It is nice, but some things bug me.  Whenever I connect  to it in the car it ALWAYS starts playing the same song and I have to keep say ""Alexa, stop music!"" several times until is stops. Also, it drops a lot around here because of the hills and trees.  It isn't so good on understanding when I ask for a certain song to play.  I will ask for a specif song by a specific artist and it will play something entirely different.  If I ask it to shuffle one of my playlists it works okay.  Not so much for a specific song.  I keep hoping that one day I will get in the car and find out that they downloaded an update to it so that it works as intended."	3	June 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ok, where do I start.  I wish this were as good as it could be.  But it's not.  Yet.1) It takes to long to sync with my phone in the morning.  So I can't ask it to close the garage door when I leave (although I can yell it out the window to the echo in the garage...)It has a speaker, but only uses it in very rare occasions - which is bad.  I don't want to have my car stereo (with satellite radio and lots of local stations, etc. only on Media mode.  It would be nice if it could sense if sound was coming from the car speakers and, if not, use it's internal speaker.The mount is nice, but falls more often than I would like.It occasionally has to be manually reconnected with my phone - so I have to run the alexa app, remove it, then re-add it.  And I usually figure this out once I have started driving..... :(Anyway, it's a great first attempt.  I am sure they will get it down (actually, I am hoping for an upgrade that will fix the problems....)Otherwise, it's a great unit.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I waited so long to receive this and was disappointed. Installed in 2018 Subaru Outback using Apple iPhone XS Max. The Subaru system which has its own disappointing voice system used with my phone doesn’t work well so I chose this as an option. I also have apple CarPlay baked into my Harmon Kardon head unit. I wanted this to work more seamlessly with my Spotify account, contacts and Sirus XM, as well as managing text messages better. It sadly failed at it all, Alexa was consistently offline, unable to use my phones data to answer simple questions about the weather or even where the nearest gas station is which always sent me miles and miles away. Pairing would occur once the car started but then the Alexa would consistently go into a loop of unending loop backs of confusion trying to connect or answer that’s if it even responded to the cue of waking up. I would restart the Alexa app and that would only make more problems, and when everything seemed to work fine it then would quickly loose that especially when turning the car off. I would go to the grocery store, then when returning to the car it wouldn’t pair I would open the app and need to confirm that I was a passenger as I sat in the parking lot waiting to connect. I don’t have time to deal with that every single time when I go on errands. Overall there needs to be substantial improvements in firmware and software updates to even consider using this again. Sad when my homes Alexa devices work so well. I think amazon has great innovations but they fail to connect and make a device that meets the real world needs of those intended to use it.	2	October 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	She is not fully functional at times!	3	June 2, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"EDIT:  After living with this for more than 2 years, I am changing my review.  Horrible.  Absolutely horrible.  It's almost like it has gotten worse the longer I've had it.  If you like repeating yourself multiple times,  being ignored or hearing about lost connections to the internet, this is the device for you.  And yes the device hears me, but refuses to acknowledge it.  I'm so frustrated with it that I've decided to stop using it.I own a older Subaru Forester with no smart technology on it at all.I was invited to purchase an Alexa Auto prior to the release last year.  I opted not to buy one because I kept hearing from the earlier reviews that ""it doesn't do anything that a cellphone couldn't do.""  So I installed Android Auto on my phone and tried that for several months.  It was a complete disaster.  Android Auto would often stop responding to my voice commands which required me to reset my phone while driving.  When Android Auto did work,  most of the time it wouldn't hear me, which required me to sometimes yell the commands in triplicate (I'm not kidding here).  The phone itself was mounted on my dash vent not too far from my face, so it wasn't an issue with distance.  I even tried a new case on my phone, thinking that it might work better (maybe the case was interfering with the microphone?), but to no avail.  This all became very frustrating and I ended up deleting Android Auto from my phone and wishing I had tried the Echo Auto.I ended up purchasing an Echo Auto on sale at Best Buy and installed it the next day.  I couldn't believe how much better it worked.  Having 8 microphones means that it can hear you even with the windows down and music playing.  I wish I would have purchased it earlier.  If you have an older car without smart technology,  but you have a AUX input, I highly recommend the Echo Auto.  Installation was easy, and so far it's exceeded my expectations."	1	April 18, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really wanted this product.  I was on the waitlist for an invitation to the Echo Auto for almost a year.  I have a 2010 Dodge Grand Caravan that has an aux in port, and bluetooth for calls only, but no way to stream music.  I would have just replaced the radio with one that supports bluetooth, but the built-in one has a hard drive to store music and is an unusual size, encouraging me to keep it.  Enter the Echo Auto - based on the description, it solves all my problems.  Mount it in the car, connect to the aux port, and I can voice control music, maps and more. I was SO excited.Except it can't do those things.  At least, not well.  By far, my biggest complaint is the 8 ""far field"" microphones in the unit.  They hear nothing.  I mounted the unit on my car vent per the instructions, and the flow of air out of the vent and over the device (even on the lowest setting) confuses the device to the point it can no longer understand instructions. ""Alexa..."" goes unanswered, as the assistant is unable to hear me even sitting at a standstill if any air is flowing through the vents.  In addition, the mount isn't adjustable, nor is the unit, meaning it will be in the positive Amazon decided regardless of how your car is built.  If I could tilt mine to face me, I bet that would solve the voice recognition issues- but I can't.  Finally, the wire management is poor and can be annoying.I wanted to like this device so much.  I still want to.  I want it to do what it says.  But right now, it doesn't."	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice integration works pretty well, but the Alexa integration is problematic due to it dropping the bluetooth connection from time to time for no reason. Initial power up takes several minutes for it to actually connect and be available. Sound quality is good, but has low volume. I need to turn up my stereo up to about 90%. I am disappointed that the song and artist title does not show up on my car stereo.  I am happy that is does not really chew up my data plan. I rest the unit on my Tacoma steering wheel and route the power to the Tacoma USB for a pretty clean solution. After I am out of the truck, the Alexa app that shows what is/was playing keeps running on my S8+ phone and I cannot kill it unless I restart my phone. All in all if you can get it for $20, do it as it is a good extension to your Alexa home.	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Yet another device that I have to plug in to the car. Is it worth it? No. My iphone already connects to the car. I already can talk to siri. What do I gain with Alexa? Maybe a better interface but now I have this extra box that it keeps forgetting to connect every time I start the car. It is a bit slow. I guess this is good if you car is not smart at all. But all cars now have bluetooth and my iphone connect immediately. Alexa is slower. Yes it provides better answers that Siri. Yes I like that interfaces with Waze. I love that I can just ask and she answers. But most of the time the voice recognition is terrible.  worst than home version. Yes there is more noise in my car. but Im closer to the device. Will I continue to use it? Maybe for long rides. How about 2 Iphones in the car?  well that is when hell breaks loose. one phone connects to the bluetooth of  the car, the other to alexa nothing works. have to disconnect one phone then it starts working. No an easy task to get it all in sync.	3	November 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What it does well: plays music, provides basic information like weather, news, business hours.What it doesn't do well: navigate, stay connected, be actually consistently hands free.Echo Auto will not stay connected once your car is off and you're out of it.  You'll need to set it up every time you get in your car.  It also doesn't reliably stay connected once you've gone through the setup routine...again...and are driving.  Being told to unlock your phone and open the Alexa app while you're driving negates the hands-free functionality.  Which is the whole point of the device, after all.  I have hope that, like other Echo devices, the Echo Auto will improve with time and feedback.  I will continue to try it from time to time to see if this is the case, but for now, my in-car system and Apple CarPlay will remain my go-to for navigation, music, audiobooks, and podcasts.  I don't regret purchasing it at the introductory price, but if I paid full price, I'd probably be miffed enough to return it.For $25, it's not bad...but it's not great.  For $50, If say save your money, and wait & see if it gets better.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	after using, and trying to love, this device for some months now - we have Echo's around the house and use them every day - I 'm sad to say that this device is now sitting in the glove box.I had hoped it would become - as promised - a true hands-free solution to help keep eyes on the road and fingers away from my phone ... but it falls short in many typical every day scenarios.Now, sure, not all of this is the fault of Amazon or the Echo/Alexa combination itself, but to launch something into that space which is so limited was a mistake as it hurts perception of the device.It does a passable job of accessing music via Spotify, and responds as well as the in-home units to simple questions (though Alexa is much less adept at getting the right answer than Google Home) but ... that's about it, and for the car experience that simply isn't good enough.If it can't integrate with Waze and let me select a destination, choose route options (eg pick the second suggested route), or report incidents then it's failing in a key area.If it can't let me send (or reply to) messages via my preferred IM client (in this case Telegram for my family, but for some contacts I might want to use Facebook Messenger or others) then it's falling short.The hardware itself is very good - the ability for the microphones to pick up speech accurately in our SUV (fair amount of engine and road noise) is impressive, and if it could be used as a simple microphone to augment the phones own capabilities I'd actually have been happy with what I paid for it ... but it doesn't offer an option for that, hence its 'early retirement'I'll keep it in the car in the hope that there will be improvements in the software and I have a reason to plug it in again. I'd actually love to see Amazon partner with someone like Pioneer and start adding native Alexa capabilities to aftermarket headunits to supplement Android Auto/Apple CarPlay but for now it feels like a rushed experiment which has been abandoned in the rush to widen the portfolio rather than the trailblazer that the original Echo was	1	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like a lot of other people I'm more than disappointed at the way Amazon bungled the roll out so that probably cost them a star.I had no issues with set up or implementation but Alexa just doesn't have any trick skills for the car yet. Even navigation by voice is very clunky, but I expect that will improve dramatically soon.I have a total Alexa household so the EA fit right in. I had a Roav Viva which I happily retired so I'm already used to being mobile with Alexa.I took advantage of a second invite so now I have two for the price of one.I bought a second for my wifes car that came with the vent mount. Because of the way it's angled I can't see the light so no clue if she's listening unless I have music on and it mutes. That makes it difficult to use. I would rather have the original dash mount so I can relocate it.One real aggravation is that when I start my truck in the driveway it pairs to my WiFi until I'm far enough away and then it takes awhile to reconnect to 4G. I would like the EA to totally ignore wifi.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like the convenience of having Alexa so was excited to have it in my car.  I do not live in an area with very good cell service so cannot use it when driving locally and when I get to service area I haven't got it plugged in.  ☹️.  I like it on trips but most of my travels are in and out of service areas.  So when in service area I like it!  I can listen to music I want and add items to my lists!  I do have troubles at times, that it seems I need to set it up every time I start my vehicle.  But that may be due to service areas and service strength.  And I wish It didn’t have to have so many wires.  I purchased the vent clip as I didn’t want to glue the mount to my dashboard, and it doesn't fit my vent very sturdily.  But makes it simple to tuck away when I am not able to use it or don’t want it visible to all.  All in all it is a fun gadget, but I don't get to use it as much as I had hoped.	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This device has a ton of potential so let me start with what it does well.  Voice recognition is good considering the ambient noise while driving in a car.  Saying ""Alexa"" then issuing a command is much safer than pressing a button to control a device or issue a command.  I can send announcements to all other echo devices in my home while driving which is handy.  I can drop in on a specific echo device while driving, however, the devices in my home can't drop-in on my echo auto which is unfortunate.  I can't even rename my echo auto device to ""Dad's Car"" so my kids can drop in on it.  The biggest problem with this device, in my opinion, is that it doesn't come with an Android / Apple Car app.  It tries to send directions to Apple maps but fails.  It tries to play music on connected music service apps but it doesn't work reliably enough.  If Amazon makes an app specifically to make driving while listening to music a great user experience then this device will be as successful as their other echo devices, otherwise, I think it will fade out into a small niche market."	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Wow! I never dreamed that I’d leave a bad review for anything Amazon…….but here it is. First ofc let me start by saying that Alexa and I are not friends! We merely come-exist. 75% of the time Alexa works fine (any of our 5-6 echo devices) but it’s that other 25% that makes me loose my cool aid! Like when “she” tells me I don’t have prime music or Apple Music randomly so she can’t or won’t play my song. Or even after a command that has worked perfectly a thousand times, is suddenly the only thing in the English language “she” can’t understand!! Or how about when you’re just having z as pleasant conversation with your wife and for no apparent reason, Alexa joins in and r  as miles off some random fact that has nothing to do with the conversation….not to mention there was never a trigger word spoken nor one that rhymed or even sounded similar/could be confused for or in my view, should/could’ve triggered “her” to pipe up in the first place! Now before you go pointing at my foil hat, just think about it! I didn’t put 2%…..I put 25%……and that’s for a reason! That said, Amazon is my go-to for most everything. I bought the echo auto for my wife thinking she would enjoy it in the car (and she was stoked!) but the problem was that it’s only ever worked one single time! We’ve both tried numerous times and in different places/vehicles with no luck. Maybe we just got a dud? Who knows? Will be returning!	1	December 23, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It really is just okay. If you don't have BT connectivity on your radio in your car, you're still connecting via cable plus the output cable. So you actually have one more cable to mess with than if you just connected your phone with the usb cable to your car stereo. The initial set up was easy enough, but on subsequent uses we had to pair again with the phone a second and third time. It seems to finally be working consistently. If you move from one car to another you have to re-pair and it seems to confuse the device.If you have a lot of road noise (like the windows down or convertible car) you'll find yourself raising your voice to get Alexa to listen.The vent clip has something to be desired. I would much rather have a non-slip pad to put it on the dash of my car. It blocks the whole vent and doesn't look visually appealing.I was excited about it and I think there is promise, but we've found most of the time, it's just easier to use the usb cable and plug your phone in if you don't already have BT enabled radio in your vehicle.	3	October 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the ability to communicate with voice commands, but dislike the slight delay on the request.	3	May 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have 6 echo dots in my home that I absolutely love, so I thought I'd give the auto a try. The setup was simple and straight forward. The connectivity is about what I'd expect, because my cell phone service isn't always the best. The sound comes clearly through my car speakers via bluetooth. My 2 issues are...1. I dislike the airvent mount. It's awkward stringing the power cord from the air vent to the power port. It manages to come loose and fall off at least once a week. Since the bottom is magnetic, I'd much prefer some sort of magnetic mount that I could stick on my dash or closer to the power port. This isn't a complete deal breaker for me though. 2. It only recognizes what I'm saying about 50% of the time. I'm not sure if it's because of the need to be placed on an air vent and it's affecting the ""hearing"" or what. My dots all recognize what I'm saying about 95% of the time so I was very disappointed with this. One of the reasons I got it is so I could play trivia games on my long commutes. It's extremely frustrating when I know I have the right answer and it says ""Sorry, that's not right"", and I keep repeating the same answer over and over until it finally says ""You got it! Great job!"" TBH - I just start swearing at the thing telling it I already said that 10 other times. This one is a deal breaker for me.I really wanted to like this gadget because I like my dots so much, but I definitely would not buy again."	2	January 23, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to love this.  Going from a car that had all the bells and whistles, to a car that required an AUX connection for music streaming due to not owning an Apple phone was a bit of a bummer.  When I saw this product, I was so excited!  Set up was easy once I actually read the directions, and I was on my way to hands free driving again.  The problem is, 8 out of 10 times when I ask Alexa to play a song, she says she's having a hard time connecting to the network.  It's extremely frustrating.  Several times i've had to play the songs physically on my phone to get it to connect, which makes the purpose of this device pretty pointless.  If they could get it working better, I'd be a fan.  But honestly, I'd be just as fine without it as I am with it.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to see what Echo could do on the go in the vehicle. I was left mostly disappointed. I was hoping for a product that will let me hop in my car and use Alexa much in the same way I do at home. Connectivity is clunky and inconsistent and trying to troubleshoot it every time you have a chance to stop the car misses the point of having a hands free device.I finally figured out the Alexa app on your phone must be active, leaving you to having to remember to launch the app each time you get in the car. Furthermore, if you want to use your connected Spotify account, that app must be open too. For music it doesn’t offer much more than connecting your phone directly to the stereo. (The same goes for asked no directions)I have found uses I can’t get with other tools in the car. Using Alexa skills such as trivia games made road trips more fun. News updates and weather are handy for the commute in to work.I love the Echo products made for the home, but the auto version has a long way to go to become a part of my normal driving routine.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge fan of the Amazon Echo. I own 7 or 8 of them, including a small one that I used to have in my truck that utilized an ODB2 port WiFi-cellular adapter. When I was selected to pick up this Echo, to replace the one I had in my truck already, I was thrilled! I went through the setup process, and immediately started listening to different music (Amazon based, as well as Sirius XM). It went really well! Then, I parked my truck and went inside the house. The next time I got in the truck the Echo wasn’t connected to my phone - So - unplug it and plug it back in. Solved. Then, the app was disconnected from the echo. Open the app, re-register, etc - Solved. Then, It couldn’t reach Sirius XM.... You can see where this is going....I have to do the power process almost every time I get in my truck. I have to reconnect Sirius to the Echo app about once a month. And, frankly, asking Alexa to play Sirius XM only works about half the time.I would probably buy it again, but I don’t think it’s nearly ready for prime time.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Gonna be honest. Your iPhone and Siri can do a much better job than this device (Hey Google for Android, and Cortana for MS phones).  Having that said- you can stop reading- all that follows are my reasons to back up my statement.  Here's my official review.  I own A LOT of Alexa devices.  I have the Original Echo 1st Gen (That I still use) a few Dots (1st Gen) and several Dots (2nd Gen)  I have a Show (2nd Gen) and a Show 5.  So i'm a fanboy of Alexa.  I was REALLY looking forward to this device.  I will hand it to Amazon for how they marketed this.  They created such a pseudo-demand for it by ""selecting"" a number of invitees to purchase before the main release.  I was one of the unfortunate ones- so I had to wait.  It finally dropped- I bought it.  Installed it.  And was disappointed.  First off.  Aesthetics.  While the device itself looks very nice and cool.  The cords are a nuisance and a serious eyesore.  There is almost no clean way to install this.  I'm a geek.  I have an Acura with a Tech package.  Everything looks sleek and clean.  I even have a dash Cam that looks virtually invisible.  This thing- my god.  It's just a plain eyesore. Ask it to navigate to somewhere- it's horrible.  I got this to be more ""Hand free"".  This thing tells me to unlock my phone, go to the Alexa app, and then go from there.  I can just ask Siri to navigate to the nearest Dunkin Doughnuts and siri does it with almost a Ninja like reflex.  So I won't be using this for navigation.  SO then, I thought- Maybe with the Mic array I would get clearer hands free call.  Nope.  Doesn't even use them.  It uses the vehicle's mic.  Save your money....Just use Siri or Google (Or Cortana)  The only thing this thing does WELL is play my Amazon music.  Guess what- You can just use the Amazon Music app too (AND it has an Alexa voice activated control when the app is open) Sorry Amazon...I wanted to like this.  I REALLY wanted to like this."	1	October 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The idea is cool but the device has a few flaws1- the device doesn’t connect to the vehicle, it connects to your phone, which defeats the purpose of having the device in the car because for that, I can just use my phone2- wifi connectivity The device should connect to my vehicles hotspot, then I can connect to my account via the Alexa app and then use the Bluetooth in the vehicle, just like with the echo dot for exampleInstead, the device is plugged into my car, but connected to my phone via Bluetooth which uses up my phone battery moreWhat if I leave my phone home, it makes the device a paper weightCool concept but still need to work out the kinks	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted the Echo Auto so much! Kept hoping for an invite to purchase when it first came out. Wasn't too bad at first but as time went on connecting has become worse and worse. I  love requesting my favorite song as I'm driving around. It will work for a minute or 2 then just quit. When you request a repeat on song you're enjoying,it says it doesn't understand, about half the time. Last year when they were on Black Friday sale i was dumb enough to but another thinking it had improved.... No! Most of the time I never use now... Disappointed	3	October 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A mixed bag that needs refining.  On the plus side, it's nice to have the Echo in the car ... you never know when it will come in handy.  It integrates with the app really well, I can control my smart devices at home from my car just by speaking to it.On the minus side, the voice recognition is iffy (I recently tried 5 TIMES to get the thing to navigate somewhere, but it refused to cooperate.  So I hit the button on my phone to talk to it directly and it worked immediately, so I don't think there could have been an issue with background noise.  And there's just been too many other times that it just won't respond properly to various voice commands.  And - this is a big deal to me - I have the Echo Auto's volume maxed and I have to turn my car's radio to 25 just to hear it, and I listen to the car radio on 8 or 9 most of the time.  So it gets old having to adjust the volume every time I want to use it.  Or forgetting to change the volume and then not being able to hear the Echo or getting BLASTED by my car stereo when the music kicks back in.I think this has real potential and maybe the Echo Auto 2.0 will be better.  For now, I'm just glad I only paid $20 around Prime Day.  At the full price of $50, I would have just sent it back.Update, 90(ish) days in: No improvement in any of the above areas (was hoping there might be a software update), but now the included vent clip has become totally useless.  Fortunately there's a little cubby in my dash where it can sit.  Can't recommend it to anyone … unless it's somehow free, then you might get your money's worth.	1	November 1, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Wow. I'm so special. I looked this thing up and BAM I had an invitation waiting for me. What a time to be alive. I'm an Amazon Superstar! I'm finally gonna have Echo Auto! So cool!Well, I've had this guy for about 2 months, and it's been so weird to have.My garage door opener is a smart opener, so whenever I'm about one block away from my house, I say ""Alexa"" and then say the keyword to open the door.Since my phone is the source of music in my car, whenever I activate my Echo Auto, I wait for the music to pause. If the music pauses, I tell Echo Auto to do what I want, and it works. However, if the music doesn't pause, then this thing ain't workin.Unfortunately, Echo Auto doesn't recognize my voice most of the time, and the biggest issue is that when it does recognize my voice and the blue/green light comes on, the music doesn't pause. I can scream and shout and holler at Echo to do whatever it can, but it won't listen until that music pauses. This is because the Echo is programmed to pause the music in order to listen to what you want to tell it to do and then to then execute that command. If it doesn't pause, then it isn't really connected to the Alexa app, rendering this completely useless.I'd be okay with it if it didn't work sometimes. I have an Echo Plus at home which responds to my keyword about 80% of the time to open my garage door...this thing doesn't even connect half the time. At least I got it for 50% off through the invitation and it isn't too intrusive on my dashboard.I cannot recommend this product until Amazon fixes this issue."	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use the Auxiliary connection, which gives me access to my car speakers. Tge sound is very good, but voice recognition is frustrating sometimes. Certain names or genres tough to get because of this and directions or hands free phone calls are iffy at times.	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Mediocre performance.  Finicky to keep connected and functioning  Not using it any more, just a rather frustrating disappointment	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted like this product and I expected it to be useful in my car that doesn't have Bluetooth, but in the end, there were too many quirks to make this a really useful product.It may sound petty, but one of my biggest gripes is that you can't use any of the standard Echo wake up words except Alexa. My son's best friend's name is Alexa and it makes things very confusing. I have five other Echo products in my house and they all use the word Echo to wake up. I found it very annoying to use Alexa in the car but Echo everywhere else. Also annoying to explain to my 5 year old son that it was the same AI, just had to use a different name.I was also annoyed that I would have to switch my stereo to auxiliary to ask it questions, then back to radio for music. This is understandable, but annoying nevertheless.I could live with the previous two issues, but the deal-breaker was when I discovered streaming music through the echo auto used significantly more data than streaming with Pandora. I can't explain why, but I did a side-by-side comparison and it was enough for me to return the product.My son often asks me tricky questions as I'm bringing home from school, like how many miles is it to the Sun, how much does a blue whale weigh, or how fast can a horse run? At home our Echo is quite handy for answering these questions, so I thought having it in the car would be convenient. It just wasn't user-friendly enough.With a few more tweaks this thing could be a useful car accessory, but as it is, just not ready for prime time.	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"All-in-all, it's not too bad. It does what I want it to do.  If you like your home Alexa, you'll like your Auto Alexa.  There's really only one issue...  The voice recognition is terrible!  To be more specific, Alexa can't always translate what I say.I know how it works...  I say ""Alexa"" and wait for the beep.  Then, I say ""Shuffle songs by Post Malone"" (not that I would ever say that, but you get the idea.)  Anyway, then, Alexa sends that little soundbite of me talking to the Cloud where it gets translated into computer speak, the command is created, and is executed.  Alexa is just a fancy receiver for me to talk to and to talk to me.  However, the fact that an upload of my voice is required completely hamstrings the Auto experience.  If you're driving, some places have better cell signals than others.  If I'm in an area with a poor signal, Alexa can't even translate what I have to say, let alone actually execute it.  Thus, she sits there and does her blue light thing, and, then, just stops.  Nothing happens.Ultimately, Amazon, you need to build a better firmware that can do at least some translation without having to upload every little thing I say.  There are so many times when Alexa, essentially, can't understand me, but I can open Amazon Music and start streaming to my Post Malone.  In the end, Alexa simply needs to be able to do some of her translating locally. That's all there is to it."	2	February 19, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I dislike when it's  time to  navigate to a particular address. It always ask me for somewhere I did not say . Often have to tell it to shut up	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"While the concept is great, having Alexa in your car responding to your voice hands-free, in practice it has a lot of problems. Every time you get in and out of the car the Echo looses connection and takes a long time to reconnect. For several minutes, (I counted over 10 minutes one time) Echo Auto can not reconnect to the phone. I have tried several different phones just to be sure it was not a phone problem. I have tried leaving Echo Auto powered on while I am out of the car and powering it off, (my accessory outlet can be left powered on when when the engine is shut off). No matter what I try Echo keeps responding with ""I have lost connect to the phone"" or "" I have lost connection to the network"". I have the simplest connection possible using the Echo Auto connect to my car by Aux cable and using bluetooth only to connect Echo Auto to my phone. There is no chime or any kind of alert as to when it finally reconnects. I have to keep asking Alexa to play music and it keeps responding it has lost connection, finally after several minutes it will start playing music again. Also at seemingly random times as I am driving Alexa just won't respond. There is no ambient sound problem and nothing to interfere with Alexa hearing me, she just doesn't respond for several minutes. I'll turn down the volume to make sure it can hear me and get no response. I'll keep trying and after several minutes it will start working again. This is definitely not worth the price with all the frustration this thing causes. At $25 this is over priced, at $50 you should expect a lot more."	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had spent more time running device setup under Alexa, than enjoying the music. Once it's setup and running, it works well and the music quality is excellent. But it could work well today and the next time I get in the car it runs into connection issues. I've  had ran setup so many times that I finally got tired of the waste of time and gave up on it. Bought two of these and it has been a complete waste of money.Update 02/07/2020: Since I posted this review, an Amazon customer service rep tried to contact me, but I wasn't available. He did sent me an email later on apologizing for the issues I listed and made recommendations on how to try to solve them. I took me a while to get over the frustrations I felt previously, and day before yesterday, I decided to give this gadget another try. So far, it's working as it should or as described. I changed my rating to three stars for now, as I cannot ignore the hassle I went through last year trying using it. We'll see how long this ""good"" experience will last and post my results here."	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the product is working it's fantastic.  It does everything that the ones in my house and office does.  With that being said the problem is the connectivity.  My problem is that my car does not have Bluetooth connectivity, so I don't know if that is my problem or not.  However my phone will lose the connection every time I remove it from the car, so that when I get back in the car I have to re-connect it every time and it takes a minute or so.  It has lost its connection while I was actually driving and in that case you have to find a safe spot to pull over and try to reconnect it, but that has probably only happened 3 times since I had it.  I'm pretty tech savvy so I don't know if this is a user operator problem or a product problem.  I like the idea of the hands free operation that this device is capable of especially since the state I live in recently passes a law that we are not to touch are phones while driving.  I will gladly change my rating if the connectivity issue could be resolved.	3	November 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I enjoy it in my car. It saves me some trouble dealing with my cellphone screen being small. It tends to want to keep reminding me of what song I paused on after I've turned off the bluetooth connection, and left my car. I keep clearing the cache for Alexa and Amazon Music. It only stops after I've turned my cellphone off for a while. Some may suggest a factory reset of my phone to solve the problem, but I can't do that for unrelated reasons. My phone is a Samsung J7 Crown, and my car is a 2013 Chrysler 200 Touring. I would give it better marks if this issue didn't come up everytime I use it. I'm glad I got it during Prime Days instead of paying full price.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Easily the worst Alexa enabled device I own and the worst implementation of the technology.  I want to return this thing so badly it hurts.  It started out okay, it took no time to get my Note 8 and 2008 Mazda CX-9 and the Echo Auto all working in sync.  Alexa responded properly and things were pretty good for a short time.  Then it came time for my wife to get her phone connected and everything fell apart.  Both devices cannot be connected to the device at the same time, but the worst part is that I can't stay connected to any of the other devices including the built in bluetooth in the car and my own smart watch unless I am connected to the Echo Auto and media is playing, meaning I have to have music playing at all times for all the devices to get along.  Yes, that's what I said....  The Echo Auto knocks all other devices out until I start playing music from my phone.  I have it connected through the 3.5mm aux plug in my vehicle.  The car connects to my phone before I even get in the vehicle but if I'm not playing music or some form of media from my cellular device it closes the connection to the car and the watch until I do.  If I try to make a phone call through the car bluetooth the call is intermittent and can be dropped in seconds after the call goes through.  My watch continually beeps letting me know it lost connection with my phone, reconnects, then does it over and over again for the duration of the car ride until I start playing music or something through the Echo device,  something it never does when I'm outside my car away from the Echo Auto.  This product is a mistake and needs to be revamped or trashed.  I'm currently back in the market for another device with which to play media over my car speakers with it killing the connectivity of all other devices.  The previous device I used to accomplished this did not have this issue but was starting to get old.  Just a side note: I wish the Echo Auto had navigation buttons to switch between tracks.	1	October 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto has a built in speaker. Yet, there is no option to use the speaker as the audio output. So to use this device, you need to connect it to your car via an AUX cable or to your phone via Bluetooth. Which means each time you want to ask/tell Alexa something, you need to make sure your car’s input is set to either the AUX or Bluetooth.So you cannot be listening to the regular AM/FM radio and ask/tell Alexa something. Because the AUX or Bluetooth is not the selected input while you are on AM/FM.In my car with the radio on, to be able to use Alexa I would need to: press Menu, scroll to Select Source, scroll to Bluetooth, select my phone. I just want to say “Alexa” like I can in my house!This means you have to be streaming content through your phone (or streaming nothing, in silence) at all times to have Alexa available.I understand the built in speaker on the Echo Auto would not be good for music, and would probably be just OK for phone calls. But it is perfect for simple Alexa responses. It should be an option to select that built in speaker as an output option so you can be listening to regular radio, satellite radio, or cds and still have Alexa available.The air vent mount attached nicely to my car. However after a couple days in the car, in moderate temperatures, the cord grip popped off. It attaches with a double sided adhesive. Not the end of the world, but I expect better, or at least it should last longer before it pops off.I returned both the Echo Auto and the mount.	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've been using it for over a month now and it's really great in that I now have a device hooked into the aux port on my car that enables bluetooth support and Alexa integration.Pros:- It allows my phone to connect via bluetooth through my car's aux port so I no longer have to rely on bluetooth adapters.- Alexa integration allows for easy access to music, podcasts, and audio books.Cons- The device relies on the Alexa app on your phone for everything.  So if you drive into an area with poor connectivity, the voice recognition and various other tools become useless.- It generally takes about 3 minutes after starting my car for the device to start recognizing any commands.  Yes, I've checked that bluetooth is connected and that the Alexa app is running during that time.  No clue why it does this.- First time asking for directions as I was driving and the phone wanted me to enable notifications on my phone (while I was driving).  Would be nice to get app permissions out of the way during the setup of the device and not ask while you're in the middle of driving.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was on the list for a very long time waiting to get an invite but finally got one.  I have it set up in my 2005 Toyota Tacoma.  I plugged an auxiliary cable into the back of the radio.  I do like the way you have a vent mount now makes it easy to move if you want or need to.  The Alexa app needs some work I had to set the font at its lowest setting to see all of it on my phone now can’t read it with my tired old eyes.  It took over an hour with customer service to get it to sinc up with my  phone.  The device is only a one function at a time what I mean is on a trip I like to listen to audible books and navigate the map comes up on. My phone and the book plays but no verbal instructions just a beep.  If I plug my cell phone into the aux cable it plays books and pauses them for the verbal navigation instructions.  Over all I believe it is a good start and I know Amazon will improve it as time passes.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall this is an ok product, but it doesn’t excel at anything. Asking Alexa for the weather and other tasks that she performs outside the car usually works fine. The Bluetooth functionality is good and Alexa sounds clear in my speakers.Navigating is lacking. It can’t give me a simple answer to “how long will it take to get home?”  I need to ask to navigate home, tap the notification on my iPhone, and then look at my phone for the estimate from google maps. I wonder if Android phones let you skip any of these steps (although they probably want you to use Android Auto).Listening for the wake word “Alexa” usually picks up, but sometimes fails even if the car is in park, music off, windows closed and fans off.The last, and perhaps most irritating behavior... I start by waking Echo Auto the the word with “Alexa” and I give it a command. Then it stops listening and she says nothing. I would expect something like “I don’t understand”, but sometimes the Echo Auto says nothing at all. This happens once per day on average (with light use). I don’t experience this with my Echo or Echo Dot.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My issue is I am in the house and in the middle of the night my phone alerts me that Alexa auto connected ok fine but in the car… it says Alexa auto has lost connection with your phone when it is safe to do open the app and connect.  So it’s connected and I tell it to play my music … crickets no music ok that works in the house on other devices I reworded my request plays one or sometimes two then it is back to nothing I know it is connected because it will tell me the time I am ready to toss this out the window I just want to listen to my music with no hassle. It is so Aggravating it’s going to give me a heart attack from my blood pressure being too high	2	March 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was one of those who waited 4 months for their invite to come through.  Footprint wise it is a lot smaller than it appears online.  The device is hit or miss and has random connection problems with popular apps like Spotify.  Lately, when I tell it to ""play xyx on Spotify"", it just doesn't work at all.  Very frustrating.  The only ""fix"" for me is to open Spotify, then it starts playing.  That's dangerous if you're driving!  There should be some way for this to get auto updates; maybe it does, I don't know.  I find that I only use it for navigation, and playing music.  Amazon needs to iron out the kinks and make a 2.0 version like they do with all of their other products.  Number one request that I would have would be to somehow make it power wirelessly.  I guess that would require some type of rechargeable battery, which would add to the price and probably the overall size.  This has potential, but it seems Amazon is not too concerned about making it right.  I do not recommend this product."	3	November 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It usually tells me Amazon music is being played on another device, and if I want to opened in this device. It is really confusing. Also I don’t like that I have to place the device in front of my air vent wish it could be placed elsewhere. But we’ll I already bought it so I’m still trying to figure out if it was worth the purchase.	3	January 8, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So far the music and news skills are working great on Echo Auto. However, for the other skills, sometimes Alexa works great but other times it is hard to communicate with Alexa.For example:1- Making phone calls:  Sometimes, I can ask Alexa to make a call very easily but other times Alexa just ignores me.2- Directions: Amazon needs to work hard on improving the directions skill. When I ask Alexa to the nearest gas station, she lists 5 of them without giving me the direction. I wish that she just mentions the nearest one and offers me the direction.3- Shopping list: Asking Alexa ""what is in my shopping list"" is missed up. She gives me the first 5 items and when I ask for more she says one item and If I ask for more, she gives me another item.Also, I do not like Echo Auto Air Vent Mount that much. It does not stay on my air vent if I take a sharp turn. I wish there are other options to hold my Echo Air in my car.I will keep updating my review with time to share my good and bad experience with Echo Auto."	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This product technically does as advertised: it brings Alexa to your car. Unfortunately, it has fundamental flaws that make it more frustrating than it is useful.All your skills, home automation, everything is there just like you were at home. Asking Alexa to play a song or playlist without touching my phone while driving is great. Asking Alexa if I forgot to close the garage is awesome. When it actually works...That leads me to the first (and biggest) of the problems with this device: reliability. Any kind of tech intended to be use while driving must ""just work"" or it becomes a distraction to the driver. Unfortunately, more often than not, saying ""Alexa"" triggers a message saying to ""open the Alexa app on your phone to continue"" instead of triggering Alexa to start listening. Fumbling around to unlock your phone and launch the Alexa app while driving is exactly the opposite of what you should be doing with this device!The second main issue is that the voice calling on this device is pretty poor. Those I've called on it say I sound like I'm in a tunnel, and have trouble understand me, and / or hear themselves echoing back.Lastly, this device is terrible at handling multiple phones. I was able to find a workaround online to get it to pair with my phone and my wife's, but if we're both in the car it's up to chance which one it decides to connect to, and there's no way to tell it to switch devices.I was excited to try this new Echo, but unfortunately it's fallen flat in nearly every area, making it more of an annoyance than a useful tool."	2	November 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this as a Christmas present.  i have several Dots and Echos through out my house so the gifter thought this would be a perfect gift for me.  Sounds right and a very nice gift but what does it do for me?  The hardware is your typical good Amazon quality and they make the setup very easy.  The problem is the multi functional unit in my car has an Android computer, GPS, blue tooth, 4 camera feeds, connection to Pandora, Spotify, etc.  It shows me how my car is running, the tire pressure, and on and on.  Now my other car has the most basic radio, no blue tooth, nothing. We have iPhones and I can't see what this thing will do that the cell phones won't.  Am I missing something? I suppose I can use it at my house as another Dot.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Doesn't seem to integrate alongside my Amazon Music app I already have on my app. When I get in my auto, I say ""Alexa, play ____playlist from my music."" She starts it. Then when I open my app as soon as I get out of auto mode, it skips back to the beginning of the playlist I started.  It also doesn't always skip songs or shuffle when I request it.  Almost easier to just use my usual Amazon Music app and tap the Alexa icon to use that way instead of the device.  I haven't used many other features so I may not be the best person to review all it can do.  I'm going to try some more things and update accordingly."	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's better if you have a car that has Bluetooth I feel the older cars they don't work as well.	3	May 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This item still demands that I switch inputs in order to play Pandora.  So, the next step is a hammer and a trash bag.  Words can’t begin to express what a poor experience this product has turned out to be.———-Updating to reveal yet another annoyance with this poorly thought out device.  I have mine connect with a direct aux cable  to makesure there are no Bluetooth issues.  Suddenly the thing announces that “just so you know” audio will be played from another device that is connected by Bluetooth.  And then, nothing can be heard.  What a total waste.  Amazon?  What the hell?  Does this device ever work?  Can you please take mine away so I don’t have to look at this useless box that apparently does nothing?  I’d give it a negative star if I could.  Extremely disappointed.————Amending the review again.  Thai damn thing doesn’t work half the time.  Just says to try again “a bit later”.  Well, Amazon, if the whole point is to have to working in the car and be hands free, no thank you.  By the time the thing connects I’ll either be at my destination or possibly in an accident trying to get it to work.  Go back the drawing board while I throw my out the window the next time it gives me the message.  Waste of your time and mine.  I give up.—————Amending this review up to three stars as something has changed, perhaps in an update to the app since I first tried it.  Echo Auto connects better than before.  When it works it is nice to have.  However, it can still be improved.  The mapping is still something that requires interaction with the phone app, which makes it unuseful.———————- Nice idea; horrible execution.  The thing constantly loses its connection to the Alexa app.  So you are driving along and suddenly it doesn’t work.	1	June 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The single most annoying issue is that you can't change the wake word.I have Alexa devices all through my home responding to ""Echo"", but ""Echo Auto"" will only respond to ""Alexa"".I remembered that the first day I drove with it, but the second day I was about ready to toss it out a window before I realized that I had been yelling myself hoarse trying to get it to respond to ""Echo"".As others have mentioned, it takes it several minutes to connect to my phone.  I don't know if it would ever connect on its own, because I always pull over, take out my phone, and bring up the Alexa App before it begins to respond.It's absolutely useless for directions, which I had hoped would be its best feature.  The best it will do is tell you to pull out your phone (""when it is safe to do so"") and look at the map.The best use I've found for it has been to select podcasts and music play lists with voice commands, but that's not really even worth the trouble of switch my truck audio over to AUX.It might be good sometimes to be able to ""drop in"" to talk to my wife at home while I'm driving, but she's never at home when I'm driving.The only mounting option that works for me is on one of the A/C vents on the passenger side of my truck.I might be more inclined to use it if I build a mount close enough for me to be able to hear it when it's disconnected from my phone.It's currently disconnected and sitting on my back seat."	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Edit: In the 12 hours since I have written this I have received a call and email from Amazon support to troubleshoot the issues I have been having. In the hopes that they will be able to help I have modified my review from 1 to 3 stars.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I want to start by saying that I love the Alexa devices I have throughout my home, and my wife and I use them on a daily basis.  I wanted to like the Echo Auto, and have it plugged into my car that pre-dates bluetooth being standard.I've found the Echo Auto barely functional, and more frustrating than it's worth.  It does not handle a phone switching from wifi to data (i.e. when first getting into the car every time), and does not remember the nicknames you have given to locations you are trying to navigate to.  If your phone loses service at all, there is no buffer period on the echo, it just disconnects and will not work until after the phone has service again.It seems like a great idea, but IMO it has a long way to go before I could recommend it to anyone.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I first received the item, I tried making a call through the system. It would call but couldn't hear the other person I called. I was going to return it then but I decided to contact customer service. Originally they wanted me to go to a website, I told them I was not that techy and how could I do when I had to be in my car. They did give a number and I called and after a half-hour, it was working. I fell in love with it. For about few weeks anyway, now I can ask her to do things, but she no longers talks nor can I hear any sound from it. I called the help desk using the number that was given to me, and a recording came on telling because of the Covid-19 they were susspending their call-in services. Amazaon is about be the first company to make a million dollars and they can't afford to pay staff to work the phones? When so many people are out of work.	3	May 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Product had issues connecting to my cars Bluetooth, and when it did it sounded grainy and quiet, no matter how loud my speakers were. Overall good concept and might work better on other vehicles or with AUX but didn’t work for me, I have a 2006 Ford Freestyle	2	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto does everything the one in your family room will do, but only when it connects.  Since it basically works through a phone, it loses the connection regularly.  I often start it in the garage, when the phone is on my home wifi.  When I get out of range and switch to LTE, the connection drops.  Once on LTE, it seems to work fine, though Drop-ins seem to be difficult for it to handle.  The device apparently can't break the phone connection, even when I say ""stop.""  The only other major nuisance is the fact that every time the device connects to the phone, the Alexa App must be opened so that I can confirm that I'm a passenger, not the driver (which is not true, of course).  Why would that be required to use the device in the car?  Wouldn't it stand to reason that the person using the device in the car is the driver?  Isn't it more of a distraction and therefore more dangerous to require this extra step?  Some common sense is in order.  Something that I've been accustomed to Amazon using before such devices are released."	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I feel as though this was rushed to be released. It’s good for music and asking normal stuff but however having an iPhone makes it a pain. It took me over 3 hours and calling amazon to get it paired with my phone and when I finally did it paired using the aux cord setting and not blue tooth. So I had to go thru the maze and mess of set up all over again. Also unless you have Apple Maps don’t bother asking it for directions cause that feature I have yet to see function correctly. Traffic sucks. Basically right now all I use it for is for music control using amazon music. Oh and I can’t forget the most important part. Make sure you have the app open in the background or else or won’t work at all. Honestly if I had not been chosen for the pre release I more then likely would have never bought it after seeing the reviews. I’m honestly thinking about hooking my echo dot back up in the car. The dot was Mose responsive, could hear me better and over all was just better.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the Amazon smart speakers and wanted to love this so bad!!!  I hooked it up rather easily but was annoyed by the wires everywhere (I don’t have Bluetooth in my car).  However, I was able to work around that by using stick on wire clips.What I really did not like was that it was connected off and on and would take over my phone.  I’d try to take a call with my headphones and it would keep switching me automatically to the speaker in my car or just to my phone so I was always trying to find out where my call went and they were waiting for me on the other end to figure it out and doing this while driving is NOT good!  It would also mute my phone so that was fun trying to figure out.Not only that, but I had this annoying buzzing thru my speakers all the time so I would shut off the radio sound but that means all my phone sounds wouldn’t work while I was in my car (try using navigation without sound) and there was no way to disconnect unless you unplugged the Amazon Auto from its power source.The Amazon app was annoying too cuz it automatically switched to the Auto version as soon as your phone comes near and the car is on.  Sometimes I’m sitting still in a parking lot and want to use the app features to send a message thru my speakers at home or for other features - I would have to tell the app I wasn’t driving and then it would switch over but then would randomly switch back on me.I finally had enough and ripped the thing out of my car.  I’m done.	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	it almost never works. I don't know what the deal is, but the light is always red and it doesn't respond. I have tried disconnecting and reconnecting, turning off and on, all the things I know how to do. It could just be me, I don't know. But I have unplugged it and stuck it in the glove box for now.	3	January 9, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After all the integration of the Alexa features at home I had high expectations for the Alexa Auto.  First it really is a clumsy interface to you Alexa app on your phone, nothing more than a ugly external microphone for your phone.  The Alexa Auto must be paired to a phone to access the Bluetooth in your vehicle, then you must be running the Alexa app on your phone continuously for the Alexa Auto to be able to listen for your commands.  The one feature I was really hoping to use was the geo fencing to turn on routines as I approached home but as I sat in my living room the lights kept switching on and off as it apparently couldn't tell where we were.  This may work better when actually in the auto driving but it got so annoying during setup that I ended up disabling it before I ever made it to the vehicle.  One hint: set up in the vehicle, not in your home.  Ended up having to delete setup and redo in the vehicle because it couldn't connect to the vehicles Bluetooth.  The power cord for the Alexa Auto is another disappointment.  Despite the little cord grip on the vent mount it still weaves all over my dash and is just ugly.  The Bluetooth connection to my iPhone 7S is very sporadic and glitchy.  Heaven forbid if you finally get everything working and then stop for gas or something and have to go through the whole pairing battle again.  The best I have been able to do is:1) Start Alexa app on phone2) Start vehicle and hope you phone pairs to vehicle before Alexa Auto pairs to phone3) Plug phone into dual charger that comes with Alexa Auto because you do NOT want your phone to go to power saver mode and drop the connection to Alexa Auto or you have to unplug everything, shutdown the Alexa app on your phone, turn off your phone's Bluetooth and then back your way up through the sequence of turning on the phone's Bluetooth, start the Alexa app and then power up Alexa Auto.Sad that this was not better tested before released.  I don't foresee much improvements and can not recommend product.	1	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"There are things I like, and some major disappointments with my Alexa Auto.  I have a non-bluetooth enabled car (I use the AUX cable for Alexa) and live in a hands-free state, so I had really high hopes. Connectivity to my speaker is great - I can play Spotify and use Apple/Google Maps for directions and calls, but the Alexa function is AWFUL.  Since install, it hasn’t once been able to successfully connect to my phone.  I've gotten use to using Siri for making calls or directions and so I continue to do that (or manually do it before driving) and the speaker system works as advertised .... just don't count on ""Alexa, call Mom"" to work while you’re driving (...which is kind of the point, right?) And then there are the cords! I understand cords are needed to function, but it's a MESS.  I've placed Alexa on the second row vent (using the vent stand) so that all of the wires are tucked behind my console and out of the way. The speaker still works fine when I’m talking on the phone, but designers should have spent a little more time on this aspect.Side note (if you’re paranoid about privacy) Alexa always needs access to your location to be able to give directions or use any ""smart"" programs (like routines).Overall - if you need bluetooth in your car, this works fine... just don't count on Alexa to be able to do what you ask.  I'm guessing connectivity glitches will be worked out in future updates.  If you already have a bluetooth connected car, do not bother buying Alexa Auto and use the equipment you have."	2	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received this a while ago but just got around to connecting it which was very easy.  It works well enough although it does seem sluggish to respond.  What I don't like and find to be a real deal breaker is that I have to have bluetooth selected as the audio for it to work.  I cannot be listening to the regular radio and then hear a response from the Echo device.  I can still issue instructions like, add something to a list but the only way to fully interact is to be on the bluetooth input which means you can't use the regular radio.  Of course you can play music through the Echo instead of the radio but that means you are burning data on your phone.  Even though I have unlimited data I believe it throttles down the speed after some point so  that's a consideration.  This may be a limited of my car.  I'm not sure.  I can access my phone through the car speakers so calls are handsfree but anything else, I have to use a different input.  I have a 2013 Honda Accord.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Although I tried several times, I could not get this device to connect to my Lincoln's system. I'd get to a certain point and it would just stop connecting. I tried everything I knew to try. My phone was connected via Bluetooth but i could not get Alexa to talk to my phone. I gave up.	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Well, I have the unit Bluetooth connected to phone and Sync system in my Ford (important because possibly issues with connection type). At least half the time the system either does not work at all or my phone in my pocket picks up the ""Hey Alexa, play the news"" instead of the unit. In which case, I already had the phone in my pocket. I didn't need to buy this unit to accomplish that... Nonetheless, it has not been a great experience. Though, when it does work, it works pretty well. It seems to be able to do anything you can do from the app.Update: (2 to 3 stars)After my review posted, a rep from Amazon called me. There are a few settings she suggested I change on my iPhone. After making sure I had the ""answer on Bluetooth Device"" setting selected, and ""background refresh"" on for the Alexa app. Things do seem to be running better (only the first day of use so far). I am going to test a lot more and I will update again if with any new info."	3	March 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The only reason I gave it 2 stars as opposed to 1 is if you own an older vehicle that has no interface with your smartphone. In that case, the phone calls work fine and if you want to listen to amazon music.However, if you own a newer vehicle that already interfaces with your smartphone, this device has very little use. The phone calling and receiving works fine, but your newer vehicle already does that. Text messaging is another story. After installing I sent a text. Person didn'g get it. Text to myself, didn'nt get it. Then disovered the message was received in my alexa app. Called amazon and they text messaging only works from one Alexa user to another Alexa user. So don't plan on using this for normal texting. Even worse whey you receive an ""alexa"" message from another Alexa user it does speak to you telling you have a message. It doesn't even beep. I asked amazon tech how I know I got a message. He said tiny light bar on this tiny device will turn green as opposed to blue. Green and blue on this tiny device hard to distinguish. I thought the idea was to keep you eyes on the road.Directions leaves a lot to be desired. Asking for directions it opened google maps on my phone and showed me the route. Did not even show on vehicle screen. Also no driving instructions or route guidance.I will stick with the far superior android auto. Only thing waiting for are car manufacters to get android auto working wireless in their vehicles."	2	January 26, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I was excited to get this I would be able to have Alexa text and call for me in my car so I didn’t have to but in order to send messages or calls the other people have to download the app, you can’t just say Alexa text Jess because if she doesn’t download the app you won’t be able to have a message sent threw the Alexa auto. Also it doesn’t respond well to questions like she doesn’t hear you or something I’d ask Alexa what’s the weather like is get I’m sorry I didn’t understand that request so I mean it not even the greatest thing to purchase	3	September 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought it was a good idea to be able to listen to various genres in my vehicle with just a voice command. No more searching through CDs trying to find something to listen to. So far, it hasn’t worked as well as I hoped.I set this up in my home instead of sitting in a hot car (just use a USB plug and a speaker using AUX), then I went & plugged it in my car and it came right on. Which means the Echo Auto can also be used in the house; not just in a vehicle.I’m hopeful Amazon will update the software to take care of the glitches I’ve encountered (I do have the latest Alexa version installed on my phone). After leaving my first destination, the Echo Auto doesn’t want to work. I’ve even restarted my phone to try to get it to work properly, and I find it very frustrating when it doesn’t work as it should (back to the ‘old school’ CDs). My phone shows several Alexa icons working at the same time, and the last song played is showing, but doesn’t do anything. :(The first time I asked for a reminder it said it couldn't do that, then I rephrased and asked Alexa to remind me to call my son when I got home as a test. Alexa confirmed my address, and then said she would remind me the next time I arrived home. Nope, didn’t happen. Perhaps because I made a stop before going home? I would think (hope) that wouldn’t matter.The last time I went out, I was going to three destinations, so I opted not even to use my Echo Auto, went back to the CDs.	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Straight forward set up and integration with phone and BT receiver in the car. I haven't found anything much it does that can't be done just using my phone with Alexa enabled, but it does allow me to keep my phone in my pocket while driving.It's neat, but unnecessary.	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the device works, it works great. But I have to pair it with my Alexa phone app over and over again. If you buy this, you’ll have to be patient and connect it with the Alexa app over and over again.	3	February 21, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am having issues where it will change languages at any given time, even in the middle of a song. It will all of a sudden start to break up.  Very frustrating because it was great for first few days.	3	February 22, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really want to like it, but there are just too many annoyances with it.1) The volume control is just awful. I have to have this input at an audio level of about 25-30 to get the volume and sound I want. My normal radio input is at about 12-15. So, what this does is that if I forget to turn down the volume when switching inputs I blow out my eardrums. I've done it twice, and it's very annoying.2) The unit itself doesn't seem to always ""turn on"". The light comes on, but it doesn't accept the ""Alexa"" wake word to ask for music. I have to unplug and replug it in to restart the device.3) For whatever reason, when I ask it to play something, it will only play 1 song from the choice I make and then stop. This happens about 50% of the time, with the other 50% of the time it playing continuously. I don't want to have to keep making music choices.4) Navigation is a bit clunky. It doesn't always (ever?) pick the closest option of what you are asking for (ATM, gas station, etc)"	3	November 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	- First, it only connects through one phone--so, if you're listening to someone else's phone (music or audio book or podcast), as often happens with my kids, you can't interact with it because it only blue tooth connects with one device!  It should provide for the ability to connect with multiple devices, like cars do (somehow--maybe through the app) & allow the user to select which, if it detects more than one in proximity, having a preferred default. I'm not sure exactly how this would work since the car has to connect to one of the blue tooth devices it knows.  Somehow, when someone asks a question of Alexa, it should supersede the current device connected to the car & speak through the car's speakers.  If that's not possible, then have a local speaker that it uses when it's not in charge of the car's speakers. - Second, it loses connection with my phone frequently.  When I am alone, so I'm listening to my own phone, I have to reset it because Alexa says it's lost the connection with my phone. - Third, when I tried to listen to an audio book through it, it was very halting and jumpy.  Very poor quality.  When we switched to simply listening directly through the phone (instead of adding Alexa as anintermediate device) it worked fine, so Alexa just slowed it down so much as to make it unusable for listening to a book.Consequently it's getting far less use than I had anticipated and I'm finding it very disappointing!	2	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The idea was great, to have your Alexa in your car, the problem is than, because your car stereo was not to made with Alexa in mind, have problems to connect.i hate to have to open my open and click on the Alexa app to be able to connect to echo auto. Every time i start my car i have to wait until my phone connect to the car and then wait until the Alexa app open and then wait to connect to echo.I like to the connection were instantly but it's what i expected with an external device.It's worth?, Hmm, sure if you have the time and the patience, i like to orden Alexa to change the station or give me the weather, i tried once to asked for directions but get blocked trying to open Google maps, i didn't tried again.I love Alexa, because understand you everything you say to it, not like from competitors than need to be very clearly and exact pronunciation, Alexa don't have than problem and when it will become bilingual by the end of this year it will be better.Hope those connectivity hiccups get fix with an upgraded app.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes the device has a hard time following commands and is slow to start once it does recognize the command. Might have something to do with my mobile network...who knows. Still not a bad little device to have.	3	March 1, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I waited for months to be invited to purchase the Echo Auto.  I mean, who wouldn't want Alexa in your car doing all sorts of Alexa-related activities?  But, at least with this current version, there are some significant limitations that proved to be a deal-breaker for me.First off, you have to connect to the Echo Auto each time you get in your car...and that means that you car's sound system is held hostage by the Echo Auto.  In my case, I had to connect via Bluetooth to my Honda Accord's sound system, which means I could not listen to the radio (satellite or otherwise) without first disconnecting the Echo Auto.  My primary entertainment in the car is the SiriusXM radio, so now I had to choose between them...and flipping back and forth was a pain.  Sure, you can connect to SiriusXM through the Echo Auto, but that delivers noticeably inferior audio quality...and it eats up your cellular data.  Even if you have unlimited data available, you're burning through the data and getting an inferior experience in the process.Also, the unit didn't seem to be able to keep the time right, being off by six full hours.  And it never seemed to be able to tell where I was located.  That made its directions pretty useless.  It also didn't seem to be able to play music from the music library on the phone to which it was connected.  I would have expected that to be the least of its capabilities.As I say, I *so* wanted to like this, but it's just not ready for prime time.	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I purchased this as a Christmas gift to myself to replace my non-working bluetooth in my 2013 BMW X1. I thought this will be perfect. It does in fact replace my broken bluetooth pretty well (although I must be on the correct ""Aux"" input on the stereo system) and adds some cool Alexa features too. I also use it when on the road traveling (especially through the mountains in the PNW) where I lose radio stations, I can play Iheart radio, or Pandora, etc. crystal clear! Awesome..The drawback however, is in the lack of clear audio for calls while driving (since my bluetooth is out, I use a 3.5mm audio cable going into my stereo system and use the bluetooth of the Echo, which should be fine). The road noise apparently over weighs the microphone (or microphones according to amazon) and comes out choppy and static-y on the other end. Works great when parked, or quiet in the car.. If this was fixed it'd be a home run! There's a few bugs here and there but overall works pretty well and can be fun on a long drive!"	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This item could have been great and checked all the boxes for my needs. The main flaw that you will see all over the internet people displeased with is no local music playback. You can only control and play streaming music. It will not start or control music playback of songs stored on your phone.  It seems like a crazy feature to be missing. You can manually play music with your normal phone controls but that defeats the purpose of a hands-free device.  For a $50 device to not have this feature makes it not worth it. I may keep it only because I got it for $15 and even then I may return it. That says a lot for that feature not to be there.	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is fun to have in the car, but it is pretty glitchy. We tried it out on a 2500 mile road trip and found its best for playing music. It’s super easy to ask it to play any song or genre you are in the mood to hear. Unfortunately sometimes it just stops playing a song in the middle or can’t figure out how to restart after am interrupting phone call or something similar.We tried playing games on it, but it seemed to have trouble hearing us or processing what we were saying. I even tried pulling it off the mount and holding it directly in front of my face while speaking very clearly. We couldn’t get through a game without it glitching and either starting over or doing the wrong thing which made 20 questions impossible. We had a good laugh, but we’re grateful we didn’t pay full price for our device.It’s fun for the kids to ask questions, but only had the answer maybe a quarter of the time.It definitely doesn’t work as well as our in-home echo’s, but I’m sure it will get better with time and updates.	3	November 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works like any other Amazon Alexa device.  When you make or get a call the device light turns solid green and passes your voice through it.  I turned on the mute button and the light went red but my callers could also no longer hear me.  For my car the only way you could use Alexa was to put radio to Bluetooth mode.  That means if I was listening to the radio I could not hear Alexa reply to me.  She heard me but because the audio came back on my Bluetooth  I could not hear her.  When I get a call my radio shuts off and Bluetooth turns on and I can hear caller.  If you ask Alexa something it does not turn on my Bluetooth automatically- might just be my car.  Other issue is it uses your phone to connect to internet but if you play music it leaves a widget open on your lock screen (Apple iOS 12.) No biggie other than you can’t get rid of it easily and it does not allow Alexa to pick up where you left off 90% or more to continue playing what’s on the screen.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Mounted and functioned generally as billed.  I have mine set up with audio cable to aux input on car stereo.  It later occurred to me that unless I am missing something I am not really getting much of anything by having the Echo Auto.  I have the Amazon Music app on my iPhone and I can enable Alexa to work with that app so simply mounting my phone on the vent with the MPow magnetic phone mount, which I have, and which the Auto also uses a version of, then o can use Alexa commands, at least for music and streaming already.  You have to have the Alexa app itself open (in background is fine) for Auto to function anyway (Auto just connects to phone via Bluetooth) so really, “What’s the point?”  And despite having setting such that Auto is not supposed to handle my calls on my iPhone Auto still seems to cause Bluetooth to always pick up my calls.  Constantly find myself picking up phone to answer call and hear nothing because the caller is coming thru the Auto and I had already turned volume down to pick up call.	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product has a few kinks they need to work out. Luckily I bought it on amazon prime day which was an amazing deal, however it has flaws. Sometimes it doesn't switch on at all when u start up the car. Then whilst trying to get it to play music from the app on my phone, it sometimes tells you have to go to settings to allow access (same for google maps), this was a little annoying seeing as I had done this several times already. I guess I'm spoiled and don't feel that once you have set something up that you have to keep repeating those steps... I will wait until they come up with a new and improved version...maybe next prime day?	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really wanted to love Echo Auto and I played around with it for a few weeks but in the end, I don't even like it. I made sure it was installed in the vent, I made sure my iPhone xs max was updated, and I made sure my Alexa app was updated. Tried connected to via bluetooth and 3.5 aux but the responsiveness is TOO SLOW. Echo Auto is much slower and clunkier than Echo in my home. When saying, ""Alexa"", there is a huge delay where the blue light lights up but I don't hear the chime for at least 5-7 seconds after. This is frustrating since i'm used to just talking to any of my Echos in the house without delay. Most of the time Echo Auto is inaccurate and I find myself raising my voice much louder to communicate. In case you're wondering, yes, I have the windows up and the AC off or on low when using it. I've been wondering if others are having these problems as well. I hope with time these issues are resolved. I really like the idea of Alexa in my car but for now it's not working like I'd like it to so I stopped using it.***UPDATE***Thank you Amazon for calling me and suggesting the multiple resets and making sure my Alexa app was updated. After performing multiple resets and verifying my Alexa app was already updated, I have reached my breaking point. The other morning I had a simple request and asked for the weather and the blue light just scrolled back and forth like it always does for about 30-45 seconds and then disappeared. I asked again....nothing. I unplugged Echo Auto like I do about 5 or 6 times a day and I finally got my answer after 10 minutes. Then for no reason at all, it lit up a solid green. I searched for notification colors of the Echo Auto on Amazon's website but found nothing explaining the green color. I had to unplug it again for it to go away.I have since removed Echo Auto and will not use again until there's some sort of massive update that makes it work the way it was designed. This device is a bust. Save your money!"	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to like this so much. I use Echos in our house frequently, adding items to the shopping list, asking for the weather, setting alarms, turning on/off lights. I also use Siri a lot on my phone and laptop to add items to the calendar, get directions, etc. I hoped to have the same level of handiness in the car, as I use Siri a lot, but I'd love to be able, for instance, to add groceries to the shopping list as I think of them while driving, or tell Alexa to play a particular song from my Amazon music library.When I hooked it up, the process of getting started was uncomplicated. The problems I had seemed to stem from two things:1. The internet connection for Alexa in the car was frequently delayed or spotty, so I'd have to pause a lot and repeat myself when talking to Alexa. Another weird bit was that Alexa will only stream music that I ask it to play rather than using the locally saved songs on my phone. That's a data waste.2. If Alexa was working, Siri usually wouldn't work. It seems that I had to choose between the two services, because either Alexa was hooked up to the microphone (waiting for her wakeup word Alexa), and Siri just went deaf. I had to unplug the Echo to get Siri to respond to her alert word again. I want to use BOTH, dang it.It was just clumsy and awkward trying to use it. I was hoping that the microphones would be better than what's in the car already, but I didn't experience that. It's now unplugged and in the glove compartment.	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ehhh. I mean, not really what I expected. I can’t use it for many things I would like. You can have Alexa send a text message unless the other user also has the Alexa app. Just seems silly. You also can’t have Alexa access podcasts though Apple. It’s just sort of annoying. The wires are pretty annoying, too. I know some of this is maybe to be expected for the kind of product it is but I’m really just pretty eh about it. I will say, the main reason I wanted it was because my car Bluetooth is god awful so I absolutely hate using it. This does allow me to play stuff from my iPhone- I use the aux cable to my car from the Alexa. I then connected the Bluetooth and it allows me to get onto my phone and press play on Apple podcasts or to play music from other apps. I still have to manually start and stop stuff, though. I dunno, it was free through my insurance company and allows me to play music in my car.  Just ok. Not worth much to most.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Configuring the Amazon Auto was not very easy at first. I first had to remove every Bluetooth device that I had previously configured to Android smartphone. One thing to keep in mind is that I have several Bluetooth devices connected to my phone and never had an issue connecting any device via Bluetooth to my phone, until now. Once I removed all the devices I proceeded to add the Amazon Auto first and presto chango, Amazon Auto connected successfully! I then proceeded to connect all my other Bluetooth devices back to my phone, for example my Honda HandsFreeLink and other devices. So far so good, no issues connecting all my other devices back to my phone. Now I am ready to test Amazon Auto, first test "" Alexa play Spotify"" sorry I can't do that, your Spotify account needs to be linked to your Amazon Alexa mobile app. Ok, no problem here, I then proceeded to connect my Spotify account to Amazon Alexa mobile app and after a few minutes I was ready to test it again. Second test “Alexa play Spotify"" the music started to play however, the sound is choppy and static is persistent. I tried a different music selection however, the sound quality was still very bad. I then unplugged Alexa auto and connected my phone directly to the car via Bluetooth. Third test ""Hey Google, play Spotify"" imagine my surprise, the sound was crystal clear, it was not choppy and no static.  Okay, my testing may not be conclusive, so I am open to any suggestions.  How do I resolve the static, choppy poor sound quality issue when I use Amazon Echo Auto to play music?"	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Tested Echo Auto paired with an iPhone8 operating IOS 13.2 in multiple vehicles. The Echo Auto skill for Alexia appears to rely on Bluetooth Ver 3.x or newer in order to work effectively with the car speakers your vehicle. For example if you are used to using the Google map application on your Bluetooth connected iPhone, then you are used to hearing the directions over your car speakers. Essentially the Echo Auto skill counts on this Bluetooth capability  in order for you to hear Alexia's responses to your questions/instructions/replies input via the Echo Auto microphones. To be sure the Echo Auto's multiple ""near field"" diversity microphones are much better than the microphone from your auto manufacturer. My experiences were: that for a compact SUV circa 2014 (Bluetooth Ver 3.x) Auto worked quite well, for a luxury sports car circa 2007 (Bluetooth Ver 2.x) it was a  poor experience because Echo Auto could not properly connect to the Bluetooth system and thus there was no connection to the cars speaker system. My second vehicle did not have an Aux audio input into the the sound system so if your older vehicle has such an input you can get around the issue I have described. Bottom line is that if you have older vehicle that is uses an older version of Bluetooth, no Aux input to your car sound system and you wanted to add voice activation with Alexia through the Echo Auto, you will likely be disappointed. Sorry Amazon you can do better in describing to potential customers how to connect this product to older vehicles to avoid wasting their time and money."	2	November 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Alexa devices in my house so I was excited to try the Echo Auto in my car. Unfortunately my car doesn't have Bluetooth, so I had to buy a separate speaker that I could hard-wire to Alexa with the available analog/aux port. I ended up with USB power and analog audio cords everywhere; hardly the simple or discreet installation I expected. I also did not expect to have to start the Alexa app when I got in the car, though I guess that makes sense. Alexa herself worked fine; the voice recognition was accurate and as good as it is at home. Also, I could hear Alexa through the Echo Auto device speaker during setup. Why can't I just use that speaker?If it were possible to pair Echo Auto with ANY Bluetooth speaker I chose, instead of requiring that the car have Bluetooth or providing a speaker with a manual connection, I would try to use it. As it is, I have packed it back up, returned the external speaker, and I am considering selling my Alexa Auto on Ebay since I've missed my 30-day window to return it. I am bummed.	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Recently revealed privacy issue aside, I'm generally a fan of Echo/Alexa enabled devices. I run 2 Echo Dots and 3 Fire TV sticks. I've generally been happy with all of them. Setup has historically been easy. Meanwhile, operationally, well, they're not making them for theoretical physicists. So pretty effortless.Initial Paring of the Echo Auto:It's a multi-try process that ends up taking about 15 minutes when it should take 3. Step one is getting your Alexa app/phone to acknowledge the Echo Auto's presence. I was running about 50% success here. Once seen by the app, you then need to establish a connection. This took 8'ish device power cycles to complete successfully.While Driving Around:Immediately after setup, I went on a little drive. Just around the neighborhood to test functionality. Asking things like ""Alexa, what time is it"" resulted in a 15 second delayed response. We can chock this up to spotty cell coverage. Asking her to set a timer was a similarly slow process. This would be the last time I ever heard Alexa's sweet voice over my car's speakers.After this, I went home and did my thing for a while before heading back out for some real errands. Not surprisingly, Alexa was nowhere to be heard. When ""Alexa"" was uttered, she would light up, indicating acknowledgement, but then never respond.Maybe I could have troubleshot, or called tech-support, but honestly, I just didn't feel like it. Echo devices are supposed to make one's life easier, not create more chores.But above all else, I was left wondering what the Amazon Echo Auto would really be used for. Maybe if you happen to remember something that needs to go on a shopping list while you’re driving, or are a big fan of Amazon Music, the Echo Auto is for you. But If you’ve got a smartphone, which you’ll need to use the device in the first place, then you’ve already got Siri or Google Assistant in your car. And if you’re short in the Bluetooth department, an FM adapter is easy to come by. And that’s the route I'd go. I feel like the Amazon Echo Auto is a solution looking for a problem, and then not solving it very well."	1	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have 3 Echo dots in my home and I love them, so I jumped at the chance to have it in my car.  It arrives on time and was packed nicely.  I connected to the Bluetooth in my car and set up was fairly easy.  I asked for directions and found out it didn't work unless my Google maps or Waze app was open on my phone.  It does play music if you have an app that you connect with.  I hav Spotify, so at first, it worked well, but you can't get it to shut up when you want it to stop.  I actually had to delete my Spotify app for it to finally stop.  Irritating to say the least.  She will turn on the lights in my house from my car and I can set reminders and put things on my shopping list.  Of course, if you drive through a dead zone you will lose connection.  She does make calls when asked, and the sound quality is okay.  Overall, it's not as good as the home version, but an okay first generation. Looking forward to improvements with time.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My experience with the Auto is ""The Auto with a curl"".  When it works, it works good.  When it's bad....1. If your car has a Bluetooth connection, the sound uses your car stereo .  That makes it passable to good.  Using the sound from the device itself or playing it back through the phone....urrrrrrrrrrgh.2. The voice response is erratic.  Some days it's almost good.  On others I find myself screaming at the device.  I can only hope/not hope that the Listeners are getting a chuckle .Recently I've also noticed dropouts; I'll be trying to listen to amazon music or other music and there are blank spots where the sound drops out and then resumes 1-2 seconds later.  It's aggravating.  I haven't tried to re-pair the Echo Auto and my phone yet, and that's the next step, but if it continues I basically got about five months out of the device.  At $50 retail, that will never fly in the mass market.I tried an original Echo and never could get it to work, but I'm about ready to try, try again."	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like it, just there is a long delay between command, and music. My friend has one and his doesn’t have this long delay, which is frustrating specially while on the road.	3	March 21, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is just a Bluetooth Microphone, it does not have any functionality built in. When it works it does everything my home Echo does.It needs to be connected to both your vehicle and smartphone at the same time. You can connected it to your car via Bluetooth or an Aux port, but you can only connect to your smartphone via Bluetooth. You also need the Alexa app installed on your smartphone. The app needs to be running in the background all the time. Both Android and iOS smartphones manage battery usage and will automatically stop the app from running in the background. You will have to change your smartphone settings to remove the app from battery management. Your vehicle stereo will need to stay on the input (Bluetooth or AUX) it was installed on or you will not hear responses including music streams.The Alexa App can be used independently and will use data either way so there is no need for the Echo Auto. A better alternative would be to use a Echo Dot with a WiFi hot spot.Pros:* Got the invite so I only had to pay $25 for this useless device.Cons:* Microphone will not respond at all if your HVAC system is running (blowing air) or if music is playing. Mine is mounted 2 feet from my mouth and I often need to yell and scream to get it to respond, even if the cabin is quiet.* Requires the Alexa app to be installed and running all the time.* If the connection to the vehicle breaks, responses and any music that was streaming will start playing on your smartphone.* Occasionally while streaming music, when you shut your vehicle down, the music will start playing on your smartphone. The only way to get it to stop is by force closing the Alexa app.* If your using another input like satellite radio, you will not hear responses from the Echo AutoDo waste your money. Your smartphone already has all the same capabilities through Ok Google or Siri. There is no need for a middle-man microphone.	1	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I knew this was a gimmick going into but for 15 bucks had to try it.Didn’t know you had to have a head unit capable of Bluetooth. I still have to use the aux cord. No review I’ve read says that it will connect to your phone when the vehicle is off. It’s been oh so pleasant trying to play music in the house and there’s no sound because the echo has connected. I have to remember to unplug it when I get home.The mount keeps popping off the vent and everything sits in the floor until I can stop  and grab it. It’s ok I’m just glad I didn’t pay full price	3	August 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"OK back to the drawing board.  This lasted a couple of days then into the glovebox.  This is really only for people without integrated cars, e.g. if your phone connects to your car via bluetooth or ANY newer model car with App integration.  If you have a car without navigation I could MAYBE see getting it.  Aside for the obvious reliance on your cell phones connection to the internet and the cars connection to the cell phone there really isn't much use for this.So you need cell phone with the alexa app.  OK let's just say I have a iPhone (Which I do) and the app is on it.  If I am using this thing and it is eating up my data one would assume that I have unlimited data.  So I have unlimited data (If not you're going to be sorry). That means that my phone already does everything this thing does and more.  I guess if you REALLY need to order something while driving then maybe?  Of crap I forgot the turn the lights off on the front porch.  Tell Alexa to turn off the lights OR when you stop use the app on the phone that Alexa has to be connected to.  Need directions and don't have a GPS.  Then use Waze, Apple Maps, or Google Maps to name the freebies and buy a dash mount for your phone.This serves no purpose that can't be done on the actual phone it has to be connected to.  Maybe if it was free with your prime membership I could see trying it out but this is a failure like the Dash Buttons.  With no screen for visual cues this really is nothing more than a interface with your cell phone.  Most newer cell phones have ""Hey Siri"" or ""Hey Google"".  Again I jumped the gun and went and bought one during the pre-release. Same thing with the Echo Dots.  Just wait until Black Friday or Prime Day and get the Show 5's instead.  Hands down a much better product with more use for the price of a Dot when it isn't on sale."	1	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa devices in general, but this one never connects to my car. I have a newer car that uses android auto. This may be the cause of its lack of connectivity, but I was hoping for all the other skills Alexa offers besides just call, text, and GPS that the Android auto offers. It was supposed to make things more hands free, help me with list and to do making. Answer questions. But it won't ever connect. Makes me sad. I gave it 3 stars because I only paid $15 for it on prime day, so it doesn't feel like a total loss. I may try it in my husband's car. He has a 2007, so it may do better there.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have 4 Alexa devices on a small apartment and another one in my office.I automated almost all light switches and my stereo in my home using Alexa.It only felt natura to add Alexa to my car.Unfortunatelly, I will have to continue using Siri in my car, as Alexa lacks an integration with Whatsapp.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto is a great idea. I have an older car (2013) that does not have CarPlay or Android Auto built in. The OEM voice commands are terrible, so I was super excited try Alexa in my car, and ultimately reduce the need to use my device to make music and podcast changes while on the road. I am an Amazon Music Unlimited subscriber, so choosing music is pretty easy. There have been issues where Alexa won’t play the right song because I didn’t phrase it correctly (for example try to get Alexa to play the song Breakthrough by The Belonging Co. I actually had to say the word “Co” and not “Company” to get the song to play correctly). I typically use the app Pocket Casts for my podcasts, and the voice commands for Alexa are not intuitive. If you want to replay an episode you’ve already listened to, it required that I go back into the app and put the episode in my Next Up queue. Overall, I like the experience, but some work will need to be done to make it all a little smoother.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I certainly like it better than my Bluetooth receiver, but it's not great. I do get a better hands free experience... Sometimes. Alexa isn't great at understanding what's said in the car and she doesn't always listen. Half the time, despite being hooked up properly and uncovered, it doesn't aknowledge me at all. She also doesn't always like to work when the Alexa app isn't open, or even when it *thinks* it's not open. One of the things that annoys me most though is the device acknowledging that I've said Alexa, but not aknowledging that I said anything. It only skips songs in Spotify or plays specific songs half the time or so, and for a while wouldn't stop telling jokes when I said skip or skip song. The sound quality is quite good though and it makes my life easier when it wants to listen. **I'm quite glad that my insurance company payed for my Alexa auto**	3	October 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This replaced my Roav VIVA who beat amazon to the market with their own product.The Roav had lots of Software connection issues that basically rendered it useless. However I find the design to be far superior. The Roav was incorporated into a dual USB port lighter adapter so the entire unit just plugged in. No cords no cables.The vent mount on the amazon is designed for cars with a slanted dash so in my truck it holds the Alexa at an odd angle. I’ve just stopped using it.The best thing about this product is that it works!And it works right. I don’t have to reconnect it every time I get in the car like the Roav. It also has great ears. Sometimes too good.A couple of times while playing my flash briefing the person has said “this Alexa flash briefing is sponsored by...” and Alexa hears this and starts my flash briefing over. You would think people would know not to say that.Other than the design. It’s awesome and I love getting my flash briefing while on my morning commute.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A pesar de leer tantas reseñas negativas, decidí de todas formas omitir uno de los criterios más importantes para comprar en Amazon, y se trata de que simplemente las reseñas sean positivas, en un 80 % al menos. Lo compré porque únicamente me conformaba con ordenar colocar canciones y como tiene supuestamente 8 micrófonos, además de que tengo un dispositivo Echo y va muy bien, entendí pues que este Echo auto también lo iría, pero me equivoqué rotundamente, he aquí las contras:- Se desconecta todo el tiempo- No se vuelve a emparejar fácilmente- Incluso en distancias cortas (como lo es tenerlo arriba de tu pierna), le cuesta bastante reconocer tu voz y peor si tienes música puesta...- ... debido a esto decidí mejor usarlo tomándolo en la mano y presionar el botón que activa a Alexa, pero adivinen? El cablecito de alimentación no se ajusta de la mejor forma y si lo usas de esta manera debes de tener algo de cuidado porque se te va a desconectar el cable en varias ocasiones.- Es un dispositivo cuyo valor original es de 50 dólares, bien costoso, no se justifica esta pobre calidad.Ventajas:- Es bien pequeño, lo que facilita colocarlo dónde quieras y lanzarlo lejisimo cuando te hartes de él.	1	May 14, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the Echo Dot and when the Auto came out I couldnt have been happier. Sadly the happiness left me once I used it. Like others the Alexa App has to be open to use Alexa and if it stays connected it works very well, WHEN it stays connected...BUT it is nice to have Bluetooth in my non Bluetooth car and it would be nice if the Auto had a stand alone Alexa built OR pause/play and skip froward buttons so if your not connected to the app you could still skip music or pause or any other kinda simple task but sadly this left me wanting much more. If asked to buy again I wouldnt unless some major changes/updates came into it. If you dont mind playing music with your devise and just use the Bluetooth its great to not have to plug your phone in which is how I use it. Easy to install nice and slim so it can go just about anywhere.	3	July 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you don't use Audible to listen to audio books, you're probably fine. But, I find it difficult to believe that Amazon (who owns Audible) sells a device that is so bad at playing books. I've used the Audible app for years with no issues before buying an Alexa auto. Since installing this thing in my car, the Audible app no longer works...ever. I download my books to my phone so I can listen when I want, wherever I want. Now I have to be in my car, with a stable cell signal, to listen. It's rubbish.Update12/29/21: Amazon CS contacted me after posting this. Advised me to uninstall and reinstall the Audible app. This resolved my issue of playing books locally. It's too bad that it can't automatically play the downloaded version. I guess I'll just have to keep pressing buttons like a caveman.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Great device excluding the constant ""cutting out"" which I have noticed others mention. I have followed all the advice and reset/resynchronized/reconnected numerous times with no success."	3	April 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I did enjoy the convenience of the Echo for an auto device, however I found it to be a bit redundant. The other devices I typically use in the vehicle do the same thing when set up via apps and SmartScreen in the car. It seemed I was just transferring the command mode to the device and still using the vehicle communications to execute.The device is well made and can be placed in more places than the grills as suggested. If you have an Amazon account, you are likely to get one, since it provides an instant flow to its products.Overall it works well but I am not likely to use it in any extensive way.	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pros:When it works, it functions just like any other Echo deviceIt looks nice and is smallThe included power adapter works wellCons:When music is playing, the trigger word is only heard 2/3 of the time (I don't have my music very loud)It rarely responds to my questions/commands, maybe 1 out of 10 timesThe mounting bracket is horrible, air vent mounts are bad for hotter states anyways, but this one literally blocks more than half of the vent in my truckBottom line, great idea, bad implementation. It really needs a complete re-design.Jan 11, 2020 Update: bumping it down to 1 star for the following reasons:- While I previously mentioned that it functions normally when it works, this has become very rare and it's now uncommon for it to do anything.- While the trigger word is heard more often now, since it rarely does anything, that's meaningless- There is a new issue where it will start to answer you, that only lasts 5-10 seconds and then gets off, but it doesn't unmute the music app for about 30 seconds, clearly the issue is within the echo, not in the music app- For some reason, it seems to think that I'm still in the city I visited on vacation 2 months ago instead of where I am using (almost a 1,000 miles away), I didn't take the Echo Auto with me, nor did I even use the Alexa app on my phone and yes, I have location services enabled in my phone and Echo Auto/Alexa App has the proper permissions.It's very shocking to me that Amazon has not only fixed any of the issues with this device (other than improving the wake word recognition a bit), but it's actually getting worse. This is hands down the worst Amazon device I've ever owned and that's saying a lot. I really can't understand how this has received any positive reviews, it's essentially a non-functional device. I plan on leaving it in my truck until I start to need the air-con to see if it gets better, but after that I'm not willing to sacrifice passenger's comfort for this thing.	1	November 18, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Used it in the  vehicle shared between 2 people with 2 separate devices it probably would have worked better one single device sometimes it connected sometimes it didn’t	3	March 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"TL;DR Works as intended about 10% of the time. If your phone has a 3.5mm audio jack, use the app and skip this entirely.  It fails as a Bluetooth receiver/controller and digital assistant.  I'm amazed this was released.I use ""Alexa"" in my home and on my phone daily, mainly because Amazon music is my one and only source for music streaming and podcasts.Voice recognition can be spotty from time to time on my Echo Dot: Maybe I was unclear, or unspecific, maybe I spoke too silently or my dishwasher is running loud.  For the Echo Auto, I just don't understand.  Often times the device hears the wake-word, and then does not respond.  Other times, there will be a significant delay between what was requested and the function taking place.As a Bluetooth receiver:  Connectivity is a problem about 90% of the time.  It will play a song you requested one minute, and the next not respond at all.As a Digital Assistant: Idk what happened to my girl Alexa, but I'm afraid on this platform she's significantly less able to recognize my commands or carry them out when prompted.  Even with the engine off and windows rolled up, the phone beside it on the dashboard, it becomes cumbersome and incredibly frustrating to get even the most simple instructions through.As a Product: What a shame.  I figured the negative reviews were just the haters.  I know voice controlled devices can be finicky, and i love my echo dot and Amazon Music app, but this fails so miserably for the least conceivable of reasons.  Not to mention the plate of wire spaghetti hanging from my dashboard.99% of the time I unplug the device out of frustration.  I'm sure amazon has a 5tb hard disk of voice recordings of me calling Alexa awful things.Just use the app, this was a waste of time and money.  What a shame."	1	June 4, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a big fan of the Echo Dot. I've got a couple of them and they do a pretty good job of figuring out what I am asking for, most of the time. I got on the list for the Echo Auto as soon as it came out, and was pretty excited by the prospect of being able to access Amazon Music from the car, along with using Alexa to get directions, answer questions, and so on.Sadly, I've been disappointed by the Auto. My experience with it has been frustrating, starting with the first day I turned it on. Pairing with my phone was problematic, although it eventually worked for some reason. (I've seen similar comments from other people, too.) Once that was working, I found that the microphone array doesn't work as well as the Dot, by a long shot. Most of the time, I have to repeat things multiple times, getting louder and louder, to the entertainment of the other people sitting at traffic lights with me. After eventually getting music to play, it is difficult to change or stop the music that's playing. It's quite frustrating to ask for songs by one artist and, instead, get a continuation of the last artist that played. In some cases, you can fix things by fiddling with the phone, but that defeats the purpose of a hands-free device. Overall, it's been a disappointment. Perhaps a future software upgrade will make it more fun to use, but for now I rarely bother with it when I'm driving. The radio doesn't answer questions or give directions, but I can change stations without any problems.	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATE: After posting this review Amazon Tech Support contacted me and after some troubleshooting got my Echo Auto up and running again. I very much appreciate the proactive call and fix.I really liked the idea of the Amazon Echo Auto, I have many other echo devices, thought this would be a great addition. I was fortunate enough to get an invite to pick the device up at 50% off. As with the other Echo devices, the voice recognition, the sound quality and the overall integration of Alexa was great. The form factor is nice, the wires wrap up under the device stand so it's not a mess on your dashboard. The down side is the device became more of a hinderance and headache. Starting up the car it wouldn't connect to my phone, I would have to reboot the Echo, then wait a minute, then I would have to select the device on my phone's bluetooth list. While driving it would work very well then it would lose connection. Anytime I got out of the car for any length of time and got back in I would have to go through this whole connection cycle. As of now, the Echo Auto cannot connect to the Alexa app on my phone. I tried to reset it up as a new device but it just doesn't come up in the app at all.With all that said, I do this this is a great idea, however it's not quite there yet. Especially at the asking price of $50. I'd give it a year to see if Amazon can fix the connectivity issues before buying.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was not very impressed with the Echo Auto.  I super excited to get it.  We are 100 percent an Amazon family and have the tablets, firesticks, dots, echo, etc.  I thought this would be a great addition.  Here are the problems I found.  One it has too many wires that get in the way.  Really eats the battery on my phone by using Bluetooth. Offers 8 speakers and find myself either shouting or picking up unit to talk to it for Alexa to  hear me.  Interfers with my GPS / phone.  I used it on a long trip for continuous music but unplugged when I needed to do something else.  Forget trying to connect while driving through Amazon App you MUST pull over to be safe and manage your way through the various connection screens.  It does prompt you not to setup while driving, just letting you know it's not possible and be focused on road.  That part is good but gets annoying if it disconnects which is does from time to time.  I think this has the potential to be amazing but needs some tweaks.  The Echo Auto adapter easily fits in vent and no problem staying, has nice magnetic hold to keep it in place.  As of now I find it too aggravating to use unless I am driving longer distances and I carry back up power source for phone from Bluetooth draining it. Has potential but just not yet in my humble opinion.	2	November 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really wanted to like this product.  I preordered it as soon as it was advertised.  It was easy to set up, and I was ready to go.  Then, I discovered it frequently would not work.  I will give the wake-word and although the blue light comes on, nothing else happens.  While this is frustrating, it also has a ""bad habit"" of doing something else.  You can be listening to it, playing a game, etc., when it will suddenly announce ""I am having trouble connecting to the network.  Please try again later.""  Typically, it will work immediately upon requesting the action you were either in the process of, or trying to do.  Either way, it is annoying to have it suddenly stop mid-sentence.  Finally, the there are too many times your will say the wake-word, the blue light comes on, and following your request, nothing happens.With all  that said, when it does work, it is great!  I just wish it worked without the troubles I outlined here on a regular basis!"	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"1st Try:  Tried 6 times to set it up and it hung in various stages.  I never got it to work.  Would show up in the list in Alexa App, select it, then ""Add Accessory"" (what's that?) would never populate.  Other times (after reset, disconnecting/forgetting BT) it showed up on the accessory list and then couldn't connect.  In BT settings it showed as connected.  Besides not working, the power cord is huge and sticks out of the side about 1-2"" because it's just a microusb cord stuck in the side of it.  All in all, a bad experience with a questionable product at best.  I have a X series iPhone so it should work with the BT on my phone but does not.2nd Try: Amazon's excellent customer service reached out to me after I posted this 1 star review and inquired about the issue.  They sent me these instructions:-Forget or un-pair the device from your phone's Bluetooth settings.-Unplug the Echo Auto-Turn on your phone's Airplane mode-Restart your phone.-Turn airplane mode off-Plug in the Echo Auto & attempt the setup process again.Thought I would share in case this can help somebody get their unit working.  I did those instructions and it seemed to work.  I was able to get to the point of where it said it was ready for use!  The only disappointing thing is that when I then said ""Alexa, what time is it?"", all I got was a blue light that came on and then went off.  It recognized the wake word, so I figured the microphone was working and the output to the speaker *was* working a minute earlier but no sound from it.  I spent another 20 minutes trying to see get it working, but with no success.  An Internet search turned up lots of other users having the same issue.  I finally decided to return it only to find out that my time to return it was up a week ago. :(  I guess I got a couple of expensive short cords out of the deal.  Echo Auto is not worth spending any more time on."	1	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There is an annoying pause before it connects and doesn't seem to integrate with car well. I'm scheduled for an oil change and they're going to check and see if it needs a software upgrade. If your old you may want to get a 13 year old to help you set it up. 😂lol	3	January 8, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You must pair the device to your phone and either use your car's Bluetooth or an aux cable for sound. If you use the aux cable, you need to remember to have aux selected and your speakers turned up. I had difficulty getting it set up, but as soon as I got on the phone with an Amazon rep, it immediately started working. I love my 2 Dots and my 1 Show, and I'm sure that I will eventually love my Echo Auto. It will be great for long drives. I wish the unit itself had a speaker, so someone didn't have to switch the car's audio input everytime it's in use, since listening to music on it uses my phone data.	3	June 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this basically for the directions functionality in connection with my phone.  Was excited over the possibility of the directions coming through the car speakers and not just through my phone.My phone does connect to the speakers of the car via bluetooth and I answer & make calls frequently while driving through this bluetooth technology.Was extremely disappointed when the first time out, with the maps on the phone, I asked for direction giving the address, and Alexa advised me that 'humm, I don't know the answer to that'.  Ended up hitting go to the directions on my phone thinking that the directions would still come through the car speakers, but no such luck.I also asked Alexa to call my son's mobile and again got the response that 'I don't know the answer to that'!!!  Ended up using Siri to make the phone call.Now if I asked her to play Pandora or to tell a joke - No problem - Alexa for auto could handle the simple mundane request.Overall a great disappointment and glad that I ordered it on PRIME day and didn't pay full price for it!!	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"There are a few teething problems that need sorting out. This is nowhere near market ready.It's a pain to set up in the UK as you have to change your account to be run from amazon.com and then return it to amazon.co.uk afterwards.Making a voice call just now failed as the phone didn't make it via bluetooth, but other echo calls have worked.When asking for directions, it can be a real pain for it to actually start directing you, if at all. It doesn't recognise any street names, and when you ask for directions to a business/shop etc. . . then it directs you somewhere many miles away.It hears you well over road noise but could do with stopping the music immediately when it hears 'Alexa' rather than waiting a moment as it can get confused listening to you and the music.When asking to play music, most of the time it plays what you were last listening to on Spotify, but occasionally it starts playing some rubbish that you haven't requested and is nothing like anything you've ever listened to before.There should be an option to change the wake word. I now have to use ""Echo"" at home and on my phone, buy ""Alexa"" in the car.When brought to the UK market, I would hope they turn the logo on it upside down. If you want your power cord on the passenger side so it doesn't get in the way then you need to turn that frown upside down instead of having the smiley Amazon logo."	2	October 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My unit has difficulty connecting to Bluetooth and tells me when safe to open Alexa app on phone to connect. Eventually my car finds unit but still not quite sure what the bug is that keeps this from working smoothly. Don’t like the added distraction of trying to wake up Alexa while on the road as the main reason for buying this was to minimize distracted driving.	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for this. Maybe too high. I was hoping that this would magically integrate Alexa into a newer vehicle that has Android auto and the iPhone equivalent, but alas I was disappointed.While as the voice recognition was arguably better than Android auto, there were major software conflicts when trying to use it. I was trying to charge my phone and use it at the same time and I ended up with a brick instead of a smart device. Android auto automatically launches when an inabled phone is plugged into the vehicle and my car just wasn't sure who was in command of the radio.Now one would think, just turn off Android auto and your problems are gone. Well you'd be correct, except I prefer a visual aid opposed to all audio GPS. It worked fine for that, but if you have a display in your vehicle why not utilize it to its max?No issues with the set-up. That was easy enough.This would probably be a great addition to any vehicle that doesn't have an infotainment center that's preloaded with all the bells and whistles. Feels behind the times to me in the sense that they should have just pushed for an over the air update that would install the Alexa option on the vehicle its self opposed to a dongle that basically doesn't work for modern vehicles.If your car has a Bluetooth enabled stereo but no GPS, this could be a good investment, aside from the fact that there's no screen and it would be turn by audio instructions and I'm sure Google maps would work just as well.Pretty little LED bar. Fancy colors. Responsive. Visually obtrusive when mounted on the dash or vent. Feels like a toy. Requires a power cord. Pre- 2010 vehicle is probably the target market.This is all based off my personal experience and maybe I'll improve my rating after getting some feedback on it from whoever I give this to. If this was released 5-10 years ago I'd give it a 5 but it's 2019 and most modern vehicles already have this in the form of Siri or Google.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I could not get it to run in my car it hooked up and did everything was supposed to be done and still will not work right	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"**1 year update: this product did not get any better like I thought it might.  In general, it functions correctly (as in actually does what you tell it) about 20% of the time. I'm not asking a lot of it either, basically just playing/skipping songs and placing calls.  Currently, if I answer a call, the person on the other end hears their voice repeated back to them. When I'm not on a call, the device lights up green like there's an active call. It's been like this for days. The Alexa app used 13% of my phone's battery over the last 12 hours, despite the Echo being on for about 30 minutes.  Still having many of the same issues from a year ago too.  It's basically useful as a bluetooth to aux adapter at this point.Original review:Voice recognition seems decent even at loud highway speeds, but actual functionality is extremely limited and buggy (for now). Sometimes disconnects from the Alexa app (most likely due to phone's battery saver, so I can't blame the Echo for this). Sometimes doesn't respond at all until you unplug it and plug it back in, even when pushing the Alexa button. Often will correctly interpret something (get directions, for example) but then nothing happens. Can't skip songs without cell service. Can't skip songs if you start playing music manually (on the phone rather than using Alexa, I was told this wouldn't be an issue if you start music (i.e. Spotify) from the Alexa app). Sometimes will say ""sorry, I can't do that right now"" repeatedly when trying to skip a song. Had to do a factory reset to pair with new phone. Asked Alexa to ""call *state* highway patrol"", she said that highway patrol wasn't in my contacts. Asked to look up the phone number; ""sorry, I don't know that"".I've had the Echo Auto for a few months, and the functionality seems to be improving gradually.It would be nice to be able to skip songs by double-pressing the Alexa button.Overall, software is very buggy, but likely to improve.  The device itself works fine."	1	December 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Having an echo in the car is undoubtedly useful. I am now able to ensure that all the house lights are turned off, alarms are set. I can set reminders for myself in the car, which is great, because it's always frustrating to think of something in the car only to forget it after. I have not used it for navigation or music.However, the echo is unbelievably dependent on your car's functionality. Makes sense, because bluetooth can only go so far. But if I'm connected to my car's bluetooth for music, and then to the echo auto, it has a lag. A long lag. In fact, I often get a 3-5 second lag. I drive a Toyota RAV4 2015 model, so not exactly an old car either. It's very annoying to have to wait a bit every single time you use it.""I'm having trouble connecting to the Alexa app."" Get ready to hear this all the time. After your car starts up, it will say it. It could take more than a couple minutes sometimes. And sometimes, it will happen in the middle of a drive.Worst of all, its voice recognition is not perfect. I know cars have a lot of background sound especially on the highway, but I'm also talking much louder than at home to compensate. I've tried saying some simple commands and she often just doesn't respond. I can't tell if my command worked. And then I have to keep second guessing it, or re-trying. Either way, not something you want to be doing while driving.Echo auto is a great idea. But it needs massive improvements."	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love Echo devices. I have 5 in different parts of the house, and I bought two more for my parents for their house. The AI (""Alexa"") is not without its (""her"") flaws, but the voice recognition is usually really good. Even if I stutter, the thing still usually knows what I meant.I have no trouble getting Echo Auto to connect to phone and car. The hardware is tiny and easy to mount. My problem with this device is that it's got cruddy voice recognition. It does alright with engine noise, but its generally flummoxed by the sounds of my climate control system (AC/heat). It also struggles to hear me if music is playing, even pretty quietly. This, combined with the generally less-effective voice controls, means I spend a lot of time screaming at the thing to shut up, then reaching for fan and volume controls, trying to make her stop playing a song I never asked for, have never heard of, and don't like.I purchased my speaker at a discount. After requesting my ""invite,"" it took the better part of a year to actually get the thing. I don't remember too many products that I've so eagerly awaited and found to be so lacking. I'm not disappointed  enough that I don't use the thing at all, but certainly not every day. And, while 25 bucks is not an insane price for an item that performs like a beta test, I couldn't justify spending twice that on one. And I won't be buying another."	2	February 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Falta mejorar bastante el reconocimiento de voz hay que hablar bastante fuerte para que funcione bien y en las llamadas se escucha bastante ruido del otro lado por lo demás cumple su función	3	March 2, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this, but it looks like it's going to end up in my junk drawer of early adopter purchases that didn't work out. I've had the same connection issues as others have reported. You can't listen to the radio and have it on Aux at the same time to hear Alexa. I can't for the life of me find a consistent way to get navigation to work. Sometimes I can use the Auto to start Spotify but not stop it. I've found that my phone stays connected to the Auto even after turning my vehicle off (I guess the cigarette lighter socket stays hot), so if I forget to unplug it (which is finicky) I will answer calls on my phone but can't hear them talking because audio is going to the Auto in the garage. I've also started having a strange behaviour where a kid will ask Alexa somewhere else in the house to play music and instead it will start playing on my phone... During calls I'm on for work. After apologizing to clients about Fortnite themesongs and princess soundtracks multiple times I'm about to lose my mind. I don't know for sure it's Auto related, but it started doing it right after setting up the device and I've had lots of other Echo devises before with no problem. This is the first one that's so closely linked to my phone so it's certainly suspicious. (And if anyone else has experienced this and has a solution, if love to hear it.) Two stars for a neat idea, but there are too many problems to recommend it to others.	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I want to start with saying that I was going to return this product but I was really just to lazy. I tried connecting it to my 2015 BMW X5, which has bluetooth capabilities. I could never get the thing to connect! I was using an iPhone XR and I tried and tried and it just wouldn't connect. I started the return process since I wasn't gonna be able to use the product. I never got around to dropping it off to be shipped out. Several months later I got a new car (2019 BMW 430i Gran Coupe) and I thought ""why not give it a try"". It connected to this car with no issue. I HATE the look of the wires and the vent mount so I keep this in my center console where it is not visible and it has not interfered with the function of the microphone at all. I find it useful in doing things handfree instead of using the wheel to navigate through my infotainment systems menus. It's not a bad product and its really not that expensive but I wouldn't consider it a must-have."	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love the idea of this, but there's been issues. My wife and I both got one because we use Alexa to bring some extra sanity to our busy lives. I love the audible integration and she loves making lists of things on the go. The main issues I've experienced has been centered around the integration/connection to my phone's Alexa app and it not working anywhere close to 100%. In a normal commuting week I probably have to open the Alexa app on my phone a couple days. This is not a huge deal to me and I would gladly start a habit of opening my app each time I got in the truck, but the major issue is when it just doesn't respond to anything. Say the wake word, it chimes and lights up blue like normal, ""Play my audio book"" (or whatever), and nothing. No error message, nothing to indicate it understood. Sometimes there's the blue light flashing like it's working and then it will turn off. Sometimes it doesn't do anything. In these situations, the best I can hope for is to unplug the USB to knock out power and plug it back in. This rarely fixes the issue and I can't really fiddle with the thing while I'm driving in traffic.All that said, I really like the thing and I'm sure it will be improved. I almost never get a great experience from first generation hardware so I can deal with it for now, but unless there's improvement via updates I'll be watching for competition to see who's going to provide the best in-car experience."	2	November 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No issues with set-up. Synced, paired, etc no problems. Not a fan of the silly mount to the air vent. Would love to see some kind of clip or velcro option.  I use a Windshield heat blocker and It's hard not to pop the Alexa taking it in and out.  No problems with voice recognition to play Audible, SiriusXM, directions, making calls. Does cause some issues with Apple Car Play since the BT trumps car play when trying to make calls. This would be a great purchase for anyone who has a BT-capable car thats lacks Apple Car Play of the Google equivalent. The biggest win for this product is not having to look away from the road or take a hand of the wheel to make calls, get directions, play music etc. Almost bought it at $50, bought it at $30 (and feel it worth it), now it's $20.	3	October 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product is great. But the delivery was needed next day delivery. Didn't get it until Monday. very upset with that.	3	April 19, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this during the Amazon Prime days for $15 so it’s not a terrible disappointment but I would be disappointed if it had our full price. I don’t like having to run the cord (messy) in plain view-that’s a me thing. I have not found that it is terribly helpful. It has to be hooked up with Bluetooth and when I have it set to Bluetooth so that I can hear her respond I cannot have the radio on. So I find myself flipping back and forth from my favorite radio station and the Bluetooth function if I need it. Honestly I don’t use it enough to say so and at home I use Alexa ALL THE TIME!	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like having my Alexa devices at home although the AI interface is not very mature and seemingly simple commands or questions are more often than not responded with, 'I'm sorry, I don't know that'.  Attempting to play an Amazon Music playlist by voice command is challenging as she often misinterprets what you're asking and plays something else.  Then there's the issue of the music just suddenly stopping for no reason.  No voice commands, no reminders, just stops.Still there was some value and fun with having the Alexa that I liked the idea of having it in my car so I could add to shopping lists, set reminders, calendar items, etc., as I often remember those while in my car.  I also like to play Amazon Music in the car.  For the most part, Alex Auto does an adequate job of this, but the same questions for the AI still cause problems, and the car version just shuts down periodically altogether.Hopefully the devices and AI will become better and better over time, but right now it's a 6 out of 10 at best for me.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought it was just me, that I was doing something wrong, but I echo what others have said about this device.  It only works intermittently and even then not for long - and all the resetting in hopes that one time will be the one to make it work effectively….  I was excited about this product and the few times it worked the sound quality was great (why I gave it 2 stars, but leaning more toward 1), but I am disappointed as I had expectations it would be as good as all the echos in my home, and that I could listen to my Audible books on the go for a change- one time, ONE, I was able to do so.  I have yet to return it, as I hope all these negative reviews will get AMAZON in motion to fix this product, but maybe I should just throw my hands up and go back to what I’ve known - my car stereo and navigation on my iPhone, with no way to play my Audible books or have a little fun on the road with all echo can do … (sigh)	2	July 12, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car is a 2010 Honda CRV.  It has a usb connection to integrate a phone or iPod to the car's audio system, but it has no Bluetooth and no audio jack.  These are the  two ways the directions say to add Echo Auto to a car - connect with Bluetooth or via an audio cable into the car's audio jack.  The set up should be simple, since the Echo tells you what to do and asks questions about your progress, but it didn't like my answers.  Finally, I just did as I was told and inserted a stereo cable into the audio jack of the Echo with the other end going nowhere.  That satisfied the Echo's requirements and got me out of the setup loop.  The echo then it linked to my phone via Bluetooth, bypassing the car's audio system entirely.  So how does that work?  Well, the sound output is very weak, but I can ask Alexa questions (what time is it, what's the weather, what's on my to do list and have her add items to my lists.)  I cannot play music from my phone through the echo to the car's sound system, but if I wanted to do that, I would just hook up my phone to the usb (the Echo uses that for charging).  I am sure, with a newer car, I would enjoy the better sound level, but I am happy to have Alexa on board to take notes when I need her to.	2	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Took several attempts to get Echo Auto to pair with my phone, and it won't stay paired consistently.  I frequently listen to satellite radio, but I didn't want to set up my account on the carrier's app and depend on my phone for all entertainment.  I asked for directions, and the Alexa app on my phone called up a Google Map of my destination on the screen of my phone, but would not call out directions (like the app already on the phone that is supposed to make driving easier and safer).  I received this unit through a promotion from Nationwide Insurance, and I'm glad I did not pay $$$ for it, however I could probably get more benefits from the Echo Auto if I spent more time learning how to set it up and use it.  My primary use is to have it set up in my car as a hands-free device so I can make phone calls and send text messages while driving, since my car is older and doesn't have built-in Bluetooth integration.  For that it works OK.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Original device didn’t work.  Spent hours on chat with 3 different tech support people - none could get it to work.  So they finally authorized a replacement, but said I had to return the defective unit. They sent me an email with instructions on how to return it, said the UPS people would scan a QR code that was in the email.  There is no UPS store within a 50 mile radius of where I live, so I tried returning it to a Kohl’s store.  They couldn’t do it and said I had to take it to a UPS store.  So I went to a local PacMail store, where they ship things via UPS, FedEx, DHL, etc.  They told me they couldn’t scan the QR code, either - it had to be a UPS store.  I could go about 60 miles away to Memphis to send it via a UPS store, or about 70 miles away in Searcy, AR, or about 50 mile West to Batesville, AR, but no UPS stores are closer than that.  Since the item was a gift from my father for my birthday, I couldn’t modify the order - I didn’t place the order - so I couldn’t change the shipping/return shipment to select Kohl’s.  😡One the bright side, they new device worked as soon as I plugged it in.  But...it is pretty useless.  I can get directions to wherever I am going through my phone.  I can listen to music via Bluetooth on my car stereo with my phone.  So I can’t tell Alexa to add something to my shopping list...unless I use the app on my phone...so the Echo Auto is a waste.	1	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'll start by saying both my home and office are wired with Alexa and I'm a big fan. I was so excited to get my invite for the auto one and have used it for several months. And I WANT to love it. But......it's the most frustrating, barely working, hit or miss electronic device I've ever wanted to toss out a window at 65 mph. You have to connect it all the time. Every time you get in the car (open app, wait FOREVER, finally connects), if you turn the car off, if you breathe in the wrong direction.......Which I would totally deal with if it then worked. And 50% of the time, it does. I get weather, my flash briefing, any songs I want (I also have music unlimited). The other half the time, I cannot even fathom what it is doing. It gives me random playlists that aren't mine. It doesn't respond at all. It keeps saying connection lost. Ask it to shuffle....it gives you a whole new playlist of songs you've never heard of, never asked for, and don't want to listen to. Tell it to stop.....nope, it doesn't know stop today. You have to stop it via the app. It's an exercise in frustration, so if you have other alternatives through your car's own system or an app - DEFINITELY do that over this. I'm hoping someday it gets better, but I'll probably have run over mine long before that happens.	2	February 24, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was part of the pre purchase program. I am an Alexa guy, and own every possible device in my home. I thought it would be terrific to have Alexa in my car. First the mount is awful, the glue gave out after 1 day on the cord keeper. The vent mount is clumsy and does not take into account that most vents are recessed, and the plug is not long enough, plus it's difficult to see the light on the device. It was difficult to get it set up, and when you do it's not that responsive. I carry 2 phones with me, and I started it on my personal phone, but it got confused with the 2 phones, so I changed it to my work phone. When it does respond, it will not let the radio return to it's last function so you have to change your input back to what you were listening to before you asked Alexa a question. It's a great idea, but needs a lot of work. I hope Amazon will heed the reviews and go back to the drawing board. Great idea, poor execution.	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had Alexa Auto in my car for about a week, and the jury is still out. There are some things I like about it, when it works. I like being able to add to a shopping list when I think about it, or playing Jeopardy. But when I tried to ask for directions, it tired to direct me somewhere a thousand miles away instead of the local place I wanted to go to. I have to have the setting on Bluetooth or aux in order for the sound to work, which means Alexa won't respond if I'm listening to my satellite radio or any other sound source. Also, I played an audiobook with a character named Alexa and every time Alexa heard the word, she tried to respond and even though I said ""stop"" and ""cancel,"" the recording froze and played that section over and over and over again - I had to fast forward past the spot. As I said, I've only had it about a week, and maybe I'll find it's worthwhile, but for now, I'm not finding a lot of advantages."	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I thought this was a great idea, but only works sometimes.Pros:good for listening to musicpeople can actually hear me if I use it for making hands-free callsCan send and read text messagesCons:When you say ""Alexa play music""  she only starts playing  75 % of the timeAsking for directions: Alexa will find you the closest store you are asking for but then will not start giving directions when you ask her too.  Even though she asks ""Would you like me to take you there"" then you respond ""yes"" and Alexa says ""OK finding directions"", dead silence after thatAsking Alexa to make a call or send text only works <50% of the time, either she goes silent or says there she can find your contact.  Even though she found your contact on another occasion.While I like listening to music with Alexa, that's about all it is good for.  Therefore I only gave it 3 stars would have 2.5 but I was feeling generous and rounded up .  Hoping Amazon can fix some of the glitches"	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I expected it to work just like my echo dot when I got it a few months ago. It took some time setting up, the customer service was helpful there. After using it for several months now I would say that it’s definitely not as great as echo dot or any at home Alexa product. It’s good for music- plays what you command it to, after a few seconds. It can answer questions after a few seconds time lag. The problem is the time delay and inability to understand your answers when playing word games or any question answer games. It just keeps messing up. My kids and I were excited that we’ll have the ability to play all those games on long drives, but we gave up playing any of the games soon, it was just too frustrating repeating answers 10 times. Now it’s used just for music or when we have a question which we think Alexa will have answer to.	3	June 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works well when it works. connection issues are constant.Also I think there are conflicts between one or more alexa-auto devices. I can not connect my wife's car when both our phones are in the car.	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Useful as an ""away from home"" Alexa device, to control items in the house, but a few things missing from the car aspect that would have been most useful for me.  It does not play songs that are present on your phone, it will only stream from a service (Amazon Music, Apple Music, etc.)  I have thousands of songs on my phone that i'd prefer to access, and can do that via bluetooth and the cars own system, but not via Echo Auto.  It would also be nice if navigation could integrate with the cars nav, haven't been able to do that, although i can't say it isn't possible or not.Also, i've had enough bluetooth connectivity issues that the Echo Auto is currently unplugged in my car until i can stabilize this.When it was working, it did well in hearing me over any volume music or road noise, and Alexa came through cleanly.  Made calls just fine.  Turned on house lights fine, set reminders, and did all the little appy things like tell a joke, gave notifications, etc., as well as my house Dot."	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have a 2018 Toyota Prius Prime Advanced Plug-In. The Echo Auto I bought was intended for the aforementioned car. The first problem I had was that the air vent mount had only four positions and a horribly designed rubber ball with slots in it. After much frustration I finally was able to get it installed into an air vent.When I set up the Echo Auto, I had trouble connecting to my iPhone and the car via Bluetooth, but it finally ""worked itself out"".The audio quality of the Echo Auto I found to be horrible as it uses some type of Bluetooth passthrough or forwarding to connect to one's cell phone and then to one's car's Bluetooth audio. Also, whenever I asked the Echo Auto to play a song, it would only play from my Spotify app.After fiddling with the thing it suddenly fell off the air vent and dropped to the floor of the car. I have a Joby GripTight in which I mount my iPhone X and it fits the Prius's vents perfectly, without falling off.Another let down is that it seems like the Echo Auto cannot interface with the big touch screen in my Prius's head unit. This is strange because one of the survey questions for this review was ab out my experience with the touchscreen feature. I talked to an Amazon tech support rep and they said that the Echo Auto had no ""touchscreen feature"".I'd like to be able to use Alexa in the car, but as of now the Echo auto is pretty useless because of the problems mentioned above.Another bad design decision on Amazon's part, IMNSHO, is that one has to have USB power cable stretching from  an air vent and then down to, say, a USB charger in your car's 12V outlet.Maybe it's just me, but, I wouldn't recommend the Echo Auto for vehicles with built-in multimedia systems and high end head units and displays, as it really doesn't add much and the sound quality is ( or was now? ) poor.In conclusion, I'll buy another one once Amazon gets the design right, based on customer reviews."	1	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Too many times cannot connect to your iPhone. Or to the Network. When it works, it’s great with Spotify. Just frustrating at times	3	April 5, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If your looking to give your car a Bluetooth interface this is a reasonable way to do this but probably a little bit pricey compared to other options. My biggest complaints are essentially two problems. 1) Does not buffer or has a very small one. Any drop in connection from your cell phone or its cell service will terminate what your listening to either briefly or all together. This is super annoying. Any of your music service apps will buffer the songs so brief interruptions do not effect your listening experience. The Echo will allow you to play these from your phone through the Echo to your car stereo. 2) Connects to the Internet through BT requiring Alexa app to be running in the background. This also requires you to hit a button to insist you are a passenger in the car if you are trying to do anything with the app while on the road. Probably the worst part of this is that it doesn't always, in fact for me rarely, sync back up to the app correctly rendering it useless unless you muck with it to correct the problem (of course not wise to do while driving.)Prior to buying this I just used one of the puck sized Echos connected through my hotspot. This was a little annoying to set up initially but reliable once completed and its easy to find them on sale for about half the price of the Echo Auto.This still needs work for me to really recommend to any one or buy as a Christmas gift for friends and family.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update: Having the issue others are describing, random disconnects between the device and the app.  I dont know if this is an app issue or a device issue but when it happens mid-directions on the highway it becomes a little problematic as you cant just stop and get it going again; have had to go back to using google maps on my phone.  I still really like the idea of alexa in the car but as long as its dependent on an app on my phone I'm not sure how much practical use I will get from it.Its awesome having Alexa in the car, I can add things to lists that pop into my head when driving, check appointments, weather, everything and not take my hands off the wheel.  I can also set appointments to my calendar while driving (I sync Alexa with my Google Calendar).  Until I can afford a brand new car with all this built in, its an affordable way to gain the functionality and services Alexa offers.  The device itself is very small and light and fits easily on the vent.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This was for my wife's car.  I initially set it up on my LG phone to test it. Seemed to work ok. Then got my wife to part with her phone Samsung phone for a while to set it up on the Echo Auto. With both phones running Android 10, I expected the performance of the Echo Auto to be similar.  Nope.  With my phone, Alexa's voice came through the car's stereo, and responded to ""Alexa"".  On her phone, everything came through the phone itself, not the stereo. Also, about every 5 minutes, she would get an alert on her phone that Alexa was ""ready"".  So she gave up on it, and told me to keep it for my car."	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Alexa tablets, an Echo, and a Dot (the big one with good sound).  The interaction with this device is a bit more clunky than the other devices.  It is small.  It is a bit larger than half of a pack of cards.  It integrates okay with my 2012 Honda CRV SiriusXM radio.  I wish that there were more mounting options included.  The price should be lower.  It could almost be a device that velcros to the wind shield with a solar cell powering it with replaceable rechargable battery to do away with the cords.  (I hope I get a cut of the profit for giving them this suggestion) :)	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sitting here being used as a paper weight, I cannot see the benefit to this unless you are totally in the Alexa system. I installed it twice and after a couple of weeks remove it.  My 2009 Corvette has no Bluetooth but it does have an AUX that works fine,  so I plug this into the AUX and now I have Bluetooth connection to the phone that connects half the time which was probably the most frustrating as it would disconnect and reconnect on its own, I also now have more wires running around my dash that looks sloppy.I will continue to just plug my phone into the AUX without this Alexa device and just say OK google and I can pretty much do the same stuff like ask for navigation, play music, make phone calls, etc.  Also you can use Android Auto on the phone and do the same.  Perhaps the array of Mikes may be better but I have not had any issues with my Samsung S10.  Bottom line, its just a redundant component that I see no need for.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had this for over a year and one day I go to take it off the mount its just a magnet and it fell right apart. Its sad because I really wanted to like this but its just easier to use it on your phone and mount that. Don't Waste your money.	2	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Update: I've had this for a few weeks and it can be annoying at times. They took this out of the lab too quick. I have to unplug it at least once after starting my truck up and I close and reopen the Alexa app on my phone before cranking as well, that usually allows the echo to start, however when it doesn't start you sit there repeatedly saying ""Alexa"" every few minutes and have to listen to her excuses why she isn't ready. All they have to do is program the unit to make a sound or say something when it is ready for use, and fix the app/Bluetooth connection issues. Don't get me wrong, I still like it and use it every day but they could've made this a lot better with just a little more thought and effort.Sometimes it takes a little while to connect, I usually unplug it and plug it back in. Other than that, its great. I love being able to decide what song gets played next just by telling her to play a song I haven't heard in 20 years."	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love having Alexa in my car and available to play my Amazon song list and/or there when I have a question.The only downside I've found was the connection/ sometimes lack of connection to Alexa Auto. Sometimes it'll take a good 10 minutes for her to connect to my phone's bluetooth which is especially inconvenient because she tells me to connect to the Alexa app, and after trying multiple times (sometimes I'm driving) which is frustrating.Another issue I have is after leaving my car to go into the store, house, etc...,  all calls and texts will go to Alexa auto and not my cell phone. So I don't get the calls. If I happen to see (not hear) someone calling, i dont hear them because apparently the call is going through my Alexa auto in my car. I could turn off the bluetooth option during the call and it still reconnects to Alexa auto on its own. Each time I leave the car I have to either turn off bluetooth or unplug Alexa to prevent this from happening.  Then I have to go through the reconnection issues once again.  Really annoying.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was extremely excited about getting my echo auto! Spending realistically thousands of dollars on Amazon a year, I’m a very loyal customer so another product from the company was pretty easy for me to make the decision. However, when I got the device and connected it to my car, it wasn’t a very easy process and took almost 45 minutes to connect. After connecting and testing the waters for a few days I came to realize that the device doesn’t not pick up responses easily and is difficult to maintain connection with my phone. My car has to be almost silent for the device to activate by my voice. Then, when it does register my command, it rarely takes action- the echo will act as though it is registering your command for about a minute and then fall silent. I think that Amazon may be on the verge of something great, but I see quite a few improvements needed as well. All in all, compared to the price of the item. You get what you pay for and I would buy it again. It definitely isn’t as helpful as a household echo though.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product should destroy satellite radio by giving the user total control over their streamed content, but presently it is a frustrating device. Without solving some key problems, users will find that shouting at Siri or Google is more convenient than interacting with Auto Alexa.First: Network Connectivity. Auto Alexa loses the network with great frequency. This disrupts the active streaming content, causes Alexa to fail to understand or comply with commands, and lasts for periods of time from seconds to minutes.Second: Competing Alexa Connections. If you, a family member or guest are streaming Amazon Music on a device at home, Auto Alexa will require that the other streaming device must stop streaming Amazon Music before Auto Alexa will stream Amazon Music in your car.Third: Lingering Bluetooth Connection. After parking your car, if Auto Alexa remains powered, your phone will stay paired while you remain in range. Calls will be silent and muted until you manually kill the connection to Auto Alexa.Super frustrating issues that, imho, should have been addressed before the commercial roll out.Edit: All of the above problems continue. Downgrading to two stars (originally 3) because there has been no appreciable effort to address these problems. Another concern in the “Lingering Bluetooth Connection” category relates to cars with constant-on power outlets. Unless you physically unplug the device, Echo Auto will continue to attempt to connect with your phone when you are not in it. Mechanics call this a voltage parasite, and will be happy to sell you a new battery when it kills your old one.NOT recommended.	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very difficult to set up. Once set up I could not get the device to work if I used Google Maps. It requires me to look closely at the phone screen, click the multi menu hotspot on the phone, click the Alexa app, talk and then reverse the process to continue to use maps. What good is that? This could cause an accident. I use Google Maps for many reasons and had thought by the description that it worked just by talking to it like the ones I have at home.If I have not set it up properly, I strongly urge that the company provide better setup instructions. As of now, I would not recommend buying the unit.On the plus side, I like the design, the way it attaches to the vent and the power cord. If it worked by voice while using maps I would be very happy.	3	August 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Overall I'm fairly disappointed with this product. I've had it about five months now. I got it for a few basic purposes, to set reminders for myself, message my wife, play music, and to do internet searches for topics that I wondered about during my commute. It's still in my commuter car, and occasionally used.The good:- It is extermely easy to setup, and accounts for BlueTooth lag. Such as in the Honda vehicles that have incorrectly implemented the BlueTooth standard, and has up to six seconds of latency between commands.- For the things I purchased this for: it easily sets reminders, and plays music.- I got it at half price for $25, which one would think was a good deal.The bad:- I haven't found out a way to download playlists or stations. So every song hits my data.- I haven't figured out a way to message my wife via SMS.- This POS is massively mobile data dependant. If you do not have perfect mobile data to your mobile phone, then don't bother getting this. Every little hiccup in mobile data causes bad behavior in this device. Some times Alexa notifies you ""your mobile device has lost connection to the internet."" Some times it just appears to hang with dead air. If you don't have mobile data connection you will only get ""your mobile device has lost connection to the internet."" This device has zero ability to do anything at all without an internet connection. It can't create reminders to sync later, it can't run a routine based on cached data, it can't play radio stations, it's essentially a brick. Note this can happen in a region with decent cell coverage. All it takes is a brief hiccup and this device bricks for a few minutes. Which makes it useless unless you are in heavy traffic going slowly in a major urban area. Even then your mileage may vary.Summary: For anything more than $10, I'd take a hard pass, until such time that Amazon makes this device more intelligent and resiliant to brief hiccups in internet connectivity."	1	December 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works....sometimes. I love it when it works. It does lose connection with my smartphone a lot. The concept is great because you can use voice recognition with Alexa just like at home. But, sometimes, even when playing music that you told it to play and it has been playing for a very long time...if you decide to listen to something else, Alexa will not recognize anything or answer back. Many newer vehicles have voice recognition already in them where you have to press a button and say a command. The plus side to Echo Auto is that you are completely hands free until the frustration of Alexa not answering throws you into a fit of road rage with your own sound system. I will say , on a positive note, that you have an old beater car....this is like having a gold bar on your dashboard.  All in all, I do like it when it works, it's a good thing I dont pay it by the hour when I use it though.	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had this since beta and have just been waiting for them to open it up publicly so I could post this review. Echo auto is a terrible product. It would be fine if it worked as it's supposed to - in fact, I loved it for the first few minutes after first unboxing it. It goes downhill from there.It simply doesn't work well. Nearly every time I start up the car it fails to connect automatically to my phone. I've followed any and all recommended solutions such as turning off battery optimization and allowing alexa app to run in background, etc. without luck. I've tried with several mainstream, popular current generation phones. The issue remains - it simply doesn't connect until you manually open the alexa app.Once paired, the problems continue. I primarily would love to use it to control music and Spotify specifically - after all it works great on other echo devices. However, half the time it will just accept my command and then promptly ignore it. If you say 'Play <xyz> on spotify' it will happily repeat back to you 'Playing <xyz> on spotify' and then nothing happens....Sometimes it'll start playing the first thing requested, but if you ask to switch to another artist or playlist, it hears the command and then keeps playing the original.In the end, echo auto was supposed to make my driving safer and more productive. I would avoid the terrible built-in functions on my car, obey hands free laws in my state, and everything would be great. Instead, it's actually made me a worse driver as I spend more time and focus trying to get the thing to function and pair and less focus on my actual driving. I was safer when I simply used my phone while driving.I have since unplugged the device and stopped using it altogether. Also, you'd be surprised just how easy and problem-free simply changing your words from 'alexa <do something>' to ""hey google <do something>"" enabled on android phones by default while driving, no echo auto required - simply pair your phone bluetooth with car and you'll be in better shape."	1	October 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s not a bad idea. I got mine with the pre-order. Only spent $25. I don’t know if I would pay more than that for it.I just wish there was a better way to mount it that didn’t flop to floor when my kids reach for it. And the cords can get a bit annoying.Not Amazons fault, but using in my 08 truck gives some feedback thru the aux port that I’m not crazy about.Most annoying thing for me, is if I don’t unplug the device when I leave the car, it takes priority on my phones Bluetooth over other speakers in the house or my AirPods. And then it takes a few tries to reconnect once I get back in the car and try to hook the Bluetooth back up.But my kids love that Alexa is in the car with them to help them listen to Frozen 2. So that’s a plus.Neat device. I’m sure it will only get better as time and new versions come out.	3	February 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As others have stated this device will work perfectly for a while and then stop working. It also interferes with voice control of Google Assistant. What seems to happen mainly is the Bluetooth connection gets stuck. I have been able to reboot the device simply by disconnecting and again reconnecting Bluetooth setting on my phone. This delete a multiple connections and allows lexa a clear path to work will on. again. Most of the trouble seems to occur when the device is connected to a power outlet that is powered by the ignition switch, vs and outlet that is powered all the time. This can be a real good solution for a radio with a plug in auxillary port. It's sort of redundant if the radio is already Bluetooth capable.	3	March 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I will agree with many here that say this is a beta version. It is half-baked. The problem comes mostly with the communication between the Echo Auto and the App. Whenever it says it can't connect, you have to manually go to the App and hit, ""I'm a Passenger"" for it to work. This does not happen all the time, but enough to make you want to give up. I haven't tried it with Bluetooth since my goal was to use it through the AUX on my older car.  There is no amp on the Echo Auto. On my car, the audio level needs to be cranked to near max. On my wife's car, which is new, the sound is fine. Your mileage will vary. When the Echo Auto does work, its fun. The kids in the back seat love being able to select music or listen to stories on command. And yes, the Echo Auto mics do pick them up from the back. I feel in a generation or two this may be a great way to modernize older cars. But for now, it's just a toy and not a tool."	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge fan of using Alexa in my house-in fact I have 6 devices running my entire home. The Echo Auto has a ways to go to get a bigger star rating right now. I can only use it for long drives as it takes too long to connect and get running for a short drive. I have a classic car without Bluetooth but have a Bluetooth adapter that works great with my phone or with other devices but Alexa takes longer to start working even though it has connected. I am also used to using a different wake word in my house so it makes it difficult to remember that I can't change her wake word for Echo Auto and have to call her Alexa. Really, it should have the same features and work the same way the in-home devices work. It feels like Amazon rushed this out the door before it was fully baked. I still use it but unfortunately can't use it on the short drives just yet. I'm waiting patiently for you to give her the updates she needs in Echo Auto.	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"For some reason, my insurance company sent me this thing for free;  I guess they wanted to ""big Brother"" track my every move in my vehicle?  Anyway, I tried to connect to my vehicle, which auto defaults the vehicle bluetooth connection..  after wrestling with this, and finally getting the Echo device connected to my phone, you run into this thing trying to play noise through my car... how?  the echo overrode the bluetooth connection the car had..  Instructions are minimally useless.  After an hour or so I was finally able to get the phone connected to the Echo, and the Echo connected to the car...  So then the big reveal..  I ask Alexa where the nearest Home Depot is, as that is where I was headed...just trying to see how well it worked....CRICKETS!  the little ""Im busy"" light swirled away at the center of the phone for 10 minutes, and wouldnt stop without me backing out of the app.  Next I tried playing some music off of one of  my Amazon Music playlists.  After a few minutes the playlist showed all the music on the list, and said it was playing the first song...  Nothing playing in my car.  After trying to figure this out, it seems the Echo is auto defaulting to play the stuff out of the Amazon Fire I have connected to my home stereo, and I cannot change it.  So there I am, sitting at my local home depot, cranking music on my home stereo with nobody home..  Anyway, I wrestled with it for another 20 minutes or so trying to figure out how to select the Echo Auto, and actually play from the Echo Auto, but it wouldnt do it.  When I thought I had it all selected properly, it would still default back to my home unit.  It seems it cant play from that device when it is sending music to my home stereo.  I AM GLAD I GOT THIS FOR FREE, AND DIDNT WASTE 50.00 ON IT!  I was going to send it back, but why waste the gas."	1	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I have echo auto hardwired into my audio jack and Bluetoothed to my phone. I like the fact that I can talk to Alexa and use skills that Siri can’t do, but I can do that with the app. The voice recognition is ok, it doesn’t always hear me call Alexa, but if it does I don’t really have too much problems with it, like it’s not perfect but still better than my iPhone. It does take a long time to respond with lost of connectivity, so often times I think it didn’t hear me. And when it says that it has problems with the connection I always still have internet on my phone. Often the music would just stop without reason, especially when using Spotify! I like the idea of the device but I can do everything through my phone which the device needs for internet. So if I’m going to have my phone anyway, echo auto just seems like a wast of money, space, and usb/audio(aux) ports. The little strip of light is cool though kinda reminds me of KITT from knight rider. Still probably would not recommend.	2	July 26, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the Alexa products in my home, so was really looking forward to having the same Alexa experience in my car ... especially as I've a love/hate relationship with Siri.  The Echo Auto actually made Siri look amazing in comparison.The initial set up with bluetooth went really well ... to test I played a music playlist on my commute to work.  All was well until I went through a patch where I lost cell service - and lost connection with my iPhone.  I could no longer control the Echo - not only to turn the volume off or down or manage music, but I couldn't even get it to turn off when trying to press the two buttons on the device.  I actually had to pull over, and turn off my car to get it to stop playing.I tried again on my way home ... attempting to use the navigational help to drive home.  It took almost half of my commute home (10 min) to reconnect (and required me to access the app on my phone in order to connect again).  Trying to attempt navigational commands was unsuccessful - I chalked it up to new use, and maybe not connected with the addresses on my contacts list - or required I reprogram addresses within the Alexa app.On a road trip to Los Angeles, tried giving the navigation another try - planning ahead and looking up and confirming my addresses in advance of my trip.  Not only did it again take forever to connect in the car - but I had to make a route change due to an accident - and it took so long to reconfigure that I again had to pull over and take control of the device by using my phone.I ended up returning the Echo Auto ... it was too frustrating to use - and didn't help me at all with the hands-free driving which is why I wanted it in the first place.  I'll wait for another release or two and make sure it's gotten great reviews before I consider purchasing again.	1	October 18, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I had an invitation to try the alexa Auto.My impressions are:- The light is really nice as it gently flashes when you get notifications on your phone.- The design is neat.- The connectivity couldn't be worse with my car (Honda accord 2014). I could either use alexa via bluetooth, or the radio. In other words I could not use the radio and have alexa temporarily interrupt to make announcements. If I'm listening to radio, Alexa goes mute. If I switch the input so I can hear alexa, I will have to manually switch back to radio.- Overall, I don't think this adds much compared to a smart phone. If you phone is connected to your car via bluetooth and it works, you can easily say ""hey siri/google"" and then give command.I do like the concept, but I think it's simply hard to make it work universally with all cars. If it had worked with my car flawlessly then MAYBE I'd have kept it (I had a discounted price to test the unit). But I don't think I would go spit money on it..."	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like having Alexa in my car. The music sounds better than when I play it in my phone. I am having some problems: when I’m in my driveway and my phone is still connected to my wireless, I can’t get it to connect. It says there is no connection. It doesn’t work for me until I drive completely out of my driveway. Also, with the music on, I kinda have to scream at it to be heard. I don’t have to do that for the Alexas in my house. I live in Texas so I have to take it out of my car every time I leave the car. It says it can’t take any heat. That’s inconvenient too. I did get it to give me directions once. It started up maps on my phone, which I had to push a button to get it to work. So, the maps was giving directions and Alexa’s voice was also giving directions. So far I’ve also needed an address. You can’t say things like, the nearest Starbucks.” Not deal breakers, just inconveniences I’m hoping will be fixed in the future.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"What it does well:1. Plays music. Great voice control for accessing playlists, skipping songs etc2. Great for adding to your lists and setting reminders3. Good for searching for nearby restaurants, gas stations etc4. Great for making hands free callsWhat I wish it did/could do better1. My biggest complaint is the need to start the Alexa app on my phone. Because of this, it almost makes me question why do i need this, and not just control everything for the app/phone. For me to really recommend this, i would like to see the Alexa Auto either start the app on the phone automatically, with the Alexa voice command, or when the Alexa Auto is turned on. Having to reach for the phone and open the app, is not a hand-free operation when driving, which is a major negative for me.2. I would like to see better integration with the Alexa Auto and the Maps app (Google, Apple, Waze etc.). I should be able to say ""Alexa, give directions to address"" and the default Nav app on my phone should open and give me the directions."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Absolutely useless if you don't leave your radio set to bluetooth or Aux. The unit itself has no speaker, so although Alexa can hear your commands all the time, you wont be able to hear anything she says back unless you're on the correct input.In other words, if you're like me and listen to Sirius / XM a lot, and I say ""Alexa, call Mom on mobile,"" if the call isn't placed, you wont hear Alexa's response. Perhaps she need to clarify which number to call. Or maybe she hears you wrong or instead she triggers a call to Bob and you find out the hard way.All of this would be alleviated if the unit just had a small speaker on it for Alexa's speech. Otherwise you'll find yourself constantly switching to bluetooth even when you don't want to be just to utilize the echo's limited features.Other problems - quite often it becomes disconnected from the app. The echo can't do much of anything without using the Alexa app as a bridge to connect to your phone contact, music or other integrations. It becomes disconnected way too often to make up for its limited convenience.Another thing - directions. So yes you can say ""Alexa, let's go home"" and you can configure it to open the nav app of your choice. However, at least on iOS it can't just open the app. A push notification (of sorts) pops up on your phone which must be clicked to THEN launch the app. So basically it does nothing more than an added step.Unless you want to turn the lights on in  your house while driving or something like that, there really isn't much of a use for it. The lack of an on-board speaker is the biggest fail for me. It's just way to cumbersome and requires too many pre-requisites (input, app) to work.Mine lasted 2 days of use in my car. After that I found it easier to just use Siri directly, or go about everything the old fashioned way - with my hands."	1	November 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I enjoyed reading many of the reviews here because I have had basically the same experience and I am glad to know it isn't just me.I can't add to much to what many others have said, but will just summarize my experience.  I signed up for the echo auto pre-release and was excited to get it.  I was able to connect it up with ease and did some quick basic testing while the car was in the garage.  When I returned later the echo auto was not working and could not connect. Jumped through some hoops and was able to get it to connect which took about 10 minutes.  I found this to be a recurring problem.  The eventual consistent fix I found was to enable airplane mode for 15 to 20 seconds then disable airplane mode.  After which the echo could connect to my phone. When listening to Amazon music on the way to work or back I found that it would just randomly quick playing audio then get the error that it cannot connect.  Airplane mode on and off would resolve. I tried two different phones with the same results.I also found that you need to disable wifi on the phone prior to getting in the car or you will have issues as soon as you drive off as the wifi will drop and the alexa app seems to just keep trying to use wifi rather than moving over to LTE.One of the most irritating things that I found with the echo auto is Audible.  I thought it would be great to use to listen to my audiobook library while driving.  I was extremely disappointed to find that even if you have your audio books downloaded to your phone using the audible app,  echo auto will stream the audio book using your mobile data and it uses an alarming amount of data to do so.  This to me is absurd.  The device is just more trouble than it is worth.	1	December 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is my first Alexa device.  I thought I would use it for tons of things, since I tend to spend a fair amount of time in my car.  Sadly, with the exception of having Alexa select my Audible audiobook (not something Siri will do) I didn't find  Alexa very useful.  In fact, when I would want to use it for on-the-fly directions (or whatever), most of the time it woudln't respond.  I'm content to call it user error, but Siri responds with no problem.  So....I was more frustrated by it than satisfied.  Plus, I'm not a fusser - meaning - I don't want to spend time figuring out why it wasn't working when I already have a device that does work.  I know many people that use Alexa in their homes and love it, but I wasn't able to find much use for Alexa in my car and when I did I usually wasn't able to get it to work the way I needed it to.  Aorry Alexa, I'll stick with Siri.	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is something that appears to have been put out too quickly and lacks some integration, at least with IPhones. First, it connects with Bluetooth and can give issues during the connection process. Whenever I play Pandora through the echo it will lock up if I try to stop it from playing which makes me resort to unplugging it to clear it out. Next, if you want to use it for GPS you have to unlock your phone for it by hand and have to confirm the address...🙄...it kind of takes the “hands free” out of the hands free device. Those are the two main issues I have had so far but I have only started messing with it since Christmas. I will update this review with good or bad that I locate.	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	El dispositivo es muy bueno en concepto y uso, sin embargo, tiene problemas de conexión con el Bluetooth, se queda en un loop cuando se desconecta y se vuelve a conectar, hay que quitar la corriente para que se inicie bien, al reproducir una lista de canciones vuelve a la primera canción no continua con la ultima canción sonada	3	December 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes I will ask for a song, Alexa will say it is about to play, and is then followed by silence. However, if I ask for something else immediately after, it plays just fine. This is totally anecdotal, but it seems to happen with only select artists, like AC/DC.	3	January 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My one major complaint is that it will not override my stereo when I ask it a question, like my cellphone will when a call comes in.  If I am listening to my radio and a cellphone call comes in it automatically switches to Bluetooth and when the call is complete it will switch back to the radio.  I do not have to mess with any controls and can just watch the road.  I want auto alexa to do that.  Now I have manually switch to Bluetooth and then I can ask alexa a question then switch back to radio.  This may require me to look away from the road or pull to the side of the road, which is not ideal.  Another newer trick is you have restart the app and acknowledge you are a passenger, which is about dumbest thing any one thought of.  The purpose of this is to be hands free.  Does Amazon really want to be responsible for people fiddling with the phone while driving.	3	December 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this would be able to take the place of my phone, basically.  I know you still needed the phone, but it is not as seamless as they let on.Alexa cuts out, doesn't listen to all of what you want before she does what she wants to.  If you start out on wifi, like outside your house, then it will play fine, until you want to skip a song or change the playlist.Can't play stations or 'my soundtrack' unless on wifi.  I've even had trouble playing songs that I've downloaded.It's a pain in the ass.  Still too involved with the phone b/c if you run into a song it can't play you have to skip it on your phone.  defeats the hands-free idea.I don't like that I still hear pauses and/or beeps for my notifications.  Might as well use your phone and have better control of what you are playing.  More cords, more annoyances using it.  Not worth it.  Call me when it works better.	2	September 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Simply put, I shouldn't need an Echo Auto. I can say ""Hey Google"" to my phone, so why can't I just say ""Alexa"" to it as well? Ideally, that's how I would interact with the Amazon ecosystem in my car. Installing a separate device just to talk to Alexa is annoying at best.The Echo Auto's one redeeming quality is its microphone array. It does listen better than my phone (a Pixel 3).Unfortunately, the other things it needs to do are not as good. The Echo Auto is absolutely terrible at crossing the Wi-Fi/LTE boundary. Rather than waiting the few seconds for one of the connections to stabilize, it just shrugs and gives up. Often it doesn't even say anything. My phone, on the other hand, has never had an issue waiting for one connection or the other. The Bluetooth connection is also not always stable. It's fine 90% of the time, but there are times where the phone->Echo Auto->stereo connection chain simply does not establish. I have not had this happen without the Echo Auto in the equation.Rather than try to improve the hardware solution, I really just wish that Amazon would figure out how to let me talk to my phone without having their app open (and without forcing me to switch from Google Assistant, which I also use)."	2	August 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The setup of the Echo Auto was super easy. I've got a pretty quiet cab in my truck, so the voice recognition worked well. I would say it works about 85% of the time for me.What I mean by that is there are numerous instances in which the Echo Auto is connected, but when it ""responds"" nothing actually comes through my speakers. I can switch to something like a Spotify and here everything fine. At other times I just have to repeat the question to get the Echo answer to ""fully connect"" it seems like. It feels like there's something about the bluetooth connectivity that's still a little wonky.That said, when it works fully, it works great. Beware, though, if you have kids, your car rides will never quite be the same again.As an additional note, if you have an Echo product at home, there's a bit more of a delay on the Echo Auto to when you say the ""wake word"" to when it ""hears"" what your command is. Takes a little getting used to, but not bad."	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I dislike that the device did not hear my voice when a songs it is playing. I have to turned down the volumen	3	March 16, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After reading the reviews of this product, I didn't expect to be overwhelmed by it.  My main objection (or disappointment) was that Amazon wasn't able to include a sufficient speaker in their mobile appliance.  I have a 3-year old vehicle with bluetooth and wi-fi capability, but in order to use Echo Auto I must select bluetooth, insure that my phone app is selected and open, and insure that my phone is the active phone being used by the car's electronics.  If phone manufacturers can include a speaker capable of providing a reasonable sound out of a small cell phone, I would think that Amazon could have included one in the Echo Auto.  Except for this disappointment, the Echo Auto works as well as any of the home Echo products...no complaints there.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This product has been the most frustrating and disappointing electrical device I've ever owned, and I've had two Dell printers. The purpose of buying this was to be able to make hands free calls and change songs and stations while mobile. When it would actually connect to my phone (very rare), it had no problem making calls but would not hang them up, no matter how many times and different ways I tried to tell Alexa. However, most of the time the device would not work at all. If I had a dollar for every time I had to listen to Alexa say ""I'm sorry, your echo auto is unable to connect to your Alexa app..."" I could retire. When I would go to the Alexa app, it would show that everything was connected as it should be. The only way to get it to actually connect and work was to unplug it and redo the entire set up. After the setup is redone, I  would leave my car with my phone, even for just a minute, and it would have trouble reconnecting again. I would again have to do the whole setup to make it work (even though my phone and the app shows they are still connected). When I first got the device I thought it would get better as I used it more and figured out its quirks. Well, there are no quirks. It just is plain awful and a waste of money. Unfortunately for me, I missed the return window by a week all while getting annoyed and frustrated by the thing daily, and now I can't even get my money back. I guess it's what I deserve for not knowing better and thinking it would work any better than my echo dot which annoys me as well. I think I'm going to switch to Google home and other Google products that I hear are much better. The Bluetooth adapter that I was trying to replace suddenly doesn't feel so bad any more. Glad I kept it. I'm going to give this echo auto to someone I don't like."	1	November 19, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high expectations on using Alexa in my car to play my music, get weather updates and coordinate routing through Waze. Alas, what a disaster. I found it extremely difficult to initially connect with my car, then experienced conflicts with Ford MySync, Android Auto and Google Assistant ALL trying to be my driving pal! Even the times when I was successful in getting Alexa to speak through the car and work would only last until I shutoff the car. When I would get back into the car, I would have to be my own tech support to make it work. Sadly, I unplugged it and have gone back to using Android Auto for Amazon music, Waze, texting and calls, all done seamlessly through the car with my phone plugged in.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice to have at times… don’t like having to have my car radio on Bluetooth all the time. Also Alexa doesn’t always find the correct contact I ask her to call.	3	February 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very inconsistent whether it will connect	2	September 21, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Don't really recommend I've had it about a montn I'm a truck driver when I first got it every time I took the phone out of the truck I use to have to go into the Alexa app and add a new device every time I got back in the truck that got fixed after a while more recently for the past 2 weeks didn't have any problems it worked as it should than yesterday a solid green light came on nothing I said or did could turn it off asked about notifications she said no new notifications so I asked about messages she told me about a most recent message that I had already checked on the Alexa app previously so I asked it why she was green she says a flashing green light ment something but I wasn't asking about a flashing green so I googled it said green lights was on a call making or receiving a call I wasn't doing any of that at the time but I am a truck driver I was on the phone a lot and the 2 weeks that it was working fine never seen any light but blue when I was talking to it I use a headset so normally on the phone or listening to music was no light at all on the device I called Amazon for help first guy didn't know anything about echo than I called again got some one else wanted me to reset the echo and I couldn't get it to connect again at least till the guy can call me back next monday	1	April 25, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was excited to get the Echo Auto. I have an older car. Echo Auto adds new technology to the mix to make my life easier when driving.There are 3 major issues that I experience:1. Echo Auto need to be connected to the Alexa App on your phone to work. It connects via blue tooth. That in itself is not a problem. The issue is that half the time Echo Auto says it cannot connect to my phone. I know it can't be the blue tooth on my phone because it connects to my car stereo via blue tooth seamlessly every time. Not so with Echo Auto. You either have to wait for a while for it to keep trying or turn the Alexa App off then back on or worse case, reset and reconnect Echo Auto from scratch.2. Echo Auto also has a problem with connecting and playing songs from Spotify, which is my default music service on Alexa. It does not recognize some song names when Spotify is the service. However, if you use Amazon Music (unlimited) as the default, no problems. It makes sense since it is Amazon's own service. But it is annoying when you have to shutdown Spotify on the phone, start it back up more than half the time in order for Echo Auto to ""find"" it.3. The holder for Echo Auto designed to attach to your car's vent does not work that well. It's cumbersome, and the wire sticking out can be ugly and block stuff on your console."	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a ProAlexa everything except for the Echo Auto, I used it for roughly a week and decided to unplug it. Using bluetooth and the app on my phone was better than the Echo. The Echo would keep saying it couldn't connect to an app and to please try again. Once I did get Alexa going on one music app the other music app would also launch even when auto start is checked off and the app was closed out on the phone. I would have two music apps playing at once, one through Alexa and one through the phone.  That glitch alone was a huge turn off. Another issue is with asking alexa for directons. I would ask alexa to take me to ARC off east 7th Street, Alexa proceeded to take me to a different location. Not a fun experience with the Auto but enjoy other Alexa products.	2	January 21, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought echo auto with the intent to use it in my truck when I’m driving nights. Because it would be safer to control my music, ask questions, directions etc. But it’s not at all what I thought it was. It needs to be connected to the phone to work. I can’t just connect it to my WiFi to work. It’s the most complicated thing, nothing works if the Alexa app “loses connection” to the echo. Which it does all the time. Makes a mockery of trying to listen to my music because it added an unnecessary layer of Bluetooth unlike the home Alexa. It would really be easier to just hook my Echo dot to a converter in the truck connect to WiFi and boom. It’s not at all what I thought and it took me too long pass them return date to realize it. Luckily I bought on Amazon prime day and got it for cheap or I’d have been really upset. Maybe if they upgraded the connectivity (people do have WiFi enabled vehicles and hotspots), change the interface with Alexa app.	2	August 5, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do like Alexa in my home, I have the original and a Show so I'm fully onboard with big Brother living in my house.  In the car however I haven't found a compelling reason yet.  I bought the Auto version because it was half price and I'm an early adopter.First, all the damn cables.  I have a 2006 Acura TL, great car, old car.  My Bluetooth works well with my iPhone 11 but with Alexa I need to use a tape player adapter to get it to work with my older car's sound system.  that means a power cable and cassette cable hanging down my dashboard.  Add to that my dash-cam and radar detector and that's just too many damn cables.Second, What does Alexa in my car do that Siri doesn't already do?  In my house Alexa controls so many of my smart home devices but in the car Siri already gets my directions, dials the phone, and answers simple questions.  I just haven't needed Alexa in the car.  Maybe someone has a better reason.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I actually have not had the problems other people have had. I found that if you follow the instructions to attach it the way it asks you to doesn't keep a stable connection. If you add it as an echo it detects it almost immediately pairs with your phone and never have to touch it again. I have a 2009 Cadillac so bluetooth on car is for phone only.  Had to use aux out. I had better and longer cables to work with was able to to put them under the plastic for near invisible use.I use my echo dots in everyroom in the house so the skills were already there. Use a cigarette light instead of the power source plugs so that it stays connected with car is off. Reduces load time and in sleep mode doesn't drain your car battery.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I bought this during the beta program not really knowing whether I really would put it to use or not.When I received it, I anxiously installed it in my vehicle.  Installation was pretty quick, essentially guided by the aid of the Echo app.For the first two minutes, it was kind of fun giving it Alexa commands and even asking for music from the Amazon Music library.  However, soon after, I realized this was something I really did not need.Most modern vehicles come with Apple Carplay or Android Auto.  They also come equipped with integrated Bluetooth for making or answering calls.Unless you have an older vehicle without these features, you don't need this device.In fact, having Echo Auto in a technology-enhanced vehicle actually contradicts and interferes with your car's electronic system.For one, it works off the normal operating grid of your vehicle.  In other words, you have to be connected to AUX/BLUETOOTH to operate this device.  When you do that, you can no longer operate any of the other electronic functions of your vehicle because of the audio input you are operating out of.This device doesn't integrate with navigation screens and there's really nothing that it does other than allow you to ask questions, make phone calls or play music --- all of the things your modern vehicle's standard stereo system already does.I can summon SIRI on my steering wheel by pushing a button and ask a question.  If you have Android Audio, you can say ""Okay Google"" to ask a question or integrate with your vehicle.For those of us with vehicles made in the last few years, this product is essentially useless.However, if you are still hanging on to an older vehicle that lacks many of these functions, then I suppose this device might be a Godsend."	1	December 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As if yet we have not need able to get it to sync with my car and phone so we have not been able to set it up. Right now is just a paper weight. I have Amazon Echos all over my house and thought it would be nice to have in my 2018 Pathfinder. So far not worth it.	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Been using it for about a month now. I got it for the invitation price of $25. Feels worth it. Works well with my 2012 Jetta. Nice to be hands free. The safety factor is hard to out a price on. I do like how well thought out the vent holder/wire holder is. More wires are not ideal but Amazon designers did a nice job minimizing the impact.Update: 10/12/2020 - I really wanted to like this. I currently own do regular Echos. one Dot and one Show 8. So I felt like this was made for me.  I think I liked it more in theory than in reality. For starters, connecting it to my phone when I got in the car became problematic. Who wants to fuss with that when you just want to go. The physical set up of it started to feel cumbersome as well. I have my phone hooked into the center vent and then the Echo hooked into the other center vent. Additionally, when I had my phone and Echo plugged in simultaneously, my phone wouldn't get enough juice to charge it. Also way too many wires to deal with. Lastly, it just isn't that useful. Let's be honest, most of us need to make hands free calls and have access to a map application. I can do that with an phone. I am sure there is other functionality that is somewhat useful but just not enough to deal with  connectivity, charging, excessive wires etc etc. Maybe if this was build into the car I would feel differently.	2	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use It as a voice assistant instead of my car’s built-in voice commands, which is completely useless. Alexa does a much better job at that. On the other hand, it’s function is limited, it uses my phone screen, not integrated with the head unit.	3	January 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Amazon Auto Echo is a great concept and it enables me to do all kinds of things in the car, including tune into my favorite radio station which I couldn't otherwise hear where I live.  However, there are gaps of silence throughout my drive, I presume, due to the loss of a connection by my phone to the internet.  It's frustrating.  And, of course, there are the times when Alexa seems to be answering a different question than the one I asked.  I do use the Auto Echo mostly to listen to music without having to set it up on my phone, which makes those gaps of silence all the more aggravating.  I hold out hope that my experience will improve.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do not like the idea of seeing on the passenger all the time I forget and can’t figure out why it’s not working	3	March 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is so annoying.  I have to turn off bluetooth when I get out of my car so I can open my shopping list inside the store. If I'm too close to the doors or windows while inside the store, it connects and then I can't access my shopping list.  Or if I'm in my car heading to the next location and I want to pull up the list of what I want there.....I CAN'T UNLESS I DISCONNECT IT - please tell me that it's just me and there is a way to do this that I'm not aware of??I find it hard to believe that there's no way to access a list when this is connected - seriously?  Am I doing something wrong?	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Too complicated for me, not as easy to use like my echo at home.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Often have unplug power and restart it to get it to start working after starting the car.  Phone shows bluetooth connected, but it doesn't respond.  Sometimes opening the app resolves it, but often not.  It's really good for streaming radio in the car and that's its best use.  As a hands free phone, it's not very good.  While I can hear fine, the person on the other end doesn't hear me very well.  I have a set of bluetooth earbuds and I haven't had any complaints using them, so it's not the phone.I have other issues, but I think they're at least partially phone related.  For example, it's slow to switch between WiFi and cellular data and the Echo Auto will say the phone lost internet.On the whole, for an older car without built in bluetooth, it's an excellent streaming device to the car speakers through an AUX cable.	3	May 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was initially excited about my Echo Auto, but when I started using it I quickly realized it was pointless. It does exactly what it advertises just like my phone. For me, its redundant. I have a Google Pixel 2 XL and I'd rather use Google's service over Amazon's.One of the features it doesn't support is text messaging. Unlike Google Assistant it doesn't support text messaging which is a key feature that I use when I'm driving. The other issue I have is that whenever I ask it to play music from Amazon Prime, it plays it through the Alexa app instead of through the Amazon Prime app. This is more of an annoyance than anything else. The Alexa app isn't user friendly when driving. On a positive note, when I asked it to get directions it open Google Maps on my phone. Another annoyance is that whenever something says ""Alexa"" that its playing it stops to listen.I think I'm going to stick to my Alexas in my house and ditch the Echo Auto. I just don't see its usefulness right now."	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's almost useless, when it's working, it seems to be OK.. but take forever to get connected to my phone. Then 1/2 the time it's typical ""stupid"" Alexa cannot understand the music my kids are asking for.  Or doesn't seems to be as adverstised.Update:  I got a call from Amazon Technical Support (name Cory) and left a voice mail.  He mentioned email me on how to get back to him.  Well, in the world of Amazon, there was no email.  I called back the number, got auto response by text me to confirm, then of course.. you have to suffer through the process of automated answer.. More wasting time than helping with this ""fancy"" AI phone system.  More frustration of trying to help them improve the process. Why can't they have a menu of reponse ? like press 1 for customer service, 2 for technical ?.. I just hang up.Back to the Echo Auto ... THe problem I see is this.. you plug the Echo to your car lighter port to get power, then when you turn off your car, of course the power would turn off.. Therefore the Echo auto would reboot everytime you start the car, then it takes time to connect thru bluetooth to your phone, that if 1/2 the time it would auto connected.. sometimes it could take 5-10 minutes to connect to my Iphone 7plus...  Now don't blame I need a new Iphone.. other bluetooth headsets and my car Handfree connect much faster than this Echo Auto... Why can't they put a charging battery inside the Echo Auto ? to keep it from shut down when you shut off your car ? the ""genius"" of Amazon ?  it cost $40 ? but no battery ?.. So.. in a sense, the frustration did not end there.. it can't understand 70% of the time, even my kids speak perfect english.. most of time, then end up saying this Alexa is dumber than the one in the house Dad..."	1	December 18, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Seemed easy for me to set up and pair. This is essentially nothing more than a voice control interface between your smart phone and your bluetooth car radio. However I find this one to have less ability than the Echo in my home. This car version often is confused on simple requests that the Echo home would not be. Trying to play games on the Echo Auto can be confusing and often you are then asked to subscribe and pay for things. I did not know this unit was going to try to sell things to me. Would be nice if the power cord input was on both sides to use the one most convenient to where the power cord comes from. The dash bracket that holds it could longer to get a better grip on vents.	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"IMHO, Alexa in the current state is far too incompatible with mobile devices and Amazon is starting to make it too much of a headache even in my home with smart stuff that's specifically designed for it smh. DEALBREAKER #1:  I don't want to have the app open to be able to use a digital assistant. IF THE ""HANDS FREE"" VOICE ASSISTANT DOES NOT WAKE ON YOUR PHONE WHILE YOUTUBE MUSIC OR LOCK SCREEN IS ON, THEN THE DA*N THING IS NOT HANDS FREE. It needs to run in the background with with abilities to ""Play on Top"" of other apps if the permissions are given. This never ending Amazon scheme to compartmentalize every single ""Alexa"", ""Luna"" or ""Amazon"" branded piece of tech released with the intent being to lay the breadcrumbs for consumers to have to buy 200 different things from them to have their digital assistant turn on a light switch (then get irritated af because it keeps turning off an Xbox when consumer says the word aurora, closet, catdog, take five,etc etc etc even after supposedly deleting the XBOX skill and device from the cloud).. This is bad because I invested a lot of hope into setting up an Alexa assisted smart life fully expecting things to get better and better. Sadly, not much has changed in the year I've fully attempted integration.  Even though Google's surveillance and data collection is extreme, I reluctantly am going to switch to Samsung|Google marriage (Not an IOS fan BTW). Very sad because I do love the quirks they gave Alexa. - ""Alexa, does this unit have a soul?""..."	1	April 23, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it's great makes pulling up maps or playing music very fast and easy and is super nice when pulling up to my house to ask her to turn in lights. The issue comes down to connectivity I would say on a given day it auto connects 50% of the time with the other 50% i have to take some other action to actually get it to connect. This has happened with my Android phone and my wife's iPhone so it's not an issue of phone as far as I can tell. Therein lies the problem this is supposed to be a convience and not a hassel which it is when it connects up automatically but when it doesn't it's not worth the fuss. With full disclosure I didn't purchase this myself I received it as a gift from work so if your in my shoes and you didn't pay for it or pay close to full price it's worth it. Otherwise I wouldn't pick it up until they figure out or fix connectivity issues.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First...... It does make it nice for having teens in the car that want to play certain songs and they can just say Alexa, play ""insert annoying teenage song"".  Far too often, unlike Google's amazing voice recognition, Amazon's is still somehow only 80% accurate it seems. The Bluetooth often doesn't sync. Sometimes it doesn't sync to the car or to the phone.  Sometimes you have to login to the phone each time, others it just works without having to open the app each stupid time.  Eventually, it started to not always turn on, sometimes Bluetooth wouldn't connect at all. The case started to come apart. The bracket it comes with is a joke and doesn't fit most car vents. There is no support.  WTF was Amazon doing when they made this? Just a little more work and it'd be fine.  Nope... They unloaded on it knowing 25% of people would give them a middle finger.  Now that you can just use your alexa app on the phone and it responds the same, you don't need this device!!"	2	August 9, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea. I really want this to work. But it just isn't there yet.For me, I like the idea of Alexa in my car to (1) play podcasts, (2) play audible, and (3) stream music. Maybe directions. For each of these, the Alexa Auto can do it, but with fewer features than just using my phone. E.g., for podcasts, I can't change the playback speed through Alexa, but I can through the app. For Audible, I can't get NYT Daily to read through voice--I have to start the download from the app first, then open it through Audible. Streaming music is nice, but I can largely get that anyway through just using my phone. And don't get me started on maps--I want Google Maps showing me things, not Alexa trying to guess and figure it out.So it's okay. It's not great. It will get better, and then I will use it. It's not bad enough that I've taken it out of my car yet, but I'm not convinced about how long it'll stay there, either. We'll see.	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	**edit** stopped working completely, don’t botherAs a very frequent Alexa user I decided to try this out. The one thing I couldn’t stand was getting in my car and having to Bluetooth my phone and tap around to mess with a streaming music services to find what I wanted to listen to. Now, I can get in my car as ask Alexa to play what I want or anything that I wish to know on the go. It’s perfect for me and actually may be a good safety feature for some drivers as they no longer will need to be on their phone to do a lot of things. I had one issue with the device which turned out not to be an issue but just ...a thing. Not sure if it’s just me or my car or if it’s how you need to do it but here goes....I don’t really want anyone breaking into my car so I unplug my device and put it, and the cable, out of sight. After hooking this all up it worked fine but when I went out to my car the next time and connected it, no power. I tried it another time or two and it was just dead...I thought. The device does not work for me unless it is plugged in PRIOR to me starting my vehicle. When it do it that way it works like a charm! Again, not sure if that’s just my car but if anyone thinks theirs isn’t working, try it that way. I guess maybe the device is set up for a more perfect world than we have that objects can remain plugged in and in plain sight, so possibly down the line, if it is a universal thing that it needs to be plugged in before starting the vehicle, that they change that. It just stinks if you forget to plug it in and then start the car. I won’t turn the car off and on again so I’m back to tapping on my phone for that drive.	1	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My husband’s truck does not have Bluetooth or anything like that. I thought this would be a good way for him to listen to Pandora, Amazon Music, etc in his truck.  It works, but the sound is not great. My husband’s truck is a 350 dually.  So it isn’t smooth riding.  It also has a turbo, which sometimes makes a whistling noise.  All of which is normally for the truck, but it seems the sounds of the engine come through the echo auto.  It rarely just plays clear.  It always has an engine sound coming through and sounds terrible.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was soooooo excited about this and to receive it but now I’m disappointed… it works and all but hard to get it to listen and disconnects from ur phone and car to easy and then pain in the a$$ to reconnect it again!!! And it’s very very slow and it doesn’t pick up service very well no matter where you are… I can’t wait till this are made to perfection and work correctly and easily … because it is an awesome device and I do love it but frustrating how slow it is and by the time you get it to work and hear you you’re already at ur destination driving 😔😔😔	2	April 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I finally tested out the Echo Auto on a road trip from Virginia to upstate New York and back. I connected it to a new-model Jeep Compass rental. The hope was that it would provide a much-needed distraction during the long road trip with its games and music. What I discovered was that it was not ready for its prime time debut. The long-and-short of it: it's inconsistent. We attempted to play 3-player games... there were three of us in the car... it could not consistently decipher voices from the back seat. I would give it commands... sometimes it would work... sometimes it would not.Now before Amazon blames the phone's service (the Echo Auto depends on the Alexa app on your phone) please realize these are the same hurdles Hey Google, Siri, and Cortana face every day with far better results.Suggestions: give Echo Auto a built-in wifi. Also, allow users to change the wake word from the device itself (it told me I had to go online to do that). Also maybe a suction cup option for the dashboard (there are a lot of wires; especially if you need to charge your phone. Connecting it, removing it when you park, and then re-connecting it to your vent again gets a little tiring).All that said, if your car is not voice-capable and /or not Bluetooth-enabled and cannot connect multiple devices, then the Echo Auto is a way to get those features. The nicest thing I can say is the current model is better than nothing.	2	October 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto was supposed to make it easy to talk to Alexa by having additional microphones except the one I received didn't. It had a very poor microphone that if we have to talk to it, we had to pick it up and talk into it. We saw the reviews here and thought it might be a one off faulty device so conracted Amazon for a replacement. I shipped back the box as is with all the wires, accessories and everything. Amazon sent me a refurbished echo and that too with no audio cable, the light adapter and no vent attachment. How am I supposed to use this? Why should I pay for a new device and get a refurbished one? Second Amazon order that arrived faulty this Thanksgiving season.Update: Someone from Amazon called me and agreed that shipping a refurbished one wasn't the right thing to do. Also, when the initial replacement was processed, they should have mentioned that the new ones won't come with the cables and accessories.  So, they cancelled my original order and helped me place a new order for Echo Auto. I will update the review on how the new itself device functions but I am satisfied with the outcome of the call.	2	December 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My daughters will jokingly tell folks that I love everything Echo, LOL. Unfortunately Echo Auto requires regular use so it doesn't lose its  connectivity to the Alexa app. I am retired and use my car on average 2 times a week which, I was told by tech department, wasn't enough.While it worked, I loved having my ""personal assistant"" in the car with me to record reminders, check the time, hear my music, add items to my shopping list, and all the things Alexa does for me at home.Like the guy from tech department told me, hopefully they will improve future generations that won't require it be used so regularly."	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its nothing that exciting. It works great but you have to have your car on aux ir bluetooth mode to be able to use it otherwise you can't listen to the radio of your car and ask her something. You'd have to switch the mode	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It loses connection alot and does hear half of what I say	3	April 14, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I hooked it up to my Lincoln and I am really not sure that I need this, my Lincoln capabilities are some what comparable. I am going to leave this here. I don't know. Maybe to early to tell. It is an affordable gadget.	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product sometimes has difficulty connecting to the phone.  I find that unplugging and plugging back in to reset fixes that problem.  The power plug for the cigarette lighter did not work out of the box.	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was super excited to finally have an Alexa in my car.  I drive a 2009 equinox-and it’s version of blue tooth is answering a phone call using the steering wheel.When I was given the invitation to finally get echo auto I couldn’t wait.  The order came fast.  Echo auto was easy to assemble but didn’t have very good instructions.  It came with an aux cable that you hook into your cars audio system, as well as a plug that goes into a lighter power source.  It comes with a weird vent clip thingy that slides onto your vent.I wanted to love this... but the echo auto has fallen short of my expectations.  I wanted to be able to say Alexa driving instructions to Anywhere.  (McDonald’s down the street, Millenium Park in Chicago-anything!). She just couldn’t do it.In order to have Alexa work with your car, you need to add it to your Alexa app on your phone.  And an aux plug in on your car stereo. Echo auto runs on your data plan, but doesn’t communicate with any other apps on your phone other than Apple Music, Pandora, Spotify and SiriusXM.Another way that this fall short of my expectations was the fact that it wasn’t always connected to Bluetooth.  You could start your car and it would work.  Then you turn off your car and restart it and Alexa would tell you she’s having a hard time connecting to Bluetooth.  You’d need to unplug and replug and open up the Alexa app to even attempt to get a reconnection.I really did like telling Alexa to play songs by Queen...and she listened and did what I told her to, but for $50 that’s just not worth it.For me, there is really no difference between the echo auto and an auxiliary cable you plug into your phone and your car.  For right now until they really improve the echo auto, save your money.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works well for what it is and setup is pretty simple but you can set the Alexa app to start drive mode when u connect Bluetooth and your phone will do everything this devices does. Not worth the money in my opinion.	2	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ok, so it will do pretty much your dot will do. HOWEVER you're in your car and find yourself needing directions. You would THINK that you could ask Alexa for directions. NO, NO you CAN NOT.  Now,  I have a truck with a $ 1500 pioneer system in my car. With using Alexa on, I have to turn Alexa off/switch to map mode on my system GPS to get directions. During which.. you CAN NOT USE ALEXA!! What??? Thinking this had to be wrong, I researched today, ironically before I get the email to rate this, and found out that Alexa does not give directions. There are work arounds, but it involves pulling over and going into phone then into google or waze and getting directions. SO.. what is the point of Alexa in the car?  Also, ask for a gas  station near you.. Alexa will name some, but fail to be able to tell you how to get there. SO why ask name some gas stations near me? What good does that do you if you are in an unfamiliar area?? As far as the other things it can do, messages and emails, with a newer vehicle, the systems come with that function already, not to mention social media. Ok, you can listen to what music you want, tell it to make a schedule or a list, ask it stupid stuff.. just what ever you do.. don't ask it for directions..	2	January 24, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've had two of these, because my first one failed at making phone calls. But little did I know it will eventually fail at everything. Even with the replacement the phone calls portion isn't great. It is very explicit with names, and it has a huge delay when it starts ringing. It will also end the call if the unit loses power, which is often. I've tried different plugs in my car power port, but I think it's either down to the auto unit itself or the cable plugging into it, but it resets power super easily. Sometimes on the small speed bumps in my neighborhood. When it does lose power, if I had been playing spotify it will not easily go back to playing. I have to physically turn off bluetooth on my phone and turn it back on to get it to reconnect.The podcast integration does not work. The same app integration works fine on my alexa and echo, but in the auto it will not ever start playing the podcast.Now just recently, it won't skip to next song on Spotify. And without any physical buttons I have to pick up my phone while driving WHICH IS WHAT THIS THING IS TRYING TO SOLVE IN THE FIRST PLACE. So it fails it's basic functions.The only positive is sound quality. Volume is good and it seems to pick up when we're talking to it fairly well. But when half the voice commands don't function and the other half function poorly there is no way I could recommend this device to anyone. I wish I didn't replace my little $20 bluetooth receiver that had back and next buttons on it. The amazon auto is such a downgrade.Update: Just wanted to provide and update. Device is still terrible. Wish I never bought it and wasted money on it. I've now tried other mounts with similar issues. Complete loss. Do not buy this and stick with a simpler bluetooth connection.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So far, I am not thrilled with the Echo Auto. I seem to spend a lot of time with the help desk with issues. I sent one back and they sent me a new one but we still had connection issues that needed the help desk to walk me through with. First it was setting up the Echo and then once it was setup we continued to struggle for it to work. It would make the initial connection when I opened the app and asked Alexa a question, but any subsequent inquiries the blue light just keeps flashing, with no response. It has been more frustrating than anything. Maybe these are Apple issues as they did state that they do not have ""license"" rights to a few of the Apple services, like mapping. This is a first gen product, so hopefully it will get better, but honestly, I am not sure it is necessary with all our phones and cars can do these days. My husband is going to try it in his vehicle on his Android to see if he has a better response."	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased for my about two weeks ago and it took me a full week trying to setup.  There weren't good instructions and I pretty much had to wing it.  The instructions said it plays through your radio and it does but it didn't say you had your radio set to Media.  I also can't get Alexa to play music when I want.  I keep getting the message Alexa can't connect to music at this time.  If I tell her to play shuffle songs by a particular artist it tells me it can't connect to the network.  Any help would be appreciated!	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I picked this up for my truck. 2016 Dodge RAM pick ups have a very limited interface, it's a work truck so no big deal.  But, I've gotten accustom to similar features in our other vehicle.  An Android phone can work, but when using it for navigation, Alexa, conference call and an unexpected phone, route adjustment, additional alert or question - you have already wrecked, if you weren't smart enough to pull over.  The auto Alexa is a familiar interface, provided you use them elseware, still the same problems in interpreting instructions 45% of the time and where to put it is a question if you want it to pick up your voice.  The price is reasonable  to try it out, it may be just work well for you.	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I had no problems connecting my Echo Auto. It stays nicely attached to my vent. I do not love that there is always a cord hanging across my dash but it's not a problem really. I love being able to control and change and search for music hands free on Spotify. It also works great for listening to my Audible books. I have only used the Echo for navigation once and it worked well. The main issue I have had is Alexa hearing me. If the music is turned up she can't hear me at all. Even when the music is low I need to really raise my voice to be heard by Alexa. I dislike that 3 second wait for the chime after saying ""Alexa"". I have 4 Echos in my house and use them often and there is no delay with them so it's hard to remember that you can't just launch right into telling Alexa what you want. I got this Echo at a discount with invitation and I feel it's worth what I paid but it definitely still needs some improvements."	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It takes some time to connect to your phone and if you use your phone for anything other than a phone call, sending a text for instance, it will connect to your phone and will not resume a playlist that you are listening to after the interruption.  You will have to request to go back to the Amazon playlist and then it starts from the beginning and not where you left off.  Also there are sometimes that the signal can get lost, even though the cell signal is strong.  The sound quality is great, when it connects.  I like the ability to change songs with my voice, not having to touch the stereo in the car is a plus.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	El producto es bueno, pero constantemente se desconecta del Bluetooth y se pierde el audio.En principio creía que era mi teléfono, pero al probar con otros me ocurre lo mismo.	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hard to set up	3	April 28, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It simply does not work. I got this for the purpose of being able to play music, turn smart devices off and on but most importantly to drop-in on Echo devices in my house from the road. It will not drop-in. I've called tech support, gone through dozens of steps, had my case sitting with ""higher tier agents"" for more than a year. When you try to drop-in on a device or make a call of any sort it tells you to do things in the Alexa app to setup communications. I've had my communications set up with Alexa for nearly a decade. This device is a failure."	2	April 10, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The idea is awesome, but there are a lot of annoying defects that are ruining the Alexa magic. I am using iPhone so Android experience might be better.Cons:1. Sometimes Alexa is not able to connect to your phone via bluetooth so you have to open phone settings to connect bluetooth2. Sometimes Alexa ""can't connect to the Alexa app"" so you have to open phone settings to connect bluetooth3. Sometimes Alexa just beeps when you are ask her something and does nothing4. Sometimes Alexa is complaining that she is not able to connect to the ""geolocation server""5. If Spotify is already playing and you say ""Alexa play Metallica"" Spotify will just continue playing what was playing before and will not play metallica.6. ""Alexa play podcasts on Spotify"" starts playing music on Spotify7. ""Alexa drive me home"" leads to #4 or to the long message that I have to press notification on the device screen. Notification pops up only every other time so you have to repeat the request.All in all relating the requests is what I often do using Alexa.Pros:1. In general it is a good hands free device. Microphone quality is ok but people still hear me better when I am using AirPods.2. There is zero latency with bluetooth that is pretty common with car bluetooth. So if you are watching a movie(of course not when you are driving) on the phone sound will not lag behind the action."	2	November 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This device does little more than facilitate being able to say ""Alexa"" in your car without having your phone's Alexa app up and visible.  It does that well when it works, but it does not work well.  I thought the first device's failure was a fluke, so we purchased another one, but encountered the same exact problem with the second one (it would no longer connect/pair with the phone).Worst Amazon product I've yet to encounter :("	1	November 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like it when it works. As I walk around my house I get random notifications that I have connected to my Echo AUTO. That’s kind of annoying. But when I actually get in my truck it only works 50% of the time (even after I get the notification that I am connected). I end up having to unplug it and replug it back in, then turn on my phone and try to open the Alexa app, it’s just a pain. Again, without doing anything, sometime it works and sometimes it doesn’t. I find myself yelling at Alexa and getting frustrated. LOLThere’s nothing to troubleshoot, because without changing anything, it works half the time and doesn’t the other half.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I had trouble setting this up with my radio so I used a different auxiliary cord than what was provided & then it worked. My phone will show that it's connected but Alexa will keep saying she is still trying to connect. When I do get it to work & I say ""Alexa"" the beep happens but within one second I get another beep as if she's done listening to me. I have to press the button on the unit to get it to listen to me long enough to do anything. The sticky part that holds the wires in place on the vent mount is no longer sticking & falls off. The vent mount  doesn't work correctly because Alexa is too heavy so it just flops over. All it really does for me is blu-tooth my phone to my radio for music instead of using an auxiliary cord. If I am in my house & my car is parked outside it will still stay connected to Alexa in my car so I have to constantly turn my blu-tooth off."	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this on Prime Day because it was only $14.99--it's a good thing.  Like other reviews have noted, you need to set up every time you get into your car and, once it eventually works, it doesn't stay working if you lose wifi which then made me go through the entire set up process again.  That's fine if you're sitting in traffic with time to kill but otherwise not safe or effective.  I gave it 3 stars only because I got it for cheaper...They should skip the device and come up with a live stream account set up via your car instead.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This by far the most frustrating Echo device I've owned (I've used 1st, 2nd and 3rd generation towers and dots and have a echo Show 8.).  The Echo Auto is the most glitchy and inconsistently useable of any of the other Echo 1st generation equipment I've used.  The voice recognition is downright unusable at times (and not because of ambient noise.). The integration with your Alexa app is very glitchy.  First of all, you have to ""train"" yourself to turn on your Alexa app every time you get in your car.  And, you'll need to ""train"" yourself to not get annoyed every other time when you're not driving and you use your Alexa app and have to attest that ""I am a passenger"" before checking your grocery list!  While driving is worst place to be frustrated - very distracting and very dangerous.  So, I've been forced to not use my voice activated assistant which defeats the whole reason for having it in the first place!"	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto device is handy for older cars. I have it set up on my 2005 Tundra. it works well, but  there are two issues I have with the device.1. My Alexa app has to be set as ‘always on’ in my WiFi/cellular settings. This is a drain on my phone, and I am not completely comfortable with that.2. The device remains on and connected to my phone even after I turn off the car and walk away. When my truck is in the driveway, it can reach and remain connected to my phone everywhere in the house. I am not sure how much battery power it uses, but my truck is old and I do not want any unpleasant surprises.Of course these issues can be resolved by changing the cellular settings whenever using Echo Auto, and unplugging the device from the outlet when exiting the car, but these steps reduce the convenience factor of the device. I can simply configure my phone and use that as a device instead.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am not sure if it isn't picking up my voice..but I will ask Alexa to play hard rock..& she says here is a CLASSIC ROCK station I think you will like..or here is a POP station you will like. I have tontry sometimes 3-4 times to get it to understand. My house one doesn't have that problem. Then apparently no one can listen to music in my house when I'm in the car...unless I want to pay extra. But all in all it is a handy thing to have. I dont regret purchasing,  I just wish it was more cooperative	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was lucky to get an early invitation to buy the Alexa Auto.  I've had it for a few weeks, and it works nicely.  However, there are a few glitches.  It sometimes loses network connection, which then makes it useless until you stop and troubleshoot it.  When that happens, I revert to Siri, rather than using Alexa.  That is where I become concerned there isn't a compelling use case for this device.  If I can get the same (or better) functionality using Siri, I'm not sure what the long-term usefulness is for Alexa Auto.  Since Alexa doesn't have any GPS capability, it sometimes doesn't know my location for requesting directions, so that is also a reason I revert to Siri.  Until yesterday, Alexa was an easy way for me to listen to Spotify handsfree, but now Siri is integrated with Spotify.  I'll continue to use it, and hope that some new compelling skills come that make the device more useful, but for now I see it as a product still in development.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Setting the Echo Auto up was a chore although the process is straight forward.  It would pair the device, then lose connectivity, i had to do this numerous times and physically drive to another location before it finally held (fingers crossed that i didn't just jinx it).  Maybe the new location was just coincidence, but it worked.I was able to get Sirius working without issue, traffic directions took some doing to finally get Waze to play nice.  At first Alexa would chime to notify me that a turn was coming up but it wouldn't speak the directions, it does now (not really sure how or why it is, but it is), now if it could just show the route on the car screen and not just the iPhone.The weather location is off by a few towns, as the Alexa in the house gives the correct location, the Auto which is parked right out front, gives a different one.All in all, and interesting device that needs some tweaking to be a must have.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"1.  It gives some ridiculous options for navigation requests.  For example, the first option for Best Buy might be 84 miles away, when there are some within 10 miles.  Then it sometimes ignores the option chosen and either navigates to another one, or doesn't navigate at all.2.  Unlike the other devices, it often completely misunderstands simple requests and commands.  It often plays the wrong music or station, or wants to drive to the wrong destination.3.  I'm not sure if the ""drop-in"" feature works; it usually suggests that I call instead.4.  If it can connect to alternate phones, I haven't figured out how to do it as yet. As such my wife cannot use it if she's driving my car."	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been using Echo Auto for some time now. The product does work better than just using the bluetooth in my phone. The sound quality is superior to bluetooth alone and that means the world to me. The mics hear much better and understand my requests 100% better than when not using the device. I was able to follow the simple installation instructions and everything synced the first try. THAT SAID... now my radio wont play on it's own. Even when I completely remove the Echo Auto my car is synced to Alexa via my home WiFi and will not function until I am a remarkable distance from my home, about 2 miles. I believe it continues to search for a signal and locks the bluetooth in favor of the device rather than accepting my manual input? Anyway, it works well but even my mechanic can't explain why it has seemingly hijacked my vehicles entertainment system.  When can I try Amazon Loop? Very interested in how that will work.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Picked this up a few weeks ago and setup was pretty easy, the Alexa app found it and paired it without issues.  First time I left the house however the bluetooth on my phone (Galaxy S10) dropped both my car connection and Galaxy Gear watch then they both came back.  Thought that was odd and continued on my trip, asking Alexa to play things, call people, etc.  Seemed to work fine.Next time I got into my car the same thing happened, about 10 seconds into my drive everything dropped and reconnected.  And this is what continued to happen about 50% of the time, sometimes it was fine and sometimes everything would drop.  So I unplugged the Echo Auto and the issue went away, no more bluetooth dropping my watch and car radio.After about a week of these issues (and otherwise working fine once over that initial connection issue) I asked Alexa to play something and it said it couldn't connect to my phone.  Check the Alexa app and it showed it was offline.  Tried resetting my phone, resetting the Echo Auto, and nothing worked.  Finally unpaired the device and rediscovered it and it was back up and running.  Then two days later it did it again, same thing....unpaired and repaired.  Now I'm on about day 14 of having this device and again it decided to disconnect and won't reconnect.I'm sending it back today, it's just not reliable.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this for my car.  Most of the time it stays just fine on the magnetic holder on my dashboard, but it sometimes flies off when I'm going around the corner.  The cords hang down in my car, and sometimes the whole thing gets pulled down if something gets entangled.  It won't work with my bluetooth, so I have to use the cord.  Sometimes, it takes Alexa a long while to connect with my phone, so I'm without music/driving directions/etc.  If you travel long distances and go through dead spots, you will not be able to listen to your music/driving directions.  It's just okay.  Someday, when they put up more cell towers in Oregon, it will work better.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is constructed of 100% Grade-A connection issues. If you get it to pair the first time, you're in luck! You'll be treated to an eternal cycle of opening the Alexa app on your phone again so it can re-connect. Maps integration is genuinely awful. If it hears what you said, and doesn't mistake a street name for a contact's last name, it will pop open your maps app and forget it ever existed. Play music and navigate at the same time? Sure! But every time your maps tries to speak to you, the music pauses. It -is- as annoying as it sounds. You can get around this by running the Amazon Music app from your phone, instead of asking Echo Auto to play the music for you. But then Echo Auto can no longer control the music (wtf?).This device does not belong in a car. There are too many finnicky details and unfinished features. Re-develop this with car drivers in mind. Now.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was not difficult to connect to my vehicle.  There have been a few times that I had to go through the set up process to get it to reconnect but even that process is not hard.  This device serves its purpose.	3	December 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A few issues.So it does what I ask it to but honestly there is not much for it to do.  It makes calls and will play my Spotify.The main reason I am giving low stars is the interruptions the near constant notification of it being available cause.  Everytime it throws a I am ready notification my content has to pause and wait for the notification to pass.It is aggravating!  To the point I am considering mothballing it.  It was a $20 addon to my other echo device order.  So not so mad about it...if I had paid full price it would be a 1 star review.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I waited for ever for echo auto to be available. Last year I got an invitation for one and said I would be notified when I could buy it at a $25 dollar price. That never happened. So when it was finally available for the $50 I was so excited to buy it. Could not wait to have it!I am so disappointed with it. It was pretty easy connecting to my car. Keeping the connection is another thing. It is always saying “sorry lost connection”! That’s the least. Every time I am in the middle of something with Alexa she automatically stops and I have to start over. I almost never hear the beginning of what she is saying. I don’t know if it takes time coming threw the Bluetooth in my car, but I don’t have any other problem with anything else connected three or up to my Bluetooth.I can’t do my routines with echo/Alexa auto.So disappointed that I am almost 99% sure I am going to send it back. I was wondering if they do updates at all to fix these issues?I set reminders for times I am in the car to see if it is going to remind me and not 1 time has it reminded me one of the things I have asked.I have echo dots in the house I love so much that work so well. Why doesn’t this one do the same??I would not recommended to buy one of these at all.	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love the idea of this product so much, which is why I was very disappointed in how it worked out in practice. My main issues with this are1) it frequently fails to connect to my phone and I have to unplug it, wait a few seconds, and plug it back in and then it recognizes my phone (galaxy s9)2) it doesn't sync with audible. This is unacceptable to me, that Amazon's own audible app doesn't sync up with playback through Alexa. I can listen to a chapter on my audible app and then get in my car and tell echo auto to resume that book and it starts a chapter back, it won't recognize where I read to in the audible app.3) Spotify support is garbage. To be fair, I don't know how much of this is on Spotify vs amzon, but half the time I get in the car and ask to play something on Spotify, it says ""playing (song) by (artist) from Spotify"" and then.... Nothing. Silence. The only way to get it to start playing music is pull out my phone, kill Spotify app and retry my request. This is never a problem on any of my other echo devices.I can't say for sure how much of these issues are on echo auto vs my phone or other apps, but I can say that it's a bad experience and nothing like my other echo devices."	2	December 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really want this to work, but its not quite ready.  If you want this to play the music you ask it for only then this is a 5 of 5 product.  if you want it to do nearly anything else then yo should skip it and move along.  Plays music flawlessly for amazon music, spotify, and pandora ( I haven't tried others).  it seems to hear you relatively well in all situations.  It will not set a route on my phone no matter what I do.  It will ask for a specific address, I will give it the address clearly, it wont do anything but tell me it needs a specific address again.  Calling people is spotty also, about 50/50.  I'm Not sure how something can work extremely well at one thing and do everything else extremely poorly.  my vote is to wait on the next one at this point.  Setup was simple for iPhone and Toyota Bluetooth radio.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like how it functions like devices in my home, however the battery drain on my phone is horrible. I never need to charge my phone during the day, except when connected to this device for longer periods. When activating Pandora through Alexa I know longer get time or album information. Another issue is, and this doesn't make sense, we limit how much our daughter can be on wi-fi and Alexa doesn't want to connect to her phone when's it's not connected to wi-fi. But it's not like you can be connected to wi-fi while you're driving around everywhere.	3	August 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Completely useless product. Sure it worked fine, but other than shopping on Amazon it just does everything your phone ready does for free. Don't waste your money are another useless gadget.	3	January 28, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I did not purchase this item, but received it free as a result of a Nationwide promotion. If I had to purchase the Echo Auto, I would definitely not and am oh so glad I did not spend money on it!We already own a number of Echo products and was aware that you can only stream the same music through the Echos unless you use Prime Music and Spotify or iHeart Radio etc. However, if you are prepared for premium Amazon music you would not have to worry about this limitation, but I am not prepared to pay extra for that. Nevertheless, I was hoping that they would change the above listed limitation with the Echo Auto. Unfortunately, they have not. This means that I could be listening to Prime Music in my car, but will be disconnected as soon as my child arrives home and plays their Prime Music favorites through their Echo. This limitation is what has impacted my overall rating.Furthermore, my honest opinion is that the Echo Auto is redundant. If you already have the Alexa app, and you can connect to your car audio, you effectively already have an ""Echo Auto"" in your car, but minus the cables!In terms of the unit itself, the set up was easy, no issues with connectivity. Sound quality for the unit itself is pretty good, but once you connect your phone, it will use your phone to play through whatever you have connected. The rest is dependent on the quality of your speakers etc., so the overall audio quality for me is excellent. Voice recognition, despite my accent, was excellent.I will not be using this is my car, which is supposed to be what it was made for. Whether I will use it in my home remains to be seen. I did test whether it plays through a Bluetooth speaker connected to my phone and it does. So, I do have the option of using it somewhere other than my car."	1	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted Alexa Auto to be able to access everything that I do on our home Echos--with just as much ease. So here is one of my primary problems with this item: It does not play nice with my car's built-in phone/entertainment system. It is all-or-nothing Alexa Auto. I have Alexa throughout our home (lights, security, music, etc.), but I DO NOT let her have access to any of our phone contact lists--she accidentally sent a voice memo to my boss one day and that was the only lesson I needed. So, for this reason, Alexa Auto does not have access to the calling feature in my car--which is a huge hassle. I have to dial from my phone instead of via Bluetooth as I usually did (via my car). I trust Toyota with my contact list, while I'm in the car, but not Alexa. However, with Alexa in the car, my car's call feature is disabled. It's a mess.Plus, every time I get in the car I have to connect my phone to Alexa Auto--it keeps disconnecting...this shouldn't be so complicated.Then, on top of all of this, I have hearing loss and wear blue-tooth enabled hearing aids, and Alexa Auto immediately connects to my hearing aids whenever I enter the car....I don't necessarily want the car's music in my ears all the time, plus anyone else in the car can't hear the music because it's being looped directly into MY HEAD.Finally, the vent adapter that came with it falls off immediately, so the Alexa has to lay in one of the cup holders. It was in the way and the cord was ugly.I would have sent it back, but I foolishly threw the packaging away. I do not use this. It is laying in the garage. I'm SO glad I didn't pay hardly anything for this. I LOVE my Alexas in the house, but really hate this.	1	November 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device has allowed me to play music via bluetooth in my 2013 automobile. However, there are a few issues:- my car has handsfree bluetooth already, so sometimes using google maps or calls makes the whole system wonky and needs a reset from my phone or something similar. It doesnt always do this, but sometimes it freaks out.- resetting it when I got my new phone was difficult. The orange reset light would turn on and then disappear too quickly. It took about 30 mins to an hour to properly reset and get it linked from an iphone X to an iphone 11 pro using the alexa app and reset process as outlined on there.- more annoyingly there is a whine that increases in pitch with my revs (my car is a manual transmission). It is sort of like a supercharger whine coming through my radio. Have not figured out how to fix this issue yet. Its subtle, but annoying and really shouldn't happen.Overall its ok, but seems cheaply made and buggy.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It will be a whole lot better if this works as another Alexa at home. But no, this is special. It doesn’t get announcements etc.I also don’t like that I’ve to plug it into the car. I fear draining my car’s battery over night or when I take long at where ever I go. So I leave it unplugged for most part because Siri does a lot of things I need without the hassle.  I understand Apple doesn’t allow Amazon to run Alexa all the time but this is not the exact solution I was hoping for.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is a pain in the neck. I really wanted this to work for road trips, but it doesn't even do the most basic things that are expected, like giving directions and playing music. Music streaming is very staticy and interrupted. When I stream music from the phone through my car's Bluetooth, there is never an issue with that. Also, this device seems to mess with my phone's Bluetooth connectivity. It is as if I had to unpair the echo manually every time I try to connect another device. Calls also won't go through the echo, and since the echo will prevent my phone from connecting to other Bluetooth devices, I can't accept ANY calls while my phone is connected to the echo, not even through my car's Bluetooth and speakers. Trying to connect echo via the AUX cable to the car's speakers to avoid the Bluetooth connection issue was unsuccessful also. The echo device will automatically try to connect to the Bluetooth system no matter how hard you try to avoid that. Then there is the issue that you will need the Alexa app on your phone. It sucks too much power out of your phone, so the battery levels go down way faster when you run that app. Also, the Alexa app will practically intercept most of anything on your phone and try to channel other apps' activities through the Alexa app. *Except* for the Google Maps app, where you would really like to have hands free access while driving, even only through the Alexa app without the Echo device in your car. But it's not working. The whole idea is just not really well thought through yet. I really wanted this to work, but so far every time I tried, it has not just made things harder while driving, it makes them even impossible. Very disappointing. Hope they come up with a better device.(I use a BLU G9 Pro for a phone, in case that matters.)	1	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like having Alexa in the car.  Sometimes her connectivity is an issue but overall I'm pleased with it.  Some strange programming decisions by the developers.  It doesn't support timers or alarms but you can get around that by asking her to remind you of something in 10 or 20 minutes (you pick the time).  If reminders work I can't understand why timers or alarms don't work.  Oh well.  I'm sure they will improve the features over time.If I'm listening to a Podcast via bluetooth, Alexa overrides it when I talk to her.  I then have to manually reconnect to my Podcast.  Not safe when driving.  I tried to use the USB connection feature but she still overrides by Bluetooth connection.  Again, I'm sure they will fix this over time.It's great for weather forecasts, work commute times, and playing tunes from my Amazon Unlimited account.  It's also nice to be able to ask her to turn on the house lights as I'm approaching the driveway.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’sa nice novelty item, but has limited functionality	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I will say one positive thing about this product that some people have not figured out.  You do not have to dash mount this for it to work.  I took off the magnet piece and used sticky tape to mount the magnet to the outside of my center console and used the USB plug in my center console and the whole thing was tucked away nicely and could hear my speech without any problem. If you have this as an option, its the nicest way to hide it.And now for the bad.I got this for free through my car insurance somehow and so I tried to use it.  First off, its Alexa only so you might as well be holding a paperweight if you don't use Alexa.  There are some ways around this through 3rd party apps to make it more android compatible but I got frustrated trying to make it all work and gave up.  The setup was horrible for how easy it should have been.  I played with it for 20 minutes before it finally recognized everything it was supposed to.  I got in and out of my car several times and found that Alexa's voice would many times just not transmit through the bluetooth.  I am sure there are compatibility issues and maybe my car just doesn't like it but this device does so little outside of being a better microphone that it just was not worth investing the time to troubleshoot it for hours.I would actually like to have a better microphone for picking up my voice because I have a Jeep Wrangler soft top and at highway speeds, I have to lean forward into my dash mounted phone to have it pick up my voice.  If it integrated with android better, I would be fine paying $50 for it.	1	January 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Update Oct 2019):  Seems to connect more reliably for some reason, but my other gripes regarding sound levels and overpriced Audible below still apply.  And a few new gripes:  (1) the games are stupid and sometimes hang up in the middle (2) they need some kind of news filtering or curating  - totally useless in current form.Just received it a week ago, and have been using it around town:There are a lot of quibbles, but first and foremost, it sometimes does not connect with my (Android) phone.  (2) It's needs better ""sound level equalization"" with the sound level of music played through it.  (3) directions works fairly well, using Google Maps (the best app), but sometimes there are duplicate voice instructions, and some catch up.I expected more things to entertain me while driving, but if I have to order Audible, forget it, as it's way too expensive.Anyway, in summary, love the Echo Dot in my house, but the Echo auto is only marginally useful at this point."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's great if you want to listen to your favorite AM or FM stations (assuming they are available on TuneIn or iHeart Radio AND they are playing exclusive content like a baseball game) wherever you go.But if you think you can say ""Alexa, call..."" and someone in your phone's phonebook, don't bother.  If you ask for directions to someone in your phonebook, it'll ask if you meant some random business anyplace in the country that doesn't sound anything like what you asked for.""Alexa, give me directions to John Smith's house.""Did you want directions to Pep Boys in Albuquerque, New Mexico?""???  huh  ???The integration with your phone's phone and address book is non-existent and don't even THINK about asking for the info stored in your car's bluetooth directory.Like I said, if you want to listen to your favorite AM or FM station or possibly stream some other service, it works well.  If you want to have it do specific things, it's a toss-up."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	To begin I have an older 2010 Suburban.  It does have Bluetooth for voice only.  Now, the Echo Auto does a decent job having my phone call, and use the truck for the voice.  It even does a decent job doing other small things like navigation etc.  Admittedly the audio is way better when playing Amazon Music etc through the echo Auto rather than using the traditional input cableMy biggest problem is connectivity to my phones.  I have had this issue with the Pixel XL and XL2.  Where in order for the Echo Auto to connect Ihave to reboot my phone as it loses connection to Alexa, even with the application open.  This happens about every third time I get into the vehicle consistently, and sometimes while driving and in the middle of operation.  Admittedly I do unplug the Echo Auto each time I exit the vehicle.Overall it does what it should, but the connectivity issues with the Alexa app on Android are infuriating.	3	November 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love amazon products but I am not a fan of the Amazon Auto. I had hoped that it would not be so obvious in the car. I don't like seeing the power cable hanging down and it is not long enough where I could mount it on the top of my windshield and hide it like I do with my dash cam. The vent mount is not convenient either, one size does not fit all. Amazon should have done something similar to the Roav Viva. I think  Roav did a better job of offering in vehicle alexa without being visually intrusive and at the same time offering more functionality, two USB outlets (See photo). I also don't like the fact the Amazon Auto does not allow me to open my garage, even with my pin code. And it does not allow me to choose my GPS app for navigation, I am stuck with Apple's built-in maps which I don't think anybody use, certainly not me. Hopefully they will improve the next generation. I am returning.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes about Echo Auto and waited for full 12 months to get her. So here she is sitting on an air vent in my car. Echo Auto has full connectivity to Alexa services once you are connected to the internet. I use iPhone Xs as Alexa app provider and Bluetooth connectivity is good. What is poor relates to the app integration with other ones that may be in use at the same time. Alexa stalls quite often or can’t get to required service unless reset. This is annoying and in fact dangerous once you start playing with the device during driving. I was also disappointed with 8 microphones that were supposed to offer superb voice recognition.  It is O’K but in my filling not a notch better that one microphone on Garmin Speak that I bought when waiting for the Echo. And I must say that my personal preference is rather with the Garmin. It has a tiny display that can be used as a GPS. Small thing but makes a difference.	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I think the big appeal would be the ease of use, making connecting your car to Alexa seamless. I agree. And *when* it works it's great. However....the *when* is the biggest issue. It relies on WiFi/Wireless and Bluetooth.  So, until you drive out out wireless range of work or home, she'll give you a hard time. If that isn't the hard time she's giving you, it's the Bluetooth connection.I wanted to like this, heck, I wanted to love it, but instead I've spent more time telling Alexa what I thought or her instead of enjoying my music or books.At the end of the day, it would be easier to either A. Use Amazon Music with Bluetooth to your car stereo, or B. Get a Bluetooth adapter for your car stereo (or use Aux input) and Amazon Music.  (or could use your phone Always on Alexa).This potentially awesome device is not the Droid you are looking for.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Works just as well as my Alexa products in the house, but it is annoying that while my phone can automatically connect to my stereo, Echo Auto cannot automatically connect to the app (which I never close and allow background data).  Every time I get in the vehicle I have to open the Alexa app to allow the Echo to connect so it can work.  That is ANNOYING.  I want seamless connectivity.  Many times, my mind is somewhere else and I forget to open the app and then when I need Alexa to do something, I get the dreaded message, ""Echo had lost contact with the Alexa app.  When it is safe to do so, please open the Alexa app.""  At that point, I am already driving down the road and shouldn't be trying to navigate an application to get it to work.  The whole point is to be ""hands-free.""  This should really be addressed.  All of my smart gadgets connect automatically to my devices, why not the Echo Auto?"	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Not a hands free control of your phone, but a mobile use of Alexa. You can't control apps or information from your phone. For example, if you ask it to play an audio book from audible, it starts playing it via the Internet like it would in your home. That's ok for home because of Wifi, but while in my car, the data connection from my phone is being used and sapping data. But what is more disappointing is that the book is in the Audible app on my phone so it could play from there. Secondly, the bluetooth is with the phone directly and not the car sound system. So my phone has to be hooked to the sound system. I was hoping this would bypass that, especially since it has an Aux out. Lastly, the small rubber cable management piece fell off from the heat of being in the car after only a few days. I'm going to keep it to have an Echo in my RV when I'm parked....but mobile, I'm better off just saying ""Hey Siri""."	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this early on so at least saved a little money. This device is really bad...like really bad.I spent hours of cussing and stressing trying to get it to work. Part of it is my own fault. I have a 2008 Jeep and my phone is connected to my speakers. So, I can make a call through my car so I thought I had Bluetooth. I guess I don’t. If I want to use this I have to use another cord and then limit my radio. There are so many cords!  They get in the way and are a hassle.The only way I can really get it to work is if I turn up my cellphone volume and keep the Alexa app open. Then if I scream at the echo auto I can have her answer my questions through my phone. Basically I might as well use Siri on my phone.The microphones are horrible. My Jeep is old so road noise and the A/C make it impossible for me to use it. I have to click the button instead of using the wake word.In summary, I can’t get it to go through my car speakers only through my iPhone speakers. There are too many cords. It blocks one my a/c vents. It disconnects from my phone constantly so I have to keep opening the Alexa app and click a button saying I won’t use it while driving but to get it to work I do so it’s an accident waiting to happen. The microphones can’t pick up my voice unless I scream.I would stay away. If you can get it for 15 or less it may be an interesting gimmick.  If you have a new car it might work better but my guess is that newer cars may have something better. This will be one of those things that will probably go away quickly and be seen as a big mistake.	1	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I loved it at first and originally rated it 5 stars but 6 months after getting it the device just completely stopped working.	2	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	it is a good product except for always disconnecting.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was originally really excited for the echo auto as I have an older car and I wanted to be able to call/text and play music hands-free. After about 20 days of trying to get the echo auto to work it was not worth it. Sometimes she would be amazing, immediately connect to my phone and help play music, search for drive times, etc. The majority of the time she would not be able to connect for the whole drive leaving her useless as I can't trouble shoot or reconnect her while driving. I tried using the aux connection instead of bluetooth and repeatedly changed her settings in the Alexa app. After I set Spotify as my default music service and even if I specially asked for a song from Spotify she would continue to play it from Amazon music. Also for those of you hoping to now be able to take calls hands free it probably won't work. I can hear people's voices through my sound system, but have no microphone for them to hear my responses. The echo auto cannot serve as the mic for you to take calls on. Also dictating sms texts through the echo auto is only for android users.  To be able to text through the echo auto on iOS you can only text through the Alexa app, so the recipient must also have the app. Even after trying to text through the app I wasn't able to get it to work. Long story short I bought a $10 microphone for my car and enabled ""hey Siri"" on my phone and those two things allow me to do everything I was originally hoping to do using the echo auto. Also, the air vent mount did not stay put and would fly off the dash while making sharp turns or accelerating."	1	March 23, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t know why this is necessary. It does the exact same thing as my phone. my phone is hands-free as well. In fact if I unplug it, it automatically reverts to the phone and doesn’t go off. Fortunately, I got it on prime day. Otherwise it is too expensive for what it does. it is not needed if you have a smart phone. It does everything it is supposed to do. I just think it is a waste of money to buy something that doesn’t do anything differently. I don’t need this one my phone already does what it does.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	the echo auto is great if you have an older car that's when echo autos features really come in handy. with all the reports  have read giving the device bad reviews in almost all categories i almost regretted buying it as expected it actually does perform like a prototype device .  A device that is maybe in a phase where the public is testing it. I have enjoyed having it for almost a week but i honestly hope Amazon provides future over the air software updates that will fix the following issues: android/apple device navigation integration , the time it takes from when the wake word is stated to when the action is performed and also please fix the locations issue! i have entered and reentered names and address of places in the alexa app and also in the google maps app in my phone but echo auto refuses to navigate to those places. it is trying to tell me not to go to those places?! lol but over all its a decent device.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I seriously LOVE Echo products and they are all over my house and are super helpful in so many ways. I use them every day for reminders, alarms, turning on lights, music, general questions, etc. I thought Auto Echo would provide a similar benefit, but in actuality it just didn't. I thought it would be easier to play Pandora music mainly and other simple things, but it was more of a hassle than anything else, particularly due to all the wires.Maps/GPS was really a failure for me because I am a visual person and I want to SEE the map. Just listening to Alexa guiding me just wouldn't work. I need to visually see the image of the road with my eyes on a screen, especially if you are listening to the radio or someone else is talking in the car.Music/Pandora etc streaming from Auto Echo really wasn't that great either. I went ahead an bought an infotainment screen to update my existing radio on my 2012 vehicle that just had a regular radio--and it was fantastic. At that point Echo Auto because completely pointless and had no real use at all because GPS, music, etc was integrated into this radio head unit. Unfortunately, there seemed to be no real point to have Auto Echo in my car in the end.Nice try Amazon, it had potential, but it's just too basic to really provide any real benefit. It's a no from me.	2	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This was the last straw for me with Alexa. I am switching to google assistant!I had been eagerly waiting for over a year for the echo auto to come out. It seemed like the perfect addition to my “non-smart” 2007 BMW.First of all, it always has connection issues right as I’m leaving my house (i.e. the time I most often need to use it). It seems to really struggle with my phone switching from home WiFi to cellular connection (which is odd because I don’t have this issue on my phone itself).Second of all, the speakerphone is garbage. It sounds worse than the iPhone speakerphone to whoever you’re calling.Third of all, and most importantly, the navigation integration with your phone is awful. On iPhones it currently only works with Apple Maps- Google Maps users are SOL. It also tries to use some Amazon service to disambiguate the location you request. I tried to go to a restaurant near my house in California, and it ended up sending me to Vermont!I quickly switched to using google assistant on my phone, and it found the restaurant with no issues.There are plenty of other smaller issues I had with product (why would I want to listen to Panic at the Disco instead of Queen when I ask to hear Bohemian Rhapsody?), mostly having to do with the intelligence of Alexa.I stuffed it into my center console to be used solely as a Bluetooth audio receiver a few weeks ago, but was motivated to write this review when I saw an incredibly misleading advertisement for the echo auto during Sunday night football.I have been using Alexa for over four years and have bought echoes for friends over that time, but it only seems to be getting worse with every iteration.  Buying this “smart” device has been a huge hassle and waste of time.	1	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I couldn't wait to get this but did not know it won't work in your car unless tou have an AUX port on your car radio. I have an old car and thought this was gonna be great because I don't have bluetooth in my car but ended up having to go buy a portable speaker and run the AUX from alexa to the speaker... Honestly it just looks like a big mess in my car. Also anytime you say tune to a certain station it always trys to play serius xm which i dont have! Overall not what i expected.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This does not always connect properly and does not send text messages	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After a week or so the device became loose and fell from the vent. Also I couldn't reposition my air vent while the device is attached. I experienced a delay when skipping songs. I also didn't like the fact that my bluetooth device has to be selected on my car for me to use alexa. It's not like a dot where you can just speak to it. You're bluetooth has to be on and selected or you won't hear her. So if your listening to FM radio, you won't be as to utilize alexa unless you switch to bluetooth. The cord to connect to power is also a bit ugly to have to look at.	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There's nothing absolutely fabulous about this little gadget. It is nice to listen to Sirius when I'm driving my old truck, but I could just as easily do that with a FM transmitter & the car app on my phone. Sure, it's fun to ask for driving directions & weather reports, but it's not necessary. Phone calls are ok. I can hear callers great, but they have trouble hearing me. I probably will keep it just to avoid the hassle of sending it back, but I honestly don't know how often I'll use it.	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hasta ahora lo único que me reconoce es “Alexa play music” o “Alexa play X song”, cuando le he preguntado por las “noticias” o alguna otra cosa NO funciona.También me ha servido para contestar llamadas, pero me han dicho que me “escucho lejos cuando hablo”.En español y en inglés tengo los mismos problemas, cosa que no ocurre con los echo que tengo en mi casa.Debo mencionar que mi auto no es ruidoso normalmente tengo las ventanas cerradas … por lo tanto, estos problemas no son un problema de “ruido ambiental”	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this would be more like the Alexa in my home but for safety reasons Alexa will not do all I ask of her unless I'm parked.  I can't seem to get it to work with my car play screen like I thought it would	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Maybe this is awesome for some people.  I don’t know.We are Alexa power users.  There’s an Echo in every room of my house (including the garage), a firetv on every television, and all of our lights, fans, security cameras, thermostats, and door locks are run through Alexa.That being said, I haven’t bothered to plug in my Echo Auto since I first set it up.The connection is unnecessarily (maybe?) complex.  It has to be connected to my car and phone via Bluetooth.  The connections had to be constantly re-established and would disconnect.  Every time I started my car (2014 Honda) I had to wait for everything to kick in and hope it all played nicely together.  Listening to music meant that I now had my phone, telling Alexa to play Apple Music, telling my car to play Apple Music when the connection between my phone and car (via Bluetooth or cable) was far more reliable.All that being said...there’s nothing Alexa can do for me in my car.  Maybe drop-in or announce something but there was no clear way to know that worked. “Alexa open garage door” was cute but felt really dumb as there was a button inches away from my face that did the same thing (and more reliably).  We do not use grocery lists so perhaps that’s a function that may benefit others.All-in-all this is a stupid idea and feels like one of the most blatant attempt by a tech company to get a mic literally everywhere.  I like Alexa (I don’t even know what light switches in my house do what anymore) but this was a stupid product.	1	June 24, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the sound this alexa  makes but with two of us having iphones, alxea has trouble connecting to the correct phone in our Subaru outback.  Maybe it's the car and not alexa.	3	January 5, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Following Amazon's advice over a dozen times now has failed to reset and reconnect it to my car.  It worked sporadically until I changed phones; since then it is not heavy enough to use as a paperweight, and it has no other conceivable value.Addendum:  Amazon must think people keep their phones forever.  If you get a new one, it turns out that, in order to use your device once more, you must visit the Amazon website, then travel through a byzantine path to find a tiny print link that deregisters the Echo Auto device.  At that point you can connect a ""new"" device (your original Echo Auto) and have the sometimes on sometimes off behavior of Alexa in your car once more.What makes it so hard to take is that I can compare it to my mostly Apple household where things simply work with a minimum of, if any at all, fuss."	2	October 20, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve been playing around with the Echo auto for a couple of weeks. It was easy to install. I’ve been using the Drop In feature on my way home from work and it very cool and safer than playing around with my phone. I feel like the sound is very good. I love requesting songs to play. It can tell me where the nearest gas station is too. What I don’t like is how long it takes for my car to connect to Bluetooth since I’ve installed the Echo Auto. I want to listen to my audiobook and it connects and says it collecting my phone information before connecting to Bluetooth. It seems like it keeps trying this cycle over and over again before I can get it to play my book. I have to keep hitting the play button, it plays through my phone then pauses then tries to connect to Bluetooth again. I eventually get my book to play. I feel like I’m going to be at my destination before I get my book to play.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The good:  enjoyed being able to easily play my music on the road, get a quick weather update, etc.The not so good:  Requiring a dedicated power cord and have this synced via BT to my car felt somewhat like 1990 having a walkman CD player connected to the car via the tape deck.  Clunky-ish but worked.The bad:  if the internet connection was at all slight due to location, the lag in the device was significant and at times inoperable. The voice recognition was hampered due to road noise, particularly on the freeway (wherein at times would require a borderline shout). At least a few times, for unknown reasons, the device would not respond, lights would flash and a hard reboot would be required (unplug, reconnect).I have no doubt that this device will be refined and made matter with future iterations. With the current configuration it's a nice to have, not a need to have.	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve had my Amazon Echo for almost 2 years now. I drive a 2007 F150 Lariat. It’s been pretty well maintained. When I first got my echo I would unplug it before leaving my vehicle for the night. Old cigarette lighter port. Never completely drained my battery but my vehicle started having issues kicking over. Long story short. 1 sensor, 1 battery, 1 alternator, a set of new battery cables, and a starter later…just needed to unplugged my echo auto. Haven't had a charging system error or battery light in 2 months. Searched for the power consumption and came up empty. I do know my phone will connect from a different moving vehicle about a 1/4 mile back.	2	March 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ok since I got this thing first off it wouldn't answer me at all. I downloaded the alexa app and tried. It wouldn't answer to echo it wouldn't answer to echo auto and it still wouldn't answer to alexa. The radio in my truck isn't Bluetooth so I had to use the aux cord. Every time I asked something the light would come on like it was Thu king then no answer and it would turn off. Then I finally got it to work somehow and it can't hardly even hear me or understand what I'm saying. So 3 stars because it did find a station I really like on music when it did work alright. But if not for that tbis thing would have gotten 1 star. Plus I got it for free for being a loyal customer to my insurance agency so I'm not out anything so I'll give a better review since I didn't have to pay for it.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When this first hit the market it got so-so reviews and even some thumbs down. I love Alexa devices and they're all over my house.. The issues in the past...the voice recognition over car noise is at times ignored or the device misunderstands. Also some mentioned your car is either too high tech for the device and its a letdown or your car is too primitive and it won't work. So....I waited...7 years as a matter of fact for improvements, bug fixes and upgrades. It was on a lightning sale so...let's do this. It's a little neat but moreso unsatisfactory. Its the same so-so device that critics years ago didn't really like. Even for $20...for me...not worth it. Voice commands on my phone and car are far superior in understanding and execution. Imagine you'rea pilot and your copilot is hard of hearing, understand only some of your discussion, carries out only some tasks and whose navigational skills are lacking...that sums up Alexa for your car. Mines going to Goodwill.	2	August 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Used twice and then could not get to reconnect to Bluetooth.	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device has potential, but really lacks with navigation currently.I can ask this device to do anything with my smart home that I have hooked up without being home, and that integration with Alexa is superb.When I use other voice-activated mobile devices with smart assistants, I can ask something pretty broad and get relatively good answers that are usually immediately useful. For example, if I ask “Find me a [specific drugstore], I get a map with pins all over to fulfill my request that I can pick from. The Alexa app has access to my navigation information on my phone, but often requires me to give it a street address to get an answer at all. If I know the exact address; that works, but I live in a medium city and don’t always have the exact side road a business might be located on.  This behavior makes all but the most familiar and more specific queries for navigation pretty unhelpful and often useless.	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"If you have the Alexa App on your phone(which is REQUIRED to even use this device) YOU DON'T NEED THIS DEVICE AT ALL!!!Sorry for the yelling but it is important to know. In order to use this device, you HAVE to have the Alexa app open and running. IF you have the Alexa app open and running it can literally do EVERYTHING this device ""claims"" to do because this device is ONLY a mic input for the app running on your phone. NOTHING ELSE! And spoiler alert-your phone has built in mics to begin with.The app, with your phone alone, can make calls, drop in on your other echo devices, send messages, add to your list, get directions, add reminders, play music, open audible, etc, etc, etc. WITHOUT THE DEVICE!I guess the big pull for me was that the physical device had multiple mics. Guess what? If you make a phone call it switches over to the mic in your stereo, or the mic on your phone anyway. The mics in the device are ONLY used to communicate with the app(much like your phone mic does anyway). It requires your phone to connect to your stereo via Bluetooth or auxiliary cable.If EVERYTHING I need to do can be done with my phone and the Alexa app, what in the actual hell is the purpose of this device?I'm returning this. 100% most worthless piece of physical hardware I've ever owned...and I bought a Slapchop."	1	July 27, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so looking forward to this product! I use my echo so much that I had been missing it while in the car. I signed up for an invite immediately but still never got mine until it came fully on the market and ordered it direct from Amazon.I was still excited to use my Amazon auto though and hooked it up right away. It didn't take too long to set up and we were on the way. It worked great in my driveway, but that's about where it ended.I like playing games on my echo, and I thought it would be a fun way for my son and I to travel. However the service goes in and out so easily, I was constantly restarting the app. I used it a little if there was a certain song I wanted to hear, but I have XM radio, so the music was not the draw for me.Even through my frustrations of being cut off in the middle of a game or news briefing, I still really enjoyed my Amazon auto. Until this week. I've tried several times, but there is zero connection, even in full cell service, full wifi signal areas. I'm so disappointed in this product from start to finish.	2	July 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Thanks to the Echo Auto, I am finally cured of my road rage. Now I have Alexa rage! If you see me driving around screaming like a lunatic in my car, don’t worry, I’m not screaming at you, I’m screaming at Alexa. She didn’t work at all in my 2013 Dodge Dart; but I finally got her to sort of work, off and on, in my wife’s 2015 Honda. It took over 30 minutes of countless attempts to get the Echo Auto to connect to both my iPhone and the car. Talking to Alexa in the car is like talking to a very elderly person—she is slow, hard of hearing, and a bit senile. You have to say her name and then wait a few seconds before telling her what you want. Please speak slowly and distinctly and try to be patient with her. When playing music, you will have to wait 3 or 4 minutes between songs. She will often forget that you want to hear music and go silent. Remind her, and she might just start the music again. But please don’t try to skip a song because she will likely become confused and stop working altogether. And don’t ask her for directions because she probably won’t know what the heck you’re talking about—she’s from out of town apparently. So if bad drivers and ubiquitous road construction crews are not providing you with enough driving frustration, pick up an Alexa Auto and experience a whole new level of annoyance!	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Being in Maine my cell service is hit or miss but usually I can get still get pandora or other streaming services to run no problem. The echo auto on the other hand needs more I guess because I get “I am having trouble connecting to the network” pretty regularly unless I have 4 plenty of bars. I also don’t like how I can have an audible book downloaded and if you ask to play it, it will try and stream it instead of playing the downloaded version every time	3	September 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This gives me a lot of pleasure--when it works as it's supposed to. People should know that it does not install without irritation. (I had to take a stab at it four or five times before I got it working.) Overall, very pleased with it's functionality for a voice operated device, however--especially in a noisy car interior.The most irritating thing about it, though, was when I found out that, if my wife was using her echo dot at home, I could not use mine in the car at the same time (unless I pay a monthly charge). That would be justified if I had teenagers in the house (i.e., frequent multiple users), but I don't use the echo car that often. But I often use it traveling to do errands in the morning and my wife is using hers while she does house chores. You really need to squeeze more money out of me for that level of usage? I would suggest to Amazon, a two user exemption.	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Device it's simple beautiful, elegant design, the light features give the car a very nice accent. Nevertheless, I must also hurt this magnificent accessory, as soon as I try to interact with the phone navigator (Nokia smartphone android one Google Maps), the device goes crazy, no answers from Alexa about my choice, navigation doesn't appear on the phone and the music stop permanently, message show up on the Alexa app asking me if I'm the passenger or not??!!! So in order to have back everything as normal I have to restart totally the bluetooth connection with the car...this is supposed to be a hands free device!? Also if I receive a calling while listening the music, everything works good on answering the call but then the music remain in pause constantly until I ask Alexa to keep playing...a little annoying. Other the that everything else is pretty cool, music and ordinary questions. Is this device supposed to receive updates to fix bugs???	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Having trouble getting it set up in m6 car.	3	April 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I did manage to get it to work briefly and I am glad that I only paid $14.99. My only reason for ordering this was an attempt to listen to an all news radio station because my new Electric Vehicle does not have an AM radio due to the noise generated by its electric motors. I found Tune In radio works well and will rarely use Alexa auto. I will try it again at a charging station while traveling.	1	October 31, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Disconnect every monent!	3	April 21, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	THIS DOS NOT WORKANY BETTER THAN THE AMAZON MUSIC APP THAT YOU HAVE ON YOUR PHONE	2	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a big echo supporter, but ther echo auto has been kind of a disappointment. One main issue I have is when I first startup my car and start to leave, I'll try to have Alexa open spotify, but she is unable to connect because my phone is leaving wifi(bad signal since leaving the house), then my phone tries to connect and Alexa can't connect. Once im fat enough I can try again and sometimes it won't play until I pull out my phone and open spotify...  other times I'll try to answer my phone from Alexa and she doesn't answer.  Maybe I'm using incorrect phrase? (Alexa answer,  Alexa answer phone, Alexa accept). Once again  I need to pull out my phone. I will say, the one time I used it for directions it was very helpful and got me to where I need. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this product, nor unless Bezbos can get all his satellites in space so Alexa is always connected	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have my plugged into the Audio in port of my car and sound quality has been great.  I have an android phone and with a little effort I was able to get directions pulled up in Waze automatically, I can send text messages by voice, listen to music (I have the unlimited package, finally talk/ad free music), It is great for phone calls especially when the family is in the car now when someone else in the car try's to talk to the person on the line I do not need to repeat it.  I get weather reports, drive time estimates, just started using traffic reports, my todo list, my calendar, email summaries, incoming text messages read.  It is great.  All of these things can be done with out taking my hands off the steering wheel or my eyes off the road.  I bought them for every driver in my immediate family	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Honestly, you’d probably be served just as well to keep the Alexa App open on your phone. Your phone has to be unlocked for the device to access your phone’s Bluetooth and internet capabilities. But, I mean, it’s functional. It does what I need it to do. Once it’s connected I can toss my phone in my purse or on the dash mount with the maps open and I’m hands free, so I have access to my Audible account or Amazon Music. Buuuut the Alexa App does the same thing, if I keep it on my dash mount.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is very basic for what this echo auto can do. But it played music well and is able to complete some calling and reminder. Not so bad. Kids like it.	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I purchased this product on invitation from Amazon as I felt it might be nice to let my voice do the work of playing music, making calls etc. Alexa Auto has been a very big disappointment. I was using this in a 2019 Toyota Highlander.It took 45 minutes to get Alexa Auto setup. It did not wan to connect to the Alexa App. After getting the setup resolved it decided to lose the connection to the Alexa App and I could not get it to reconnect until the next day after recieving a half page of things to try from Amazon Support. I used the product in my ar for 30 days with many issues.To use Alexa Auto you are supposed to say ""Alexa"" then wait for the chime to issue a command. I did this everytime I wanted to give Alexa instruction. About 50% of the time Alexa just plain acted dumb and did not perform the requested action without multiple attempts. Many times Alexa performed the requested task wrong or performed a copmpletely unrelated task. Alexa no longer resides in my car. And soon Alexa will no longer reside, in my home. I have tested Google extensively and the aggrevation level is much lower. Amazon may have been the first to come out with this type of product but just adding capability that performs poorly a lot of the time does not make me want the product.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!!!"	2	October 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update (Nov 2019): Now that I have an iPhone 11, this thing is completely useless, and of course it’s too late to return it. I’m sure a fix will be available at some point, but considering how pointless & almost useless this device already was, it’s pretty sad to see it no longer works at all! At least it did work a little bit. If a fix occurs, I’ll update my review again.ORIGINAL REVIEW (Aug 2019): I was super excited to have received an invite to try this out! I was even excited to get it installed and going in my car. That’s pretty much where the excitement ends. I wanted this bc Siri tends to get on my nerves, but I’m now growing to love it more and more everyday.This device is useful for playing games & listening to music while driving. That’s really about it. Navigation is virtually nonexistent. The initial problem was that it couldn’t pick up what I was saying (at a stop light with music off & windows up). Once it finally figured it out, it said there was no known address. I finally asked Siri and kept tinkering with making Alexa work. It finally did once. Not worth the headache.The cord. It’s super long and just in the way. I’m not sure who thought the vent clip design would solve that but it really doesn’t. I think I’d rather it be in my cigarette lighter, a cup holder, or clipped to my sun visor. Then again, how can that happen with that long, awkward cord in the way?I’m still not fully convinced of it’s usefulness when the exact same things can be done through the app. However, I kept it bc my daughter enjoys playing Song Quiz on her way to school, and I can play my Amazon Music. Paying $25 made it a little more bearable, but there’s no way it’s worth $50.	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I used to travel regularly for work so I had a WiFi hot spot. It costs me $20, but if I cancel it, I lose a discount from my cell phone company and my bill goes up $20 (so it's free?).  So one day I put a first-gen Echo Dot (one of the ones with a USB power-supply) in my car.  Pretty awesome.so when they announced the Echo Auto, I got on the wait list and got one pretty early on.  I used it for less than a day before shoving it in the glove box.  I tried it again a few months later and then I shoved everything back in the box and haven't touched it since.Installation/pairing is cumbersome.  And I found that it requires redoing it pretty regularly, even if it was working fine at the start of a drive.  After pulling into a parking lot once or twice to redo this, you'll want to chuck it out the window.Also, it doesn't support timers. My use case may be specific, but I use timers pretty frequently and there's no good reason to have left them out. Maybe the developers didn't think they were necessary, but why look at the Alexa line and think ""what can we leave out""?If you've got an AUX-in jack and a wifi hotspot or phone capable of acting like a hotspot, I would recommend just getting an Echo Dot (especially if you can get an older refurb of the ones with USB-based power plug) and using that instead. I might have to say ""Alexa, connect to my phone"" each time I get into the car, but I know after that I'll have reliable connection to my phone until I leave the car, something I couldn't get from the Echo Auto."	1	February 4, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This has a good concept but there are far too many cables hanging from my vehicle dash since I have an older, non Bluetooth stereo.If you have a Bluetooth stereo, there’s no need for this contraption at all. I’m returning mine…	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have used this problem for about a year now. I already have bluetooth in my car, but it has a lag which I find infuriating. This product was able to fix that through its aux in, and that has worked well. However, I have 2 major complaints with this product.1) The voice recognition picks up things that sound absolutely nothing like ""alexa"" and interrupts what I'm listening to.2) The microphone is going. Maybe it's been fried a little too much in the Texas heat, but whenever I try to talk on the phone, the other party complains that they can't hear me. It goes away immediately if I switch to speaker phone. This is a key feature of the device, so I think I'll have to stop using it soon."	3	August 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Still testing... Slow replies and connection to the internet. I will make sure it is not user error. Updates to follow. Stay Tune!	3	February 5, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa rarely understands me on the Echo Auto.  I'll ask her to play music and she does this.  I ask to save the song to my likes and she keeps asking me if I want to create a new list when she added a song 5 minutes earlier to that same list.She also will go silent (no music) then come back on most times.  Sometimes she can't connect.I've used her for both directions and music.  Directions are good, unless the business entrance is in a funny location.  Then she may miss where the parking lot is.Overall, I think Echo is a great idea and have 2 Gen2 Dots at home.  I think there is still some tweaking that needs to happen.  But, the technology seems to be getting better.  But, it seems each unit learns at a different pace and in some cases they don't tell each other the new functions they have learned.	3	December 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Don't get me wrong, it's a crowd pleaser but after having to re-pair it a few times within a month. Or going through a dead cell reception and it doesn't resync - it gets old. It's great for older vehicles that at least have a Bluetooth connection. But if you have hands free voice and a touchscreen in your vehicle. You'll end up not using this as much as you want. Although it does help for further home automation aspects. (ie unlock your home or turn your lights on and not having to use your phone while driving.)So points for the items related to smart home, or potential playing music via internet apps.  But the everyday use does dwindle done.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought that I would use this, but given how slow it is to respond and the fact that with a remote start vehicle it seems to never connect. I have to either not use remote start, or power it off and back on once I am in the car. Even then, when it does connect, the 5 second lag from saying the wake word till you can use it, is annoying. It spends most of its time unplugged in the floor.	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I don't know if I connected my Echo Auto correctly and most efficiently.  I can talk to, and have responses from Alexa, but I have to stop my stereo to hear Alexa.  On auxiliary, I have to crank my volume all the way up, which causes a shock when I revert back to my satellite radio station when the sound blasts.  I'm not thrilled to have wires hanging all over, and would prefer a ""on dash"" or ""in dash"" mount vs the air vent mount with fewer wire intrusions..  I know this device is still relatively new, and have great hopes that I can find more practical uses with fewer inconveniences."	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this but I don’t. I never know If Alexa is connected. I’ll ask her to play a song, she’ll repeat it and say playing and then there’s a long silence (like a few seconds sometimes minutes). Then nothing and I have to re ask her the entire request again.  It’s super annoying. Every once in awhile she’ll say she’s not connected to the internet.  I haven’t tried anything else with it because I use Waze for maps.  I’m really not impressed at all. The mount is horrible and it doesn’t work. I just have it laying in a cubby hole. You can’t fast forward to the next song with your car buttons so u might as well just open it in amazon music before driving.  I feel cheated out of $30. Amazon echos for the house and tv are much better.  You need to take this back to the drawing board.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am a big fan of echo devices and they're fully integrated into my life.  I was super excited when Echo Auto was released, as I missed my window to purchase during the pre-release.  I must say that I am VERY disappointed that Amazon has released this beta product for mass purchase - it's a great concept but not at all ready yet.The installation took me 5 different tries across multiple days.  I followed the directions, but the software is just glitchy and after the sound check, the continue button wouldn't click. I'd have to start all over, only to again have the sound check pass, but not be able to click continue.  I tried a few days later and it went through, and it said I was complete, but then again got an error message that setup had failed.  Not a great start.For the first few days, the echo would chime upon hearing the wake command, but would not respond. This went on for a few days.  Randomly, a couple days ago, it now will respond, but directs almost everything to the ""help section of your alexa app"".Even when it is fully functional, it isn't.  I have playlists and Amazon Music Unlimited, yet when I try to use the Echo Auto to access my music, it will only locate a ""station"" similar to the song I requested.  Similarly, other apps/skills I use don't recognize me. I play Jeopardy J6 and The Question of the Day every day, but Jeopardy doesn't give me the extra set of questions because I'm a prime member and the TQOTD doesn't recognize me and started a new identity.  Why isn't this tied to my profile?Bottomline, this was a $49 waste. It might be worth something someday, but right now, I'll stick to using my phone.  Not ready yet."	1	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"In theory this would be a great little companion to have in the car for long or commuter trips.  But unfortunately it doesn't work about the half the time.  When asked simple requests like the weather or directions I get ""I'm having trouble with the connection; please try again later"".  I get these responses even when my phone displays all 5 signal bars. When it actually has a good connection it usually replies about the same as my in-home units.  One reason I got this was to control my garage door.  Even that it only works about half the time as well.  First, the audio will only work via Bluetooth so if I am playing music through Apple Car play the Auto Echo does not override the existing audio playing.  I have to manually select ""Bluetooth"" in my audio controls and repeat the question. Very cumbersome.  The most annoying part is I can ask the same exact questions and half the time it gives a ""I am unable to do that"" then the next time says ""ok"".  Do not understand how the same questions only works 50% of the time.  Very frustrating.  For $20 it may be worth to have as secondary device in your car to assist with music or weather but any more than that you're wasting your money and will just frustrate you."	2	January 19, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	it's very rare that the connection stays. it's always very choppy. when. it does work, it works well but very few & far in between	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The unit works about 75% of the time with my 2016 Chevrolet. The rest of the time it either can not connect to the network, does not interact with the car stereo, or can not provide the help I requested.The instructions are sparse. I did not out common requests would need skills activated until I made such requests while driving and was told by the unit to turn on skill when safe to do so.I believe better instructions and common requests addressed (finding directions, finding local business, asking about traffic, etc) would enhance the user’s experience. Also, solve the issues related to not being able to connect with the network. This commonly happens when my phone is switching to the in car Wi-Fi. I have to wait until several minutes into the commute before Alexa will actually be able to do something. When I start driving I need access to Alexa for the unit to be useful!	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have a 2020 Hyundai Santa Fe with all the bells and whistles. These are my Pros and Cons.Pros:1. It's small. It's not some huge device that will get in the way (except for the cables as mentioned in the Cons).2. If you're familiar with Echo commands, this is no different and you should feel at home telling it to do things.3. Interfaces with lights in the house. Sometimes being able to tell the Echo to turn on the lights before you get home is nice.Cons:1. Having to connect through the app is dumb. This means whenever you use it, you have to open up the app and ensure the device is connected. Instead of getting in the car and going, you spend a few minutes getting things set up.2. The cables. Nobody wants cables running everywhere in the car these days. Fortunately, because of the car we have, we are able to hook it up to the A/C vents in the center console which go to the back seats. It's actually a perfect location that is out of the way but yet allows the Echo to hear your voice.3. It's a battle to get it to connect. Not sure why Amazon has not perfected the Bluetooth connection on this, but it's pretty raw and not ready for Prime time. Took more than 10 tries to get it to connect.4. No integration with car apps. We have to press the media button on our car in order to hear the Echo. If we have it on Radio or SiriusXM, you can't hear the Echo because it transmits over the media output.Bottom line is that this was another failed attempt at an Echo device, much like the Echo Look. It would be a lot easier, and probably better, if Amazon just had the Alexa app preinstalled on modern cars.	1	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not sure why they choose to do connection through the phone.  Why not just connect  Alexa directly o the blue tooth of the car and a separate connection to the phone so that Alexa is the common Bluetooth connection to unify communication?	3	December 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had this for about 2 months now from the time I am writing this review. I was very excited to use this in the car because of my love for my Alexa's in the house, but this version needs a lot of work. Voice recognition works about 80% of the time. If you have your windows down or heat on full blast, forget it. Sometimes, I will tell her do something and she says she will do it, and then nothing happens. I usually have to ask her to do things at least 3 times. Sometimes she says she is not connected to the internet, even when my phone clearly is and I can get online and use spotify easily. I definitely will not be gifting this as it is poor quality and not what I expect from Amazon. Hopefully, their second and third gens are able to function and behave like an echo based in the house.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall, the echo auto works very well.  It recognizes voices well, and integrates easily with a lot of the functions that I use in my car.  I only have a few nit picky things that I believe could be improved upon.  On dislike is that it always has to be plugged into a charger.  I would really like to see this have some kind of rechargeable battery to avoid the wires.  The other thing that is just a little bit of an annoyance is that if you have your phone connected via Bluetooth like mine is, you cannot properly use the echo auto unless the car is switched to having the audio played through your phone.  If you are listening to the radio or have the audio off, the echo listens but will only respond through the speakers of the car.  I think some kind of function should be allowed where the echo auto can reply from the device itself in these cases.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It took a while to install the Echo Auto:  first, the stand didn't want to work with our air vents; second, it didn't want to recognize my wife's iphone.  Finally, got it installed, only to find out it will only work if she is in the car with her iphone!  Also, found out that she can't play music if someone AT HOME (not in the car) is playing music on our home Echo!  This is extemely frustrating.  There has to be a way to have it recognize either of our iphones and play in the car regardless of what's happening at our home.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have two Echo Auto devices and, frankly, they have been a disappointment. Alexa frequently disconnects and she does not listen even when given clear directions/requests. Recently, on the newest device, I've noticed she is playing music from iHeartRadio, rather than Amazon Music. When she's done playing a song, she continues to play random music from the same channel. THAT'S NOT WHAT I EXPECT OR WANT. If I ask for songs from a specific artist, I don't want it to be followed by random other tunes from other artists.	3	August 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received my Echo Auto through an invite Amazon sent out during its initial release.  I have Bluetooth phone calls in my car but it's not able to play music through Bluetooth.  The Echo Auto seemed like a promising way to finally be able to have both.  Getting everything connected and turned on was relatively easy.  I had wires everywhere (to power and aux port) but was able to get them cleaned up with zip ties to make it somewhat presentable.  At first, music and ""Alexa"" commands worked great.  During phone calls I could hear the person on the other end fine but everyone told me it sounded like I was in a tin can and there was way too much road noise (I drive a Malibu, a fairly quiet vehicle).  I settled by making phone calls through my car's Bluetooth and playing music through the Echo although it did require manually switching things when I wanted to go from one to the other, not ideal.  After a couple weeks I started having connection issues.  I called into Amazon and they walked me through factory resetting it several times before it finally started working properly again.  Not long after I got it fixed the same connectivity issues popped back up and that on top of having to switch back and forth from car to Echo depending on if I was making phone calls or playing music was was enough to make me finally disconnect it from my fine and unplug it from the outlet.  It was a great idea and still sits on my dash in case I ever decide to give it another try but for now I'll just be listening to the radio and using Google Assistant on my phone for any voice commands."	1	February 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was incredibly frustrated getting it connected when I first received it....in fact, so frustrated that after multiple attempts to connect it failed, I put it away for several weeks.  However, when I pulled it out a few weeks later, I was easily able to connect it via bluetooth through my phone.  I have enjoyed using it since being able to get it connected, except for a few issues....1. the Alexa app absolutely sucks the battery life of my phone and quickly. As a result, when I am using the device, I automatically have to plug the phone in the charger.2. the screen display on the Alexa App while using Auto really lags, making it difficult to skip and fast forward through songs that I am listening to through Auto.  Overall, it has made my daily commute and longer road trips more pleasant, but I would really love it if the 2 issues above could be resolved.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After waiting for what seemed like forever to have the Echo Auto launch, I finally got it and immediately ran to the car to set it up. I have so many Alexa devices and couldn't wait for the technology to be mobile.First, the set up was less than easy. It took me about 45 minutes to finally get her working and I'm very familiar and comfortable with technology. I'm sure there are people out there who quit trying long before the connection is successful.My first drive with my friend Alexa was awesome. She was everything I wanted. I asked her scores to the games, played my music, made my calls.. what you would expect.Second drive, not as fun. I kept yelling to Alexa but nothing. Finally, I noticed that my phone didn't connect to Bluetooth so that eliminated my connection to the Echo. Once I established the Blue Tooth connection, Alexa responded.Third trip, I ensured that I connected to Bluetooth right away. Alexa, Alexa, are you there Alexa? Nothing. I then realized that she had fallen off her perch and is under my seat. I pulled her out but still can't get her to answer. I had to turn my car off and back on to get her to connect correctly.Several trips in, Alexa, Alexa, Alexa.  She sometimes responds but that is mostly with ""I am unable to connect at this time.""  I don't know if it is the device, the app, or the fact it is running off of cellular data vs. WiFi but the connections are so inconsistent that I have reverted back to ""Hey Siri.""Lastly, Echo Auto has been disconnected from my car because the connections were so inconsistent and the vent holder not strong enough to keep her mounted. It became more of a pain than it was worth. :("	1	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This took me 6 months or more to finally use. I tried to connect it with my phone for months & it wouldn’t recognize the device. I shoved it into my glove box & forgot about it. I gave it another try recently & it’s working great. Not sure if they updated the app, but now that it works I like it. Works just like the Alexa in my home. Sometimes she tells me that I can’t play something, so I have to go into the app history but other than that it works fine.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Does everything I want her to do but could be better.Good -1. I got her half off2. She navigates to where I want to go3. She recognizes my contacts better than my car Bluetooth.4. She connected easy.S. She is light weight.6. They include a vent mounting bracket which worked great for my car.7. Mostly like the echo for your house. Bad -1.  There is an annoying delay when you say ""Alexa"",2. Only open Google maps for directions.  Should open whatever I want.3. She is hard of hearing sometimes.4. She talks a little too much when asking her to do something.  Just do it Alexa without any lip.5. She should ask me when I need to call whether my contact is home or mobile if 2 numbers are attached to 1 contacts.Overall I am pleased with the product but it could definitely be better.  But for what I paid, I cant complain."	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have several echo devices in our home and I love the hands free ease of it, so trying the echo auto was something I was definitely interested in.  It essentially works the same as every other Alexa device- hands free music, asking questions, adding notes, making calls.  This all works great... when the device actually works.  Which is less than half the time. It is CONSTANTLY disconnecting.  Start the car up, maybe it works, maybe it doesn't. If it's working and you get a phone call, the call will go through, but echo will no longer connect after the call is finished.  Get out of the car to get gas? Again we're disconnected.  Drive more than 10 minutes? Disconnected.  Every once in a while it will reconnect on it's own, usually not. Sometimes I can get it to reset by pulling out the power cord and plugging back in. Usually not.  The one new hands free Alexa feature I was looking forward to was navigation. It could never figure out where I wanted to go no matter who extremely precise I was when asking for directions.  Overall, I'd consider keeping it if they can fix the connection issues but if not... back it goes!  Also, although I was able to attach it to my vents, it blocks the entire vent and so the device sits in my cup holder....	2	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo device works fine for interacting with Alexa and syncing to phone. The main issue is that the aux port on the device ruins any experience in listening to music or keeping it plugged in with a terrible static feedback. I don't know if its not shielded or something but it's a constant buzz that gets louder as you accelerate.The issue is on the Echo device and not the Aux cord or Aux in general. I had been just plugging my phone in using the same cord and set up with out any major feedback issues. I tried three different cords but the issue always persisted.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited when I received my Echo Auto.  However, the excitement did not last long.  I have spent hours trying to resolve various issues.  The setup process had a few hiccups, but I was able to get the Echo Auto working.  For some unknown reason, it randomly loses connection.  I have several Echo devices in my home, so I am familiar on how to request information from Alexa.  I use Echo Auto for directions and it works well, until it loses connection.  My biggest complaint is using the calling feature.  One of the main reasons why I got this device is my car does not have bluetooth.  I live in a hands-free state, so I must make phone calls without holding my phone.  When I ask Alexa to call someone from my contacts list, I get a message stating the number cannot be completed as dialed.  However, when I tell her the number (which is also in my contacts list) to dial (123-456-7899), the call goes through with no problem.  None of my other Echo devices have had any issues calling from my contacts list.  When I contacted the customer support department, I was only directed to reset the device.  I have reset my device numerous times and the problem still exists.  I do not know if the unit is faulty or if it is a glitch in the system.	2	October 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Still not connected.  Having a hard time	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can't change the wake word to match my home Alexa System.  It often goes out when I travel away from the city.  I often receive a message to allow location on my cell phone so the weather in my area can be reported, but my location is on. My Alexa app freezes on a warning not to use the app while driving.  It does not know that I am sitting in my driveway and the car isn't even on (except the key is in the ACC setting).  However the Auto Alexa does a much better job to understanding my voice when asking to make a phone call by voice.  I like the idea to turn on my living room lights before getting out of my car in the dark.  I don't have to fumble around for my cell phone app, just tell Alexa to turn on my lights right before I turn the engine off in my car.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When I first set it up, it required the Alexa app to be running before you can ask anything. That was annoying and defeated the purpose of going hands free. They have since corrected that and are no longer required to bring up the app. Good job! The biggest fault I have seen is it regularly drops bluetooth sync with my iPhone 8; music might start coming out of the Echo instead vice the car radio, and it regularly stops playing after one song in a series. Very frustrating to ask, ""Play 80s Rock,"" and get only one song. Also believe integration with WAZE is not figured out yet since running the WAZE app causes the audio to drop from the Echo. Cycling through the apps on my iPhone is the only way to get audio fed back through the bluetooth. I love all things about Amazon and their Echos. I'm hoping with firmware and software updates, this too will be any amazing device to use on the road."	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I enjoy having my music available while driving and being able to check weather reports, etc. However, the connectivity is sporadic at best. Sometimes, I am able to immediately connect. Many times however, the auto Alexa will tell me that she’s having a problem connecting to the server and to try again later. Interestingly, I have found that I can almost always ask her a question and get an answer. It seems to just be the music that she has problems with. Occasionally, she will start playing the station I requested after a few minutes of silence. I have disconnected and reconnected the system but can’t get reliable service.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Several times after leaving my truck for a few days, the battery died.  After dealership examination, they found that it was a constant drain on the battery if left plugged in. Be very carefully to disconnect from you car if you’re not going to drive for a few days.	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Amazon copy for Echo Auto is a lie (see picuture). TuneIn has not been working for months. Just search questions for ""TuneIn"". Amazon doesn't care. This is an orphan product.I've been using Echo Auto for years to play stations from TuneIn. This year it just stopped working. If you ask ""Alexa play CNN from TuneIn"" the Echo Auto will verify the request, play the TuneIn jingle, then nothing. On my Android phone it shows TuneIn paused, but pushing ""Play"" does nothing. Amazon has known about this issue for at lease several months but so far has done nothing to fix it. This is only the latest glitch from Echo Auto.They also recently had an issue where for weeks older Echo Dots could no longer find Bluetooth devices for pairing. And Spotify on my Echo Dots seems to have some kind of buffering issue where it momentarily stops playing for several seconds, then resumes. I also bought Echo Link when it first came out with an Echo Remote to control volume and playback. It worked fine for several weeks, then suddenly the remote would not control the Link and the option to connect a remote to an Echo Link disappeared from the Alexa app.Bottom line: maybe you're happy with your Echo devices now, but Amazon support is poor, they sometimes remove capabilities that you carefully verified at the time of purchase and Amazon will not  acknowledge that or care. Depend on the Echo ecosystem at your own risk. I'll switch entirely to Google Assistant and Chromecast devices. The support is solid and I've yet to see capabilities suddenly disappear."	1	November 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn’t work as efficiently as an in home echo device which is really disappointing. First off, you need to open your Alexa app before you can even use the Alexa auto. Second, it seems like a lot of the functions or “skills” that any normal echo device uses require extra hands on help from you before they can actually be utilized by Alexa auto. For example, if you ask Alexa auto to play something off Spotify it is unable to do so unless you open the app on your phone. I’ve even had trouble getting Alexa auto to play music off Spotify once the app has been opened. Lastly, the vent mount really doesn’t work well it keeps falling off, I wish there was another type of mount.  It just seems like Alexa auto has a lot of issues actually following through on commands and “skills”. Overall, rather disappointing unfortunately.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I guess I went overboard.  On top of the 5 Echo devices in my home I decided to get one for the car.It looks nice in the car and fits perfectly on the dash, however sometimes she cuts in and out.I don't know if it's because my wi-fi is turning on/off on my phone or what?  But it happens often.Other than that, I really love it.  You can continue playing in the car what you were playing in the house.The directions come on your phone and I still haven't figured the whole thing out yet.I would say it's worth it, just take the time to figure out how it works.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this device was a stand alone Alexa that only had to connect to your phones WiFi. It’s NOT. You have to connect it to the Alexa app on your phone and it does not work without the Alexa app being open. Well guess what Alexa... if my phone and car already have Bluetooth and WiFi and my phone already has the Alexa app and music app, I don’t need the Alexa Auto!! Why make things more complicated when the simpler version already works?!?! Now if Echo Auto Was a stand alone Alexa and only needed my phones WiFi, I’d buy that! Not this piece of junk to make things harder!!Btw - I didn’t even mention how AWFUL this looks in your car’s air vent! Plus the cord gets in the way of the steering wheel or car’s video screen. It’s actually a danger to driving!! So you can also set it up not on the air vent and just lay it down next to where you plug it in, but then it just looks messy with lots of wires. To top it off with the fact that you don’t even need this!!! This is a waste of money and effort!!People ,.... if you want Alexa in your car, save yourself time and money and effort and after connecting your phone to your car via Bluetooth, download the Alexa and Amazon Music apps. Once these apps are open, you can use voice commands “Alexa, play Despacito” or “Alexa, what is the capital of Idaho” and there is NO NEED for Echo Auto!!!!	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like how I can use the Alexa commands to play music, through Amazon music or Spotify.When it came to making phone calls, the easiest way was by using the “Hey Siri,” command, which was not heard by the Echo Auto, but via the phone itself. It would switch from the car’s speaker system to the phone between both assistants, which would leave a loud “pop” sound if your volume is high. Yes, you can make calls through iOS, but it’s not completely hands free. You’d have to select the Echo Auto to connect to Bluetooth while making the call.If other Apple features and ”Hey Siri” commands were more seamless/integrated (not bounce between car speaker system and just through the phone), this would be a great product for iPhone users.Overall, if you wanted the ability to stream music via Bluetooth and listen to phone calls through your car’s speaker system, this makes a good product.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Many of the reviews on here state various reasons why this device isn't that great......but, I have found an option that many might benefit from.  I use mine in my office at work.  I have it connected to my IHome clock radio I have had forever, using an AUX cord connection.  This allows me to use my Amazon Music app, and also allows use of Alexa to ask questons regarding the weather, traffic, etc.  I know this might not justify the cost of this device, but I missed the return window, so I had to find something to do with it.I agree with other users that as an addition to your car stereo, it's just too much of a pain to be useful.	3	September 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What did I like about it, you ask? It’s so petite, but those cords are obnoxious! It sits magically on a pedi stool clipped to my air vent, but if the cord is bumped, the petite Lil’ Lexi plummets toward the gas pedal. That pretty much sums up what I liked about it.Here comes the part of what I didn’t like, which was everything else. I have lost about 3 hours of my life trying to get this device to stay connected by app, tethered, hot spotted or bluetoothed in order to get Alexa up and going.Finally! She was set up and ready to go. She played The Temptations for me. But I soon found out that EVERY time I got  into my car I would have to reconnect Alexa in order to attempt to have her do anything. And the few times I had it working, Alexa didn’t know how to do what I was asking for.  There were the highs... we all cheered when Alexa responded to our request to play Green Day. And then there were the lows...Me: AlexaAlexa: I’m searching for your phone.Me: Alexa make a to do list...Alexa: Sorry, I cant do that right nowMe: Alexa, play Mama Told Me Not to Come, by 3  Dog NightAlexa: Screw you! Give Amazon more money if you want to hear that song.(At least that’s what I thought she said.)I’m not someone who has money to burn and I am saddened that I will be sending this gal back to where she came from. I’m only disappointed because her cousins, the Echo Dot girls, in my house are so dependable and she just isn’t up to par with them.Hopefully in the future Amazon will actually make this device more reliable.	1	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"As most other reviewers stated, the device is at best half baked. Concept is good but execution lacks.I had no issues initially connecting it to my Note 9. Used it to play the Amazon Music Library.It works for a while then out of the blue it would fail to connect and say that ""Your mobile device has lost connection to the internet"". Funny that my google play music never, ever lost connection on the same routes I normally drive.Another aspect that I absolutely disliked and it was the drop that filled the bucket and made me stop using the device is the constant issue where you stop your car, get back in, start it up. you HAVE to tell Alexa to resume your music. Every Single Time. If I stop my car 10 times a day and start it 10 times a day, I have to say ""Alexa, Resume Music"" every time. It was funny in the beginning and was mildly amused that I could ask it to do that hands free.Another issue was hands free calling, The callers told me several times that the audio is of poor quality and they can barely understand me. Keep in mind this did not happen with the Alpine Head Unit i had installed in the car which had built in Bluetooth. When a phone calls comes in, Alexa takes over the Bluetooth connection and manages to mess it up.Overall as I've stated before, the concept is cool and maybe it will get better with time via updates. Until then, not ready for prime time. After 1 whole month of using the device (from beta) I stopped using it and unplugged it for the time being. I may try it again in a few months after most bugs are ironed out. Maybe I won't have to constantly ask it to resume music."	1	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Personally this item is indeed a waste of money.  I didn’t check the reviews this time because of the star rating and the fact it was another Alexa product.  They’re usually ok at best with voice recognition, especially with age.  However, this one cannot do half of the things it should be able to do without an issue 1/2 the time. For instance, I’ll ask it to play a song/playlist on Spotify and it’ll ask me to open the app while it’s already running in the background.  If I have to pull over and pull up the app, then I’m going to take the extra step to play the music myself. Which then renders this “hands free” device as utterly useless.  I don’t like writing bad reviews but this was a waste of money.Hopefully there will be a firmware or software update for this thing that will fix that issue. If the issues get fixed and Alexa actually responds to me more often then my rating will change. Until then, this device should’ve been in beta testing.	1	May 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to love this device and perhaps I do still have feelings for Alexa herself. (Don’t tell my wife)The echo auto is small.  It does connect and operate really well in my opinion.Alas, she started losing me when there was no real solution to mounting her on the dash. Sure there are dash mounts and such. However, you still have this cord running along your dash and down to your power plug port. Sorry but that dangling cord is super annoying.Finally she was relocated to our center floor console/armrest. It also has a spot to plug her in and also plenty of room to store her spaghetti/cord.  If only she could hear me in there. In the end, we just don’t use her and it is sad because I really had high hopes. If she had been wireless and you could just charge her at the end of the day...... BAM!	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sooo, I’m reviewing this without having been able to use it much.........because I don’t have a “modern” enough car. I have no aux input to hear the Echo. Oh...she’ll TELL me I need speakers. That I hear through her speakers. She simply doesn’t work unless you can plug her in to some sort of speaker. Weather it’s your car’s aux input, or a portable speaker. The only one I have that has an aux input has really horrible sound quality and no way to mount it in the car. Soooo, if you have an older car without an aux input, I recommend you don’t get this until you have a more modern car.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received the invitation on August, at first I was really excited for this because my car stereo is simple and thought this would be an improvement, but I was wrong. I'm really disappointed, the first (and main) problem was that it randomly disconnected from the alexa app on my phone, and said ""connection lost"", and had to open the app and wait until it connected again; then when asking for directions, for example, to the nearest gas station, instead of taking me to such, it was telling me to go to a station that was more than 30 miles away from me. Another thing was that if I was driving on the freeway or more than 50 mph, Alexa couldn't hear me even with my windows up and yelling. There are more minor details that can be improved, but I would just recommend waiting to see if they improve it or make a new version of it, meanwhile just use google assistant or siri."	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice recognition fails between certain names like Daniel and Danielle consistently, almost as if ignoring the last the name or initial after the name. Cannot cancel dialing a number if you say the wrong number. Otherwise, the invitation preview version came with a perfect gel pad mount that would sit everywhere and keep the echo auto secure in place almost anywhere. The full release came with vent clip that doesn't work as well, and the cable holder fails to hold the cable. They do not make, sell, or distribute the superior mount pad anymore. Cannot be setup for multi-room as other devices, I think that makes sense if you think about it. Overall works really well, even with Bluetooth delay, a almost fully functional echo in your car with phone features.Update 1/6/2020None of these issues were corrected yet, another issue is you can't cancel dialing by voice of to messed up. The new mount that clips to the air vent is utter trash.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There a some good things and bad things about the Amazon Echo Auto. The good things are that it paired well with my bluetooth capable vehicle. It was able to connect every time without any issues which was great! I loved that I could play music, make calls, and use skills without the need to distract myself from the road.On the other hand, the speakers have a hard time picking up my voice if the vehicle or outside roads are noisy. And I do not love that it covers most of my vent which is crucially used on most days. And lastly, any time Alexa ends up saying her own name, it will trigger her to activate. This become cumbersome when you are using a skill or anything else related.But overall, I really enjoy the Amazon Echo! I think the price I paid for was completely reasonable and still use it everyday!Thanks Amazon for letting me test one of your products!	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto has great sound quality but it's really no different than just hooking your phone into your car's bluetooth if you are able to.  I was hoping this would have navigation but it really doesn't work.  It also cannot change the voice command to ""Echo"" instead of ""Alexa"" which is really annoying when you have a friend named Alexa and cannot mention that name without triggering Echo Auto.  It often freezes up after commands or takes a long time to respond.  I find myself having to say the command several times before it is picked up.You also have to deal with a long cord running in your car, so the setup isn't ideal."	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	3 star because setup took so long, also I purchased because my car doesn’t have Bluetooth but with this I have to plug into my Aux port, which sucks thought it would connect via FM.  So you have the Aux plu plus the power plug and if u gotta charge your phone that’s 3 plugs , poorly designed. Onlyafter having it for a week I realized I didn’t have to go through the Alexa app to play my Spotify.If you use the app it’s so difficult to play Spotify which was my main reason for purchasing, I found if I open Spotify it’ll play from there.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the technology that goes with the device and I think it's cool but it still needs a little bit more adjustments. I have an old vehicle, I use a cassette adapter to connect to my cellphone. I always get an issue with audio every time I start my vehicle. Alexa connects to the phone but I do not hear the audio so I have to redo the setup every time. I bought a cassette bluetooth receiver and that solved my issue, however, I learned Alexa does not connect to the Bluetooth receiver directly, it just connects to your phone so everything comes from the phone. Also, Alexa will not respond or activate unless the Alexa app is running or open on your phone. If so, why do I need the device if everything will come from my phone anyway? I have the Alexa app on my phone and my phone connects to the receiver so why the extra device? But still I use, it's cool :)	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This has a difficult time connecting to the phone every time I get in the car.  It seems to matter which order the phone connects.  If the radio connects first it says it is not connected even though the phone shows that it is. In fact when I turn my blutooth off the Echo will ""ding"" that it has been disconnected.  I turn off the bluetooth and back on to get the echo to recognize that it is connected. Also whilst trying to continue to listen to a podcast it jumped 5 episodes and then would not listen to any command to get back to the one I wanted to listen to other than ""previous episode"". I do like the sound to let me know it is connected that is helpful.  I also noticed if the phone is still connected to WiFi it has a hard time doing anything but if I wait to wake it up after I have driven away it works fine."	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is definitely a Beta device. It is very glitchy and I find I have to unplug it when I am not using it because it undermines my car's built in Bluetooth functionality. When it can find a signal, which is also an issue, it plays Internet Radio really well but if I happen to get a phone call while the Echo Auto is active, I can't hear the call and they can't hear me. As soon as the phone rings, I need to unplug the Echo before answering the call. I have to assume Amazon offered the Echo Auto to Alexa Super Users (I have more than 10 other Echo devices) so we could use them and they could track our usage to work out the glitches. If this is true, they haven't given us any extra support to help deal with these issues. So, by going under the mindset that I am Beta-testing this device, I am able to put up with all of its issues.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I guess if you know how to use Alexa, she probably does a good job but mine doesn't know me and if I have the app what's the point of using it in the car...?	3	December 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When it works I love it.  Between road noise and I assume other noise related to driving in a car Alexa responds 20-30% on the first command.  I need to say Alexa clear and loud, sometimes 2 or 3 times,  Then there is the Bluetooth delay between a command and actually hearing anything to the point where you are asking yourself ""did the command work or do I need to start over.  It was on sale and not worth the effort to return."	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I saw this I instantly wanted it, I needed a hands free bluetooth. It took me about 45 minutes to set it up but once I did it worked well. The connection to navigation was great, the sound is also great. When I ask it for nearby places or activities, it is amazing.However, the mic is not as great as advertised. I would have to turn the radio all the way down and call out to it multiple times. One day it was completing my commands as far as playing specific playlists and songs, and now I have to go to the app on my phone to play what I want to hear. When I try to make a call it defaults to a text app instead of my actual phone number. I tried to fix it but it continued. It doesn't read messages or notifications. It is a great product but it has fallen short compared to the other Alexa products.	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i am thrilled at the idea of an alexa device in my car other than my phone.  initially it seemed redundant, but as it is free-standing, i don't need to even touch my phone to activate alexa.the difficulty comes in when echo auto has maybe a 60% accuracy record with what i am asking for.  my alexa in the house works great, though as far as information (versus music) i prefer that other service, it seems to know just about everything.but something about being in the car, the echo auto often has trouble connecting to my phone for no apparent reason, and whenever it does start up there's some... buffering?  do things still buffer?  basically the sound comes in and out for about 7 seconds before it picks up.if you have the echo auto i recommend signing up for the amazon music service.  this makes echo auto pretty much a jukebox.  without it, not sure what the best function would be.  chances are, if you're interested in having echo auto, you already have android auto, which opens up other doors.	2	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon has changed their music functionality and rendered Echo Auto useless!!! You can't play specfic songs anymore. You can't skip which is ridiculous as there are no commercials. Now it works just like Spotify...might as well use Android Auto and enjoy Spotify. I bought 2 of these with an assumption of usability....now they're useless. Time to trash all Alexa devices and go with Google.	1	November 11, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It has all the alexa capabilities and so far I have found it better than inbuilt Or Siri.Only drawback is that it sends a notification for maps to mobile and you need to manually click to start the navigation which is annoying. Not sure if Google or apple will ever allow it to automatically select destinations on android auto or apple car play.	3	October 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really want to love this product as my Truck doesn't have bluetooth built in, but compared to other bluetooth devices that plug into my Aux port...the echo auto has to be one of the worse.Let me explain.  Setup took a while, which was annoying and it actually just connected on it's own after I tried multiple times to follow the instructions.  Next, if I ever have to disconnect it (which I do all the time because I park outside) it doesn't always reconnect.  I have to leave it unplugged for 15+ minutes before it decides to connect again.  No it's not my phone.  I have a Note 9 and every bluetooth device I own and tried works and stays connected outside the echo auto.  I hope they can update the device somehow, because there is no point in having this in my truck if I can't use it for half or more of my daily commute.	3	November 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	IT do not hold the settins wans you turn off the  unit and start again, it donot hold previous settings.	3	February 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I should have assumed it wouldn’t connect without the cord for my 2015 Dart. Although it wasn’t listed other Dodge vehicles of that year were. It’s an EXTREMELY short auxiliary cord that comes with the device. Just barely able to reach into my center console. It looks like I’m running a tight rope from there to my dash board. It’s that short. Anyway, it did recognize my voice well even with the radio turned up loud. It functioned as described and would have been 5 stars had it informed me it wouldn’t work in the beginning. I’m going to return it and stick with my SirusXM for now...or until I get rid of this 2015 Dart.	3	December 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the concept and it does work great for music and outgoing calls.  It also does a satisfactory job with navigation.  It was real easy to setup.  Once you set it up whenever you start your car it automatically connects as long as you have your phone.  I have unlimited data on my cellphone plan so I don’t worry about using data with this product.  If you do not have unlimited data make sure you not breaking the bank.  The one glaring problem is that you can not answer incoming calls unless it is an Alexa to Alexa call.  If someone is calling from a cell or landline you can not have echo answer it.  If they can fix this then the echo auto would get a five star review from me.  As it is I have to hook up the external Bluetooth I had previously to answer the calls.  I just hope they can be both connected.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This Echo Auto is really my first experience with Alexa, so I don't have a long history to compare it with. Frankly, I'm disappointed. Maybe my expectations were out of order, but there it is.Difficulty boils down to a couple things.Me: ""Alexa call [literally anyone on my contacts list]""Alexa: ""Do you want to call [myself]?""Me: ""No, call [whoever]""Alexa ""Do you want to call [myself]?""Grrrr.....And the other thing is this - I have SiriusXM radio in my car, but I don't have the Sirius app on my phone - so when I tell Alexa to play whatever channel, it fails. It took me a bit to figure out that it was looking for an app instead of the actual radio. I figured that since it was going through the radio, it would be able to do that, but no.So it really gets a big ""meh"" from me.  My insurance company sponsored this, apparently they think that more hands-free controls will make driving safer - but to me, it's just more annoying, and even after a period of time for getting used to it, the Echo is still more of a distraction than just using manual controls."	2	May 19, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bluetooth is no that good and people sometimes don’t hear me on calls	2	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Was not able to use this device with bluetooth on stereoHave to hook to aux input thus disabling my siruis xm subscriptionDoes not interface like Waze app does to temporary override music audio to inform  then back to musicMy phone texts also do this  ..I though this device would also have this same new technologyAlso while in standalone aux input  i have to put stereo on full volume  just to barely hrar the reply  ...then i have to remember to lower stereo when changing back to music source  as not to blow out my speakers	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was extremely difficult to set up.  It involves rebooting your phone and the device several times until it finally decides to work.  And it won't play music unless your phone has a data connection.  It will not play purchased music that is already downloaded to your device.  I have not been able to make phone calls thru alexa in my car as of this writing.  I was hoping to use it mainly as a hands-free music player for my car, but it only works about 70 percent of the time.  I got it on sale. If I had paid full price for this device,  I would have returned it already.	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall, I use it during my daily commute and it's 75% reliable in the roughly 4-5 months I believe I've had it. I'm able to use it in conjunction with multiple apps on my phone running like Waze, Spotify as well as my Samsung Galaxy Smart Watch fully functioning.My only consistent issues arise when I go through a coverage dead zone. I'll have a 5 minute segment end in the middle of this dead zone and then the Echo Auto will fail to acknowledge voice commands properly after I've gotten coverage again. Essentially, the first tone and blue light trigger and then the acknowledgement tone will fail. The only way to remedy this is to do a hard reset on the unit and hope for the best (sometimes the hard reset itself doesn't work).To clarify, if I have something playing that covers the length of my transit through a dead zone, it's perfectly fine and responds like normal.	3	November 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Will sometimes be connected so far away its crazy, but that only when the car is off and you don't want it connected. Isn't able to detect when the car is on or off, so it will never disconnect when leavening the car. So you either have to walk outside the range to have it disconnect or turn off Bluetooth and turn it back on hoping it wont reconnect to a not turned on car.	3	September 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not exactly sure what the point of this device is.  I have a work cell phone that locks out virtually all external apps, including the Alexa app.  I was hoping to set this up so I could use the phone hotspot to run Alexa Auto, but it appears to require a phone with the Alexa app to set up and then be used.I may try to plug my  old Echo Dot into the USB and see if I can connect it to my car's bluetooth.  If I can do that, then I can just use my phone's hotspot for the internet.  I'm going to have to return the Echo Auto.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not very useful when you have an iPhone or navigation on your car. We have Alexa in our home , this item is just an extension in my opinion.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Alexa apps in my home and was anxious to use it in my car.  Currently the Auto Alexa works about 75% of the time.  I find myself having to stop the car after travelling a few blocks from my starting point, turn off the car, turn on the car, and wait for it to recognize this device.  Sometimes it claims it cannot find a signal and asks to return later.  Sometimes, it stays hooked to the signal received at the destination, and must be a distance away from that signal before reconnecting and restarting.	3	April 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I picked this up on the half price offer before it was released and when it finally arrived I hooked it up without issue.And then I discovered it was actually less than useless because it's gonna get me a ticket for using it... let me explain, when I call it into action it hears me ok, it interacts with my phone that is also bluetoothed into the head unitIt puts the music (coming from my phone) on pause and then attempts to do whatever I ask (however 90% of the time it tells me it cant do that ) but then when its done I cant get the music to start again, no matter what I say it says it cant make the music start up again.. it managed to pause it so it sure as hell can start it again.To make it even worse, my stereo is in pause so I can simply hit the play button on the head unit right? WRONG it has apparently taken ownership of all the buttons and none work...hitting play does nothing...so the ONLY way I can get the music going is to pick up the phone... unlock it...and hit play. (You can get a stupid expensive ticket around here for just having the phone in your hand while driving even while at a red light)  In contrast on the echos I have at home I can simply tell it to play or pause the music and it does it without issue.So... I can use it to (most likely) not be able to do as I ask, and then never listen to music again on that drive until I pull over and start it manually... and thats kinda the opposite of a ""voice assistant""100% a waste of $$$$$$"	1	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to love this Alexa Auto. I love my Alexa integrated gadgets in my house and I wanted to love this Alexa Auto just as much, but sadly, it has too many kinks as of right now. I drive for Uber, Uber Eats, and Lyft. Needless to say, I spend a lot of time in my car.I have a 2014 Kia Soul. I hooked up the Alexa Auto using the wireless setting because I have blue-tooth capabilities in my car. Essentially the only wire I have connected to it is the power cord. I keep the Amazon Alexa app open and running the whole time I use Alexa Auto. Many times I ask it to play my music and it says ok, but then nothing happens. I repeat the request and again, nothing happens. It does work on occasion, but I would say less than 50% of the time.Also, when I do get the music running, if I use the skip ahead function either within the app or on my own car stereo, it will quit working again. I then ask it to play something, it say ""OK"" through my speakers, but then nothing happens.I have troubleshooted this, unplugged everything, reinstalled everything, and still it works maybe 40% of the time. Maybe the next generation will be better."	2	March 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This was easy to set up and is very easy to use.*** UPDATE *** This worked GREAT for a few months, but lately it's been very jiggy. Now, every time I get into my car, the device has to ""try"" to reconnect to my phone. Most times it doesn't unless I reboot both the echo and my phone. At one point even that wouldn't reconnect them, so I deleted the device from my Alexa app and reinstalled it. This seemed to work for about a week and now it's doing what it did before - not connecting. I looked for updates to see if that would correct the issues, but haven't found any."	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Come to find out, you have to go through the effort of having the Alexa app running on your phone each and every time before the hardware device will work.So instead of just turning on your car, waiting for the device to chime and then talking to Alexa, you have to stop and ensure that the app is also running on your phone.  If I'm going to tap into the folder and then tap to launch the Alexa app, what do I need the hardware device for?  Once launched, my phone can simply listen for my ""Hey Alexa"" commands, right?  And even when I launch the app, I've sometimes got an error where the Alexa app cannot communicate with the car.  (But the Bluetooth connection is established!)  ARGH!So the device seems redundant and is actually more frustrating than anything because it doesn't work most of the time.  I wish it was easy and I wish it consistently worked.  The few times I could use it, the audio was fine and Alexa heard everything I asked of her.I wish I would have kept the box so I could return it.  Not for me.  Buyer beware."	2	July 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Im a huge fan of Alexa in the home, I was an early adopter of the original and have added 4 more Dots to different rooms and my vacation home.The Auto version left me with a very poor perception.  It didnt integrate very well with my Bluetooth, in fact, Siri runs circles around it.  It didnt respond to texts and whenever I leave the car, it disconnects from the phone (which is expected) but when I return, it wont auto connect.  This is probably because my outlet has continuous 12v power on it, and doesnt turn off when the engine isnt running so Alexa Auto never power cycles.  It plays my Amazon music and iHeart but doesnt display the song being played on my radio screen like Siri does when I connect my phone directly to the iHeart app.  It frequently cant tell me weather because it cant connect or tells me that it doesnt know my location.  Pretty much useless at this point.Needs a lot of work still.  Im taking it out of my truck for now and will try again in a year to see if there have been improvements  And BTW, not cool to force us to buy the air vent adapter.  The adapter didnt work in my truck and Im stuck with a $15 accessory I cant use.  And my second Alexa auto didnt come with the flat mounting so I cant use it in that car at all (I got invitations for 2 purchases within 2 days so thats why I have the second one - probably a poor decision on my part but I was expecting a whole lot more from Amazon).  My wife told me to get that thing out of the car, and she is a fan of Home Alexa.	1	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What I liked:1. Good quality construction, small size, lightweight, wake word sensitivity, aux connectivity2. Built-in speaker for initial setup or testing without vehicle radio present, LED light similarities with Alexa devicesWhat I did not like:1. Unreliable connections between Echo Auto, iPhone 6S, Sylvania SBT1100 transmitter, & Tacoma radio. Cause not always Echo Auto. Solution appears to be leaving radio on, so transmitter connects first to radio on power-up, then phone connects to transmitter followed by Echo Auto connecting to phone.2. Could not get Alexa Calling and Messaging to work reliably.  Very difficult to troubleshoot. Game changer for me.3. In general, poor iPhone app integration.  Default map app worked initially for location/directions call-out, then stopped working. Due to competition, Apple may be blocking integration.4. Bandwidth usage limitation results in noticeably bad audio quality compared to using iPhone app directly (e,g, Spotify, Pandora).  Could not locate a setting in Alexa app to increase bandwidth usage.5. No difference in performance observed with Alexa app open, in background or closed, so not sure if the app is supposed to be used at the same time queries are made.  Passenger prompt in app is annoying.6. Other than wake word prompting, not sure what features were gained over using the Alexa app with action button.7. Despite having an 8 microphone array, carefully enunciated audio commands were not heard correctly when managing calendar events.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I connected this but for whatever reason, it's not working ...	2	August 11, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"On the surface, Echo auto seeks to act as a hands-free hub for multiple services while driving.  Unfortunately, it doesn't really come through, mostly due to the very poor functionality of the alexa app.  The Echo auto, through the alexa app, only has limited interfacing with other apps, including Amazon music, which I find very difficult to comprehend.  For example, if I say ""Alexa call Bob"", Alexa will call Bob, but if I say ""Alexa, hang up,"" Alexa responds, this must be done from your device.  Not exactly hands free.  Another example, if you open the music app and say play my soundtrack, it will play the playlist my soundtrack (made from your listening habits).  If you do this from Amazon auto, it plays something different as though it does not interface with my Amazon music account (it doesn't have the same functionality as the music app).  Simply put, the Echo auto/alexa app is functional, but not nearly as functional as it could be and is less functional than say basic google or Siri on a phone."	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"While the Echo Auto has some nice features it is seriously lacking in volume intensity and navigation.  The cars stereo volume has to be set very high to hear music played through the Echo, and then if you switch to another music source you practically blow your eardrums out if you do not remember to lower the stereo volume first.The navigation leaves a lot to be desired also.  You cannot ask the Echo for a destination and expect to get verbal instructions, you have to activate the app in your cell phone after asking for directions, also 95% of the time when I ask for directions she cannot figure out where I want to go and 95% of the time a voice says, words to the effect,  ""it appears you are not navigating at this time"", and this is when I am on the move.  This thing needs some serious updates.  I use a Samsung s10e phone."	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have two of these in two different cars.  Same issues in both.  Has a really hard time connecting to our phones, even though is it set up correctly, and occasionally connects and works as it should.  Once we finally get it connected, it'll frequently drop it's connection with the phone.  Music just stops playing in the middle of a song.  Alexa's blue light will just stay lit solid, frozen in place and it doesn't respond.  Great when it's actually working properly, which is less than half the time.  Toggling the phone's bluetooth on and off and over and over again will sometimes get it going.  Other times, power cycling the Alexa Auto multiple times will work to reconnect it.  I haven't found the magic combo yet if there is one.  Overall, I've gotten more frustration out of this device than joy.  Wish I could send them back, but as they were Christmas presents, by the time we got them installed, started using them for a bit, worked to troubleshoot, we are now out of the return window.  At least we got the sale price, because as full price, I'd advise anyone looking at these to stay away from this product.	1	February 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the beta testers with echo auto so I am very familiar with how it works and have been using mine since they first came out. My echo auto works perfectly and I stream Amazon music on it everyday but when I stream apple music on it the songs stutter and skip as many others have talked about on forums. This totally eliminates any problem with echo as it works perfectly for everything else but not apple music. Some same this is deliberate sabotage due to apple being a major competitor.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I've had a 1st gen Dot in my car for quite a few years, just connect to a mobile hot spot on my phone and go.  When the invite for this came up, I had decent hopes but ended up going back to my Dot within two weeks.  There are some glaring problems with this, specifically the App has a few problems and it fails miserably if you have more that one driver that wants to use it.The Good:  It's small.  Fits better if you don't want a hockey puck sitting on your center console.  That's really about it.The Bad:  First, the App.  It's frustrating to pair and then doesn't work until at least 2 reboots.  After that, it seems to connect fine each time, at least until the App crashes.  I've never noticed it before because I've never had to keep the App running full time (which also sucks battery), but the App will crash randomly, requiring me to start it again, which is dangerous while driving.  I tried on three different phones (OnePlus 6T, Pixel 2, iPhone XS) and the results were the same, just sometimes stops working.Second, you simply cannot have it linked with more than one phone / App.  It requires you to disconnect in the App on one phone and reconnect to another each time, with the above failures included.  It's almost as if Amazon doesn't think more than one person drives each car.Short version, just get a Dot, they are cheaper anyways.  Setup a mobile hot spot and connect to it.  If you have more than one driver, use the same wireless SSID and password on both phones.  Yes it's an extra step to turn on and off the hot spot, but at least it's reliable.	1	October 22, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So you can't hang up a call when you're using it because it loses connectivity to data when you're on the phone- that's a pain-- so you either have to dig your phone out or hope the other person hangs up.  Other than that I really like it.We have Echo's in every room along with tons of smart gadgets.  I get so used to saying ""Alexa..."" that I have stupidly said it in the car *Before I had the device*  So at least now I have something that will respond.NOT a fan of the vent clip- it gets knocked off all the time..  I wish there was a suction cup mount.If the programmers figure out a way to make it actually hang up, I would say I am head over heels in love- but that's a HUGE design flaw in my opinion and I hope it is remedied."	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this would be pretty nice, unfortunately, I missed a step on initial setup, and it doesn’t really seem to be all that forgiving in that respect. Honestly, it is most likely me. However, I bought it for convenience, and curiosity, so I’m not complaining, just trying to be honest. Since it was for convenience, I haven’t got back to it. I’ll update the review when I get around to finally setting it up	3	September 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got one from signing up for early adopter access. There are a lot of issues with this product. I am not sure that the engineers really studied what people would want.* I really don't want to be running more cables all over the place. Can I have one that has a rechargeable battery?* The dependency of this device on your smartphone causes a whole lot of issues. Regularly my phone will start playing music over the top of Alexa and I have to pull over, fix it, then can continue driving again. Any device that gets in the way of me driving has a major problem with me.* I don't want to stick this thing on my dashboard with the wires coming out of it. I Would much rather have a smaller mic that I can put somewhere then have the box and all the wires in the glove box.  I tried it in the glove box - it works, but I have to yell loudly for it to hear me.* I would rather have the device use the wifi from my phone then require my phone to run the alexa app. Just make the device a standalone device that needs wifi - or at least make that an option.For now, it just sits in my glove box and haven't even considered using it for several months.	2	December 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had a lot of trouble when I first received it.  I originally gave it a 1 star review.  The app would freeze up during instillation and would not let me progress past a certain point.  Once set up it would work great for one trip, then it would disconnect and I would have to go through the difficult process of getting it to connect again.  I got frustrated and set up a return order.  Before returning it, I thought... let me try it one more time (because I really wanted it to work).  I don’t  know what happened, but it has now been working flawlessly for 3 days.  One important thing I did figure out is that the Alexa app has to be open on your connected phone in order for it to work.  I bumped it from 1 Star to 3.  If it continues to work I will definitely bump it up a little more.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Lucky i got this product for free through my car insurance with nationwide bc this thing is pointless. You have to have the Alexa app open in order to use it and on top of that you have to have it plugged in to a power source, when you could just simply use the Alexa app without the device.  If you want to enjoy the handsfree experience, I recommend doing what I do. I use the usb plug in for better sound quality (you can use BT if wanted) and use the amazon music app. Now u have option. U can simply control the music by phone, car stereo or leave the app open and call out to Alexa like u are wanting to (for handsfree) and tell her what u want. This is dumb.	3	June 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I paid only $15 for mine.  I am not an expert but it appears the device needs to connect with the Alexa app on my phone by Bluetooth and my phone needs to connect with my car audio system by Bluetooth  -- and the Alexa App on my phone (or on the device?) needs to connect by internet or by some cell phone data connection to a server that holds the database that Alexa uses to find information or music.  Often the device tells me it cannot find my phone and often it tells me it cannot connect to the internet.  Even when the connections are all made, the occasionally system will say it is going to play a requested song, but there is no sound.  So the device works occasionally.  For $15 a get to hear the news or music in my car sometimes.  So I got my money's worth I guess.	2	August 12, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Almost never recognized what I said and often powers down for some odd reason. Also really loud beep and delay when you say Alexa. I just threw it away after about 2 weeks.	2	July 14, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First off let’s start with the 3 star rating. This has nothing to do with the device itself, just the junk of a vent clip they give you to clip it to your vent. During beta testing they gave out a sticky pad with a magnetic base that work perfectly. Now they released it to everyone and the mount option is only a vent clip. This vent mount falls off non stop and is just junk. I bought a few anti skid mats to set the Alexa on that works good, but not as great as the mount they have during beta.Everything else is really good. I have noticed a few issues with connection when connected to my wife’s S-10 phone but now issues at all while connected to my iPhone XS. Works the same as any other Alexa speaker. I have purchased one for all my cars.	3	February 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that it mutes the radio to give directions. Same with an incoming phone call. But, when the phone call comes in, it might blow up your speakers. There doesn't seem to be any correlation between your radio volume and the call volume. Had issues setting up, but played around till I figured out what would work. Having my phone set to Bluetooth and linked to both my car and Alexa Auto did not get the sound to my radio. I had to add the single lead between the radio and the Alexa Auto. Then Alexa said that I didn't need that cord. But it wouldn't work without it. I don't like that when a message arrives, it just beeps. Why not state 'message arrived'. It just changes the color of the light on the Alexa to indicate something happened. And it beeps. You then have to guess what was received. Was it a notification? A message? ...	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No veo una diferencia notable en usar este producto o solo mi Teléfono inteligente dentro del auto.  Tiene un buen micrófono y lo puedo conectar por cable o Bluetooth a mi auto, pero en muchas ocaciones prefiero apagarlo y continuar solo con mi teléfono que es más simplez	3	November 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a great concept, but I had to put her on the back seat vents because there were too many wires in my way in the front with my phone mounted in it's usual location. This I have to shout for her to hear me.A longer cord and separate clip or suction would have made it more convenient to have on the dash, visor or window.The aux cables provided don't work with my car aux cables, it only plugs to my phone which is super inconvenient. I'd like to have my phone blutooth connected to my car, and have the Alexa using the aux connection so my car can still display/read text messages received. I can control the volume on my car, but find I have to use my phone volume to actually make it loud enough to hear.Overall it's a good concept but there are too many inconveniences to it that make it more of a hassel than a convenience.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When connected to the Alexa app it works good to Alexa’s capabilities. Using an iPhone, originally wouldn’t send text messages when I asked Alexa. But I could ask Siri and it worked! I also had to disconnect my phone from the Alexa app when I left my Yukon if I was going to be anywhere near my truck. The Bluetooth would keep connecting to Alexa. Once it kept connecting at a ballgame that I was at over 300 feet away!! That was annoying. So I have to disconnect every time I leave the truck. It also doesn’t auto reconnect when I turn Bluetooth back on when I get back in to drive. I have to go to the Alexa app and wait for it to ask if I am a passenger and touch that selection on my phone. Not a huge deal but something you forget about when you jump in to go somewhere quickly and have to do that while heading down the road.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was early adopter of Echo Auto via invitation which recently stopped powering on, so I purchased another. Maybe (hopefully)  it was a hardware flaw that has been fixed in later revisions. I am connecting with my phone using bluetooth for calls and the audio cable for music.90% of my use case for this device is being able to voice control streaming amazon music so I could get rid of my SiriusXM subscription. Device has decent integration with the Amazon ecosystem. One thing they need to fix is when internet connection is dropped or in dead zone, Alexa will beep as if command received, but then do nothing, which is infuriating. Alexa calls/text messaging is ok. Device meets the purpose I got it for, but there is room for improvement.	3	June 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works fine, but doesn't work with car play and android auto. Also can't use steering wheel controls to change songs etc.	2	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me start by saying I love Alexa LOL! I have an echo show along with three dots scattered throughout my house with everything I can connect to voice automation & I love it!!!But for the car, basically, if you have Siri, or another voice activated guidance system on your smart phone, and Bluetooth in your car, you don’t need this. I could see it being helpful for someone who doesn’t have either of the above, but for me it was redundant. I was looking forward to being able to ask Alexa to do things like open my Maps etc. but she couldn’t.Essentially I did not find enough features with Alexa in the car for it to be worth the time and effort. Again, redundant.	3	July 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like having an echo in the car, you can turn on lights and make announcements and drop in on your other devices with ease.. As long as the device can get connected and stay connected.. Randomly it will lose connection even when my pone has a good data connection. And when it does lose connection it will tell you sometimes and other times it will just act like it is listening and then never respond.Honestly if they were able to write a phone application that could hook into the OS properly and replace ""Okay Google"" or Siri or [insert whatever voice assistant you like] then there would be no use for this device.During the beta the device was only $24.99 and I think for that price this is a nice little device to have but I wouldn't pay more than that.Also this device cant hear you when you are driving in the rain."	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I bought the Echo Auto primarily, to use my phone's navigation as the navigation in my car is poor. Turns out the Echo Auto is worse. The instructions say...use the wake word and wait for the tone. Sometimes there is a tone, sometimes there is not. There is always a light. Sometimes she ""Gets directions"" sometimes not. The other day I had to go to an address. I asked Alexa to Get directions to 11234 ***** street, my city and state. She opened up my Google maps app and gave me directions. Afterward, I returned home only to have to go back to that same address. ""Sorry...I don't know that"" was the response. I tried every way I could think of to get Alexa to respond and she never did. I have been using navigation for 15 years, so I know the ins and outs of how to request directions. My phone uses Google maps via voice commands flawlessly, but Alexa fails to respond/understand 95% of the time. Maybe once per week will she work properly. I contacted Amazon and after a week or so, they responded saying they believe that Alexa's voice/street etc. library is not as good as it should be and that they might be able to update it in the future. Yikes, talk about a product not ready for release yet. I waited a long time for this product after getting my invitation to buy and boy am I disappointed. The bluetooth takes way too long to connect. Alexa is not ready to use until I am a half mile away from home. I prefer to get my navigation going before I start driving. So far the Echo Auto has been an exercise in frustration. Hopefully an update will cure it's ills. I have seven other Echo devices and the Auto is not in the same class."	1	October 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn't always do what u say	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Was not very happy with this . I was able to get this as a invite . Well at first it was real nice and perfect everything worked just fine would connect to my phone fast . Then after a couple days just didn’t want to connect anymore I kept trying to restart it but nothing so I gave up then tried a couple days later and it worked again. Then it said it couldn’t connect to my phone one more time after that . It’s just a bit frustrating I never have any problems with my tap and the music but with this device wouldn’t let me play the same music as my tap and I am paying for it each month to have it do not sure there . Anyways I hope they keep improving this cause it sounds like a real good idea to have with u in your car just not when it’s going to be giving u so much hassle when u got placed to be and can’t take 10-15 minutes trying to make it work . Also needs a more secure clip keeps falling off . She also takes just a lil while to get back to you after u ask her something so be patient not to long but it’s ok . So overall it needs more work for right now 2 starts please improve .	2	December 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the fact that I can listen to music via Alexa in my car or add something to one of the shopping lists. However, it isn’t always properly connected to my phone (even though my phone says it is) and it was difficult to set up on my 2011 Sienna and iPhone 6 (now iPhone 11). If it would always stay connected to the network and not have issues connecting to my phone I would give it at least 4 stars, but considering I regularly have to either unplug the device or restart the Alexa app I am only giving it 3 stars. Also, (maybe because I have an older Sienna?) it would be nice if it didn’t have to be plugged in to power AND the USB port, but then I am being picky! Overall it is super nice to have Alexa on the go!!!	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When this device works, I very much enjoy it. The voice recognition isn't perfect but it understands me for the most part. This is the second time I have purchased one of these devices. The first one became so buggy that I threw it away. I decided to give it another shot because like I stated previously, when it works it is very fun and useful. This worked well for quite a bit (a few months) but then it started getting buggy again. It states over and over again it has trouble connecting to my phone. I did everything in the instructions, unplugged it, deregistered and re-registered, but alas, it still just won't work appropriately. Their ""feedback and help"" section is completely useless; there is zero real support for any technical issues with this device. I am at a point where I am considering just dumping Amazon Music altogether and moving over to Google. Hope Amazon can get their stuff together and make the necessary improvements. So bottom line, buyer beware."	2	May 12, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Phone can have five bars of super fast 5G and Alexa works fine on phone, but Echo Auto disconnects too frequently. When it works, it works great. I have a Pixel 5, so it doesn't get any more stock Android than that. Can't blame it on the phone. This is all Amazon. Maybe they aren't committed to this platform anymore. It does not lose connection to my car because I'm using the AUX input, not Bluetooth. 2007 ES350 does not have Bluetooth audio, just phone.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My original review was a dismal single star because the unit wouldn't stay connected to my Verizon LTE, or even my mesh wifi when sitting in the driveway.I arranged for a return but was offered tech support, which resulted in my getting a replacement unit, which works fine.I notice others who have had problems with this device's losing its connection, which requires an annoying process of resetting up the device.My guess is that the problem may just be a defective unit.If you have problems, exchange your device for one that may actually work.By the way, I use this in my Tesla, which doesn't have a compatible air vent to hold the Echo Auto.  My workaround, which is actually a better option, is to use a rare earth magnet to attach the device to the area of the center console that's ""reads"" the Tesla key card.  The option is better not only because it always the device to be used in a Tesla, but also eliminates having a cord dangle down from the air vent to the USB charger in the console.Updated review: Although my original unit was defective, the substitute still doesn't maintain a connection to the internet.  It works fine when I'm in my garage and connected to my wi-fi, but much less when connected to my Verizon LTE network.  More often than not, when I give Alexa a command she tells me to ""try a bit later, because I've lost my connection.""I cannot recommend this product.Here's my update after a few additional months.I stand by my original, one star review.  It doesn't ""hold"" its connection, requiring a continuing need to re-pair through the Alexa app.The pairing process is not particularly easy."	1	November 22, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this to listen to Audible audio books during my commute and music. After 6 months it came apart. No idea what happened but the device itself is broken but I can still use it. I guess I would recommend it but be prepared..it's not very sturdy.	2	June 19, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Even with customer service helping it would not sync with phone thru the aux connection.. the app recognized it but wouldn’t connect!  I got it on sale so too much hassle to try for refund because I would have to buy again n then get refunded that after it was working according to rep!!  So lesson learned no car option for me..	1	November 3, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t know people... I JUST DONT. I have a ton of Echo products and this one I just don’t know. You know when you are at home and you say “Alexa, play Pandora” and it doesn’t hear you so “ALEXA! PLAAAAY PAAANNDOOORAA” and you’re slightly frustrated? Having that experience while driving is much more frustrating, borderline dangerous. I didn’t honestly give it a lot of time in my car to be fair. My car also already has some voice features, Bluetooth and I can plug my iPhone in to connect pandora. Now If your car has no Bluetooth? I’d say buy this hands down well worth the money just to be able to use your phone and music easily, plus the other features, if you want to use them. If your car is like mine, you already have Bluetooth and a couple other features? I just don’t know about that... not worth the additional cord and clutter.	3	November 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a good product once you figured out the setup. Some background about my credentials, I am an IT engineer with over 30 years experience and a doctoral degree in CS and EE, I was one of those signed up for the waiting list before the 1st get Echo was launched, I currently own about 16 smart speakers and displays including Amazon, Google and a couple of other brands. I struggled for a couple of days before the Echo Auto functions smoothly -- partly because I was expecting a plug and play consumer product, partly because it was not the most friendly design and the instruction was insufficient in case of trouble shooting. It randomly connected and disconnected during those couple of days. You basically need to setup your Alexa app to constantly run in the background on your phone -- once you've done that, it will be smooth sailing.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Most of the time this is great as a Bluetooth speaker for my car. Having an iPhone there is no headphone jack and my car isn’t Bluetooth so this is great.But as for the whole Alexa part... when she listens and plays what I want the sound quality is crystal clear and very loud even when my car volume is on 17(goes up to 35)But most of the time when I talk to her she says she is having trouble connecting. That is very disappointing so much so I decided To not get any for Christmas gifts which is unfortunate because I was really hoping to give out a few. I am an Alexa junkie anything with her in it and I must give it a try.So with this when it works it’s great. But most of the time it only works as a Bluetooth speaker.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to be selected to receive the auto echo earlier than when it went on general sale. I have a 2014 Nissan Armada with blue tooth phone but not radio. I connect through USB. After hours and multiple attempts to connect I was unsuccessful. I wound up giving the auto echo to my sister. It connected easily to her car. I asked for specific locations like “closest gas station” and it responded quickly. It played specific songs when asked. Response is a little slow at times. I tried to connect to my sisters iTunes songs but she had not connected that feature yet. During Pandora requests, the echo auto frequently did not respond to requested song selection but picked he first song listed. I asked my sister if this echo auto broke, would she get another one?, she said no. After my limited time with it, I would order it for my next car that has Bluetooth music connectivity.	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m still trying to get this to work, I have a new car so all the best blue tooth connections but it has to be re set up every time and I could never get it to work consistently on car speakers. It was great on speaker of my phone. Like it made the Alexa app work  hands free only through speaker on phone which is kind of annoying. When it worked on car speaker it was great.  I should have returned it but trying to find time to call support and see if it will work right but from the other reviews I doubt it. It’s a bummer because I love my Alexa, I think some of the people that rigged a echo dot in their car have had better success. Maybe Amazon is not very interested in making the auto work. We know they have the ability, but perhaps no desire.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Use it primarily for listening to music, scheduling calendar events, or adding to my lists. Frequently have to repeat myself or it totally misunderstands me. Also, depending where you are traveling, lose the music and it will say that it's lost contact with the internet. Probably not Alexa's fault but due to the lack of cell tower signals in various states that we travel through (hardly functioned in Oklahoma and northern Arizona but was Ok in Nebraska, New Mexico, and Iowa along the Interstate). I believe they need to add more buffer (if that's what you call it) to the unit to play longer in dead spots. The sound is good but probably depends on the quality of your car stereo system. Finally, as others have stated, I have had to reconnect the app multiple times and is especially annoying when you get in your car and want to go and have to spend time re-installing/ re-connecting it.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is definitely one of the worst products we have from the Amazon Alexa lines… we have Alexa’s all over in our house and love them so my husband thought this would be great, the idea is… but that’s about it. My reason is , you have to have the app open on your phone to even use. So when using the MAPS I have to close a screen and re open the Alexa app. At that point it’s not at all hands free. I have three kids, it needs to be hands free. I to be honest use my “hey Siri” a million times more and she does what I want then… and the Alexa auto spends 90% of the time trying to even connect, and when it does I can’t get it to do a thing! I just got it for a Mother’s Day gift, but my husband had gotten it for me just after Christmas time… and paid 50 + dollars for it! I wish I could get my money back.	1	May 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What I love about other Alexa products are their convenience for playing music, asking questions about the weather, setting alarms, etc. I got echo auto thinking it would function similarly: I'd be able to navigate to gas stations, unfamiliar locations, play music, all hands-free and by extension do these things safely while driving.Instead echo auto is inconvenient and unreliable. In order to do anything you have to open the alexa app on your phone before driving - it won't open it itself so if you forget its usless. In order to play music on spotify you have to have already opened the app before you start driving (although this problem does not also occur with amazon music which I find suspicious). Same to navigate with google maps you have to open it before driving. Which means you have to know what apps you are going to use when you start driving. Additionally, in order to get navigation instructions you have to let the Alexa app ALWAYS use your location instead of just when using the app (which makes no sense of course). This is all further aggravated by the inaccuracies of the device which unlike other echo products is slow to respond, and frequently misunderstands me.It works (barely) but it is a highly unsatisfying product that I would not recommend.	2	January 20, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is a cool I just to have , it changes the music tells you traffic reports if needed,, and the weather (heat index) . My only (Only) complaint is that I have to plug it into my radio.. that audio jack is only in older radios - I drive cab and so I’m in different cabs throughout the week. Maybe a option to radio jacks? Not sure - but all in all a solid 9/10 for 👍	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted this because my car bluetooth unit doesn't seem to like to call certain of my friends... it won't recognize their names over and over.  I had hoped this would be the fix since I use my home echos consistently.  I have tried multiple times to connect and use without luck.  I have tried at least 4 times and while I'm not a techie, I regularly install and use my tech devices.  It seems to connect and then later says it has lost the phone connection.  Maybe it is the phone.  So, when I get a new phone, I will update this review with, hopefully, a better one.  In the meantime, I'm taking it out of the car to sit uselessly on a shelf.	3	June 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	EDIT: I hate to say this because I loved this product when my husband first installed it in the car, but it stopped working within three months. No joke, it just stopped working. Note, I used to remove it after I turned off my car so that someone wouldn't get any ideas and try to break into my car and rip it off. I live in a not-so-nice apartment complex, so leaving it in there was not an option. That said, this Echo product shouldn't have just died like that so quickly, especially considering the coldest it ever got was about 60 F degrees in the car. So sad though. It was nice while it worked.--------------------I didn’t think I would like this as much as I do, but it is fantastic! I have used it for whether, travel (road traffic), shopping, and music. I love this echo!!!	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto hasn’t really added to my enjoyment of my car.  It’s difficult to install in an inconspicuous way - the USB cable positioning guarantees it will always be dangling somewhere.  And once it’s set up, the tasks I was most hoping it could help with - like sending messages while driving - don’t work on my iPhone.  I also find that unlike at home, the voice recognition doesn’t work well over top of my music that’s playing in the car, so it isn’t very reliable even for the limited tasks it can perform.The idea of an integrated voice assistant in my vehicle is one I’m still excited about, but this product isn’t there yet.  It needs significantly more integration with both the car and the phone, unfortunately, meaning Siri or Google Assistant are far more likely to get there first...	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i really wanted this to work in the car, but it failed. there are two things that this echo does better than any other echo. 1. it has the microphone array to hear you over road noise. 2. it starts up really fast. everything else needs work. this device, unlike other echoes, is tethered to your phone through bluetooth for its data connection. and it frequently drops its connection to my phone. i wish that amazon would have design this device to connect directly to  a wifi source directly instead. i use a dedicated hotspot in my car and so it would not have been an issue. you could also turn on the hotspot feature on your phone and set it up to connect that way. basically, i wanted a home-based echo with better microphones and fast start up. this echo auto is not it.	3	February 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This works most of the time on my Google Pixel XL 2 phone and my Alpine aftermarket car stereo. It generally can recognize speech pretty well, and can follow most commands just like my echo at home. The only issue, and it is a fairly significant one, is sometimes it does not respond through the car stereo. I can see the blue light noting it is responding, and I'm sure it's giving an answer, it just doesn't come through on my car stereo. When I open the Alexa app and do the sound test then it works fine. And many other times it also works fine. But randomly, it doesn't. With so many different car stereos, car stereo models, and phones, admittedly it will be tough to make a product that works with all of them. And to be fair, I do have issues with my car stereo and Bluetooth occasionally without the Alexa. It is an older model car stereo.	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had received one for the initial beta period they did a year or two ago. I used it for a couple of months but eventually just lost interest in it and removed it from my car. If you already have a vehicle with voice controlled activation for phones calls, etc. It is not very useful. Connectivity was very bad most of the time. It would lose Bluetooth connectivity constantly while driving. Sound quality and recognition was ok. But again, I didn't really see much practical use with it. I'm completely content with our Alexa home device in the living room for light control, questions, playing music, etc.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Returned. Prefer small Bluetooth plug in adapter that is rechargeable and uses a small metal 3.5mm adapter instead of Alexa auto using 2 long messy wires for aux input and power (rechargeable battery would eliminate one wire).Alexa wouldn’t work unless you open the Alexa app every time getting into the car (even though it is already running in the background).Thought to keep it to use as a portable Alexa (connect one wire to external battery pack and other wire to portable speaker) - but I can do the same without it just using my phone since I have to use my phone anyway to connect to Alexa through the app. Without using my phone this portable way of use is without function.I see the potential in this, and the microphone works really well to hear and interpret, but the wires/battery/Alexa app via phone makes this an expensive and useless extension of your phone instead of an addition.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So, Alexa Auto. When it was originally released I was very excited for the possibility of having an Echo in my car. I was an early adopter and got the original echo, and have placed echos all throughout my house. The convienence of the echo was sorely missing in my car.I was excited when I got my email saying I was selected to  be allowed to buy an echo auto. I was excited. I placed my order right away.  It came and I went to set it up.. Only to find out that the bluetooth connectivity was incompatible with my car.  I forged ahead and tried it anyway, and had limited success.  The audio was scratchy, and queries would constantly get cut off. That said, I know that this was an ""off road"" use because for some reason my car was not supported.Then I tried it with the Aux Cable.  This meant that unless I only used the echo for listening to the radio or anything, I'd be sitting in silence.  It didn't work.I missed the freedom of being able to do whatever, and just say ""Alexa"", and have it work.  I eventually unplugged the unit and have not used it since.Your experience may be different. But check to make sure that your car is compatible, otherwise It's definately not worth it."	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	At this point I’d say the echo auto is a novelty and doesn’t have the same power and convenience of their home versions.In my vehicle it took numerous attempts to connect, and then lost its connection and had to be reset and connected again.Once connected, it works great once it’s hooked up to Bluetooth but does not have the ability to switch back and forth off of Bluetooth. For example, while driving while listening to the radio I’ll say “Alexa” and it will switch to Bluetooth and function, but then will just leave me in silence and will not switch back to my radio. For a car version this inability to switch back and forth on its own is a serious negative.If I plan to only use Bluetooth only in my car then it’s fine. But if I want to listen to the radio then I’m better off forgetting Alexa is there.	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this on sale at Best Buy thinking this would be nice to use when I drive on a trip or the drive to our lake home etc. It is really slow at intergrating with cellphone and the cellphone must be in a spot where it can get a good signal from it. Also when you ask Alexa something it seems to really lag and only about half of what she says comes over the car speaker. Plays music just fine and sounds great running through my car radio and speakers.The mount for it that comes in the box is absolute junk. It is supposed to mount on your vent well it doesn't hold worth a darn. I put velcro on my dash and on the echo bottom and that way I can just pop it off when I want to store it.Would I buy another one.....nope. I have 2 echo dots and there are great and recognize my voice from 6 feet away. I am constantly yelling at this thing to do something and it just seems to sit there. I am tech savy and almost 74 but I know what I am doing.  Amazon better beef this up and nobody is going to buy anymore. I would not recommend it to anyone due to nature of the interaction of it not working well.BK	2	December 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this as a gift I wouldn't have bought it for myself since I have the app on my phone and can hook my phone up the same way. My phone stays connected fully as this thing has gone from being connected for calls and audio down to just calls and won't play my music on the device but from my phone . Its irritating and pretty much a waste of money as the app is free and your phone can connect to your stereo in your vehicle the same way and you have to have the app anyways with this device so pretty pointless	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is purely for convenience.  You can run the Alexa app on your phone and get similar functionality.  This just makes it so that you don't have to pull out your phone and launch the app.  The alexa functionality is fine, although it sometimes doesn't respond to the Alexa prompt.  I would be pretty happy with the device if it weren't for the poor call quality.  People on the other end of a call through the device can barely hear me.  You would think that a device with 6 microphones would provide excellent call quality, but that is not the case.  Due to this fact alone, I can't really use the device.  If I could disable the call features and use my other bluetooth speakerphone for that then I might still use it.  Past the return date, so I guess I am stuck with it.	3	December 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is well made and seems very durable.  The device is most useful for streaming music from the phone and turning the car into bluetooth if you don't have it.  But the quality and dependability are very lax...  I ask alexa to do things and many times I just get the little blue light and ding noise but nothing happens.  I can open my music app or xm app etc on my phone and stream to it pretty well most of the time, but when I actually ask the echo to play music from those apps somehow it is very less responsive or doesn't connect to the network very well?The car audio from phone is apparently awful by what my wife tells me.  She says it picks up way to much noise and I'm not sure if the mount being in a car vent makes part of that problem worse by picking up the AC noise, but she can here me better just using speakerphone on the phone then over this thing.For the $25 early order price it's not a bad device, but I would never pay $50 for it that's for sure!	2	July 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I waited in great anticipation for the release of Amazon’s Echo Auto. The ability to use Alexa in the car and execute tasks hands-free while driving was more than worth the price. I enjoy using Echo Auto, especially to play music in the car or ask for weather reports, but it’s not without issues. My main complaint is with the driving directions. Rather than giving you turn-by-turn voice directions, it simply opens a map on your phone. You still have to use Google Maos or some other service for GPS. The other problem I’ve experienced is difficulty getting the Echo Auto to connect in the car and stay connected. Some days it works, other days it won’t connect. Overall, Echo Auto is a promising new product that does bring some added convenience and enjoyment to driving. This is Version 1, and it’s still a work in progress. I’m sure future versions will be better.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does what a home Echo Dot does, but the sound fades out often in the middle of playing games and it often has trouble reconnecting to my phone. I don't know if it's losing connection, but it's annoying when the sound goes mute in the middle of a trivia question or whatever. It plays music fine, but I think it's because you are basically streaming from your phone at that point. It will load maps and directions to phone with voice commands.Update 12/23/19 - It's gotten worse...I don't even try anymore. It helped the time pass when traveling, but now I can't play any games because it keeps fading out (buffering I'm assuming). If you tell it to repeat, it will repeat, but who wants to keep doing that repeatedly? It's not my phone, because it streams music & phone calls fine to car's bluetooth. The Echo just can't keep up...maybe it needs more bandwidth that just isn't available when you are not connected to a good source like a home device is.? I was great when it worked, but it's pretty much garbage now. All I use it for now is to pick a station to stream music from using voice instead of having to look at my phone. Once it selects, it's just streaming directly from the phone, so I usually don't have any connection issues.	2	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was so excited for this product to come out - I was on the waiting list for almost a year. When I received my invite, I got one coming. I had visions of commanding my world while I drove. What I discovered was that this device over-complicated what my smartphone + the Alexa app already did. My car (2014 VW Touareg) did not do well with the latency between the wake word and the car stereo even after adjusting the settings - it made using the device very frustrating.  The cable configuration for the USB and optional AUX audio jack is cumbersome and I never found a good place to locate the device. I already had a vent clip for my phone so I couldn't use the provided mount. It just kind of sat on my dash and slid around when I turned abruptly. It booted up quickly though (when the car would start) and the microphone was in fact very accurate, but at the end of the day it didn't enhance my experience of having an Echo in my car.I once used an Echo Dot + hot spotted to my phone and it actually worked better. The Echo Auto is a ""middle"" device that you don't necessarily need. It's basically a BT microphone and ""wake-word"" listener. If my Alexa app worked with the wake word, it would do everything this device does."	2	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The cord keeper adhesive is weak and it popped off of the mount after a couple of days. Since my vehicle doesn't have Bluetooth connectivity and is old it is the ideal product for my car. Connects automatically to my phone when I get in and out which is nice and I don't have to mess with the hassle of an auxiliary cord in my phone. The device handles incoming phone calls with ease so that you can operate the vehicle hands-free.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s good once it connects. It took several try’s to finish the hook up right. Instructions are not clear	3	January 31, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice recognition while driving is excellent. The build quality is pretty good, but I feel that it is too large and having the cable routing be attached by an adhesive is a poor choice (in my car the adhesive melted and does not stay properly on).I do not see the purpose of this product when you can just use the phone to do the same thing (it does require a phone connection to the Alexa app on the phone). Granted, it does pickup the wake up word really well, but it seems like a bloated product if all it does is have a good mic (ie a dedicated hardware button that could be attached to a steering wheel or dash that would trigger Alexa on the phone would be a better option).I have Android auto and would much rather see a thoughtfully designed app on the phone for driving with Alexa.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Had very high hopes for this product. Liked the idea of adding Alexa to my car. Looked forward to using Spotify and home automation thru voice commands to my car. Had difficulty getting it to work in my car. Tech support was great and stayed in touch to work out issues. It had issues working wireless through Bluetooth, finally used hardwire to Aux jack and it worked most of the time. Had to power it by plugging into the cigarette power outlet and wound up wit two wires in the unit. It can be a tangled mess. Vent holder does not stay put. Wound up just laying in a tray area in the front of my console. It would occasionally not work after a phone call or just when starting up. Traded my car and now have Apple CarPlay built in. No longer using the Alexa Auto.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge fan of using Alexa and my entire apartment is smart controlled with Echo units. I was over the moon about the idea of an auto integration, even with the understanding it would be based on my data plan on my mobile. The unit has a ways to go when it comes to voice control. Currently my unit struggles with understanding commands and often doesn't respond at all. However I do love it as my car (2009 Honda Fit) does not have bluetooth integrated so this device has changed my driving just with the fact I have a bluetooth connected speaker for calls, music and map directions. It really has made a huge difference.I went with 3 stars because I do really like the unit, I just don't think it's quite living up to the other echo units in doing exactly what one might expect from Alexa.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Update: Within an hour of posting this review, I got a call from Amazon support to help me work through the issue and gather more information. We did not have success, but I'm thankful of the call. My comments regarding ""very little interest in fixing"" are misplaced and unfair to their team who is working hard to resolve this issue.I bought the device solely to play music without looking at phone, however, Alexa Auto isn’t able to play Spotify. Despite several complaints (see support pages), there is very little interest in fixing it any time soon.It will play (or force you to play) through amazon music - no matter what - which I don’t use due to limited selection, playlists etc...Easy-ish to setup if you are patient with Bluetooth and restart a lot, but it will connect.If you are buying to play music, it will not work."	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After almost a year on the waitlist, I finally got the opportunity to purchase the Echo Auto. I have six Echo and/or Alexa-enabled devices in my house that I use (and love) on a daily basis and was hoping to carry this function to my car. Sadly, this product is a huge disappointment. I mainly wanted this to play music services Amazon Music and SiriusXM and to complete basic tasks like adding things to a shopping /to do list, setting reminders, etc. The device hears me fine, it just doesn’t deliver. I’ll ask it to shuffle a playlist of mine, it will say “now shuffling XYZ playlist” and then won’t play a song. Or it will play the first song and then stop before playing a second song. Sometimes on the third request, it will shuffle my playlist, but I don’t dare ask it to skip a song. Doing so, stops the music 95% of the time and I’ll have to start the process all over. The Amazon Music app on my iPhone works flawlessly – you just have to leave it open on the screen. The main reason I wanted the Echo Auto was to have Waze displayed on my phone screen and not the Amazon Music app. Its mind boggling that the Echo Auto is so bad when all other Alexa devices are own are really good. This functions like it’s the first voice activated device created, not an extension of an already successful product. I got this for the intro price of $25 (including a mount). It’s so bad, that I tried to return it. It’s not even worth $25. Unfortunately, I missed the 30-day return window by a day, so I’m stuck with this thing. I’m hoping there will be some way for Amazon to update this device, because in its current state, it’s useless.	1	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like this product, but it DOES have some issues right now.  It seems like approximately half the time when I ask Alexa to play music or do anything she says “I’m sorry, I’ve having issues connecting to the network right now.  Please try again later” My home Alexa devices don’t do that.  Another issue I have is that Alexa can’t lock/unlock my Smart locks.  My home Alexa devices can do this with a voice code that I set so why can’t my car Alexa?  That was actually one reason I bought this product - I was hoping when I pulled into my driveway I could say “Alexa unlock my front door” and then I could carry my groceries in.  But, all in all, this is a nice product that has most of the Alexa features.	3	March 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Have finally figured out how to sync with my car.  Not even close to the ease of setting up in your car as it was setting up an Alexa dot in our home.  We have two.Have used the enclosed Instructions which come with the device - very little.  Little on youtube specific to my car.  Using provided electronic help - the usual frustrations using such avenue.  I'm old and need a person or a manual to help me step by step.  This is used in my car.  I can't drive and get questions answered.  Sitting in my driveway and setting this up and test it's abilities is frustrating and confusing.I hope with more work with it. I hope I can get up to speed with using more of the features other than tell me the time or the temperature.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My problems?  1. it doesn't always connect to my phone.  I have to have the app open, which I do not do by default.  Even if the app is open, it works about 75% of the time.  2. I have to use the AUX cable.  On my car, a GTI, that is in the center arm rest (stupid place for it).  So, I have cables draping down the dash for power, and over to my arm rest for sound...  3. With the AUX cable, I need it on volume 10 to match my other radio stations.  It doesn't seem to hold this setting, so I seem to be constantly working the volume on the stereo to see if it is connected and I cannot hear it, or if it isn't connected.  4. It was a nightmare to pair with my phone.  Once that was done, it is fine.So, if your car has bluetooth, you may be in luck.  If you do longer commutes, it may be worth it too - what is 2 minutes of setup for 2 hours of driving?  When it is working, it is awesome to have the news, all the songs of Amazon Music, to have your shopping lists right there.  For my car, for my situation?  It is a miss...	2	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a great product but I am not able to use it to it's full potential.  I'm not able to keep it plugged into the USB all the time so it takes longer to set it up every time I get in my car.  There are also many wires that make me flustered.  One for the USB for the echo, another for the AUX chord for the echo auto to hook up to the car stereo, and then if I need to charge my phone, that's another.  This may be a me problem, but it's more of a hassle than a convenience.	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Voice recognition is good, Bluetooth connectivity issues all the time	3	February 22, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Within one week of finally getting an Echo Auto and putting it into my truck - my truck battery died and had to be replaced.  I don't KNOW that the echo caused that - could be entirely coincidence but you have to wonder.Other problems: In my 2014 Ram 1500 truck, to use the Echo Auto, you have to wait awhile after starting up for everything to sync, I guess.  Then I have to switch the console display from radio over to ""media"" to hear the Echo's responses.  Sometimes, I had to hit the PLAY triangle there to make the Echo's response start playing through the truck speakers.  Then, when it did play, I had to turn the volume up as high as it would go - but then if I wanted to switch back to listening to the radio -  the Ram would not allow me to adjust the volume UNTIL the radio was playing and therefore BLARING.  This was jarring to say the least.The Echo would not always respond - or sometimes the audio of the response would sputter, cutting in and out, then finally clear up mid-sentence.  Like if I asked what was the temperature, it would start actually broadcasting intelligible audio AFTER the beginning part where it tells you the current temperature.  Often the audio was spotty/garbled.  I had to hard-reboot it at least once after just a couple of days because it had stopped responding (lights not even coming on).Sure, I only paid $25 for it, but given how much we have come to absolutely DEPEND on our home-based Echos - this experience was extremely disappointing.  We REALLY wanted to like this - but bottom line is, we do not.  It is NOT ready for ""prime time""."	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto is good for people with older cars who don’t have Apple play, etc installed in their car. I don’t have to pay to have satellite radio installed in my car.  I can ash Alexa to play my favorite music. I have yet to figure out how to get my podcasts enabled on the device or how to play my favorite station.  It is still a learning curve for me. Trying to figure it out.	3	August 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to install the Echo Auto, but it was trouble form the start. The echo was slow to respond, and the sound quality was so poor I could barely hear it, despite turning up the volume. So, you keep the volume way UP to hear distorted Echo Auto, so when the normal radio is on, or you receive a call through the Bluetooth, you have blasted ear drums. Strike 1. Next problem, inconsistent connections.  It is going off your cell service of course, but if you live in areas with sketchy cell service, it's a no go.  However, I was right next to a cell tower and it still would not connect (poor receiver?, I was able to use my cell browser with no problem) I don't know but strike 2. Finally, many cars, mine included (a 2019), do not allow more than one blue tooth connection at the same time. Imagine if both you and your SO have phones connected through the stereo at the same time, both talking on the phone, etc.- it doesn't work.  So to make Echo work I have to disconnect my phone and music. Unless you use Echo non-stop in the car, it doesn't interface very well. Turn it on, turn it off. I tried using the AUX cord, but with the cell phone charger cord, the Echo charging cord and now the AUX cord, it was a pile of junk swinging all over the dash. A distracting hazard and an open invitation to thieves that you have easy to steal electronics on board. No thanks, strike 3. I wanted something simple so I could say, Echo, add...to my shopping list, I didn't expect full functionality like at home, but I expected more than this. So, I sent it back. Hopefully they work some of the kinks out.	1	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received this as a gift.  Since we use 3 echos in our home, my wife thought I would enjoy using it in my truck.  I got it installed easily enough, my 2017 Ford came with Sync 3, which connects to my iphone, and honestly, works more seamlessly than the echo.  To use the echo, I had to change the input on the radio to blue tooth, whereas with Sync 3, I could ""talk"" to Siri on my Iphone without having to change the radio.  The Echo was just more cumbersome, and didn't really add anything.  I gave it to my son to try in his older Dodge pickup.  He had trouble with it not staying connected, and it often wouldn't respond when he tried to use it.  He still has it installed, but doesn't really use it."	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Mine is connected to my stereo thru aux cable, but Bluetooth between the devices is frustratingly unreliable. Annoying.	3	January 23, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I own 2 Echo Shows, 2 dots and 1 echo 3rd generation. I saw that it was compatible with my car.  Thought it would be connected and done, like all the others have been. To be honest I haven't spent a lot of time trouble shooting.  Need to do that. I hope it will work like the others. She is a very much apart of our daily lives. It was irreplaceable when my aunt, that I cared for, that the best way to be in touch when I was away from the house. She didn't need to look for a phone handset, struggle with the talk button, etc. I didn't worry about being away from home with our ""housemate "" Alexa , ready at a seconds notice."	3	June 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	En general me gustó. Solo veo que tiene algunos problemas para conectarse esporádicamente. En ocasiones tengo que desconectar de la fuente de energía. Luego conectar de nuevo. Es entonces que funciona de forma normal.	3	November 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I signed up many months ago for the Echo Auto, and so received a discounted price on the smart speaker and mounting device when it first came out. I received it in early September.The Echo Auto seems to work as advertised. However, it is a cell-data hog, and so I have not used it except to determine that it consumed 17 MB to play Question of the Day on a 15-minute car ride, and 13 MB from just being turned on during an 11-minute car ride.As shown in the photo, the Echo Auto partially blocks the central dashboard display in my Prius, and its cord drapes in front of the console screen. There is just enough room for my iPhone 6S (also vent mounted) to sit next to it; if I had a larger phone, I probably could not use both at the same time.	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was so excited for this product to become available, as I preorded it a while back.... Installation was pretty easy.The device itself is nice and compact which is greatly appreciated. And when it works, it works well, with the operative word being ""when"". More than 70 percent of the time it disconnects from bluetooth and stops working which is EXTREMELY frustrating! It goes in and out more times than I can count on a short ride, even to just the grocery store. I love the concept but am no happy with it's performance. There are other bluetooth Alexa auto devices on the market. We have one in our other car without as many disconnections. This one, being from Amazon itself SHOULD out perform them all....but sad to say, this is not that case.**Please note, my car is only a couple of years old and has all the high tech bells and whistles one would want."	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a useless product, but could be the start of a good device.  The only two purposes it serves is a better voice recognition than having my phone Alexa app open and able to have the Alexa app work in the background.Should have read some of the other reviews before my purchase. Would have saved me time and frustration.I wish it would work without having to connect to my cars audio system so I can listen to the radio and use the device at the same time. I don't want to stream the radio station when I can just tune into it. If the song recognition at least worked, it wouldn't be so bad but when I asked Alexa what song was playing it would only tell me the radio station name.Beside that, it works as expected. It is nice to have Alexa always working but the cons outweigh any novelty benefit it offers.	2	June 21, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I stopped  Xmas radio for this. Had it for a few months now won't connect. Luckily only paid under $20. Love all the other products.	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this mainly because my Bluetooth dosnt work in my car so this was my way around it. I was excited that I could use the Alexa features as well cause I have horrible adhd and putting stuff on my list for shopping immediately was very appealing so I wouldn’t forget but I have had the thing for a good couple weeks now and have had 2 out of 50 times trying to use it that it actually recognized my voice, even when I had no music blasting or much noice at all	3	April 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Alexa auto is a bit of a over-glorified Bluetooth receiver for your car.Pro's :You can answer and make phone calls via voice fairly well.The mic on the alexa auto picks up your voice way better than a phone.Con's:If you have a car that does not already have Bluetooth, this thing will drive you nuts trying to get the initial settings right so you can hear it though your car stereo.You have to have alexa app on in the background or this thing flat up doesn't connect.If you have more than one person driving your car on a regular basis, and both your phones try to connect they will conflict until out of range.Driving notifications are really annoying. Seriously I don't need the warning each time I connect to my car, ""i'm always the passenger, even when i'm driving, so STFU!"""	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	it was hell to connect.would have appreciated more detailed instructions. worked ok after linking with phone.	3	February 2, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an older car that doesn't have Bluetooth or an AUX jack. Even though the Echo Auto has a built-in speaker which sounded great to me during setup, it is apparently used ONLY during setup. I'm considering buying an FM Transmitter to relay Echo Auto's output to the car audio system, but that doesn't really make sense for me because I listen to XM Satellite radio all the time so I'd have to switch the audio source every time I want to use it. If I were to listen to FM radio, I'd have to change stations to hear the Echo Auto.  Even if my car DID have an AUX jack, it would be inconvenient to switch back and forth between XM and AUX. So I think it only makes sense to buy this if your car has Bluetooth and can mute your current source when audio is detected on the Bluetooth connection.	2	July 26, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was very excited to receive this the Alexa auto and was looking forward to some Alexa fun. Unfortunately I thought that it would be easier to use with my car, like I can talk to Alexa in my house, however I guess because I have a Ford Sync system and android phone, syncing and using isn't that easier. I can't have my normal radio or satellite going and use Alexa, I have to switch my system to Aux for Alexa to work, which is a pain. I used it twice but not since because it is time consuming to have to go from Disney radio on Satellite to turning on Alexa just because I want have it where my kids can ask Alexa to do something. It is so confusing that have of the time my kids are screaming ""Alexa..."" and I have to say, I don't have it switched to that setting. Very frustrating!"	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Alexa devices, and this one does the poorest job recognizing what I'm saying. However, it is very handy for adding things to my shopping and to do lists while driving, which is when I most often think of things, for some reason. Also great for hands free texts and Spotify. Most disappointed by the navigation, which is probably what I wanted most. I've attempted to use it about 15 times, and it only successfully found the location I was seeking twice. Could not locate an address from my phone contacts, and did not recognize several public addresses that my phone or computer identified instantly.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it's fantastic.  I love being able to pull up to the house and have lights turn on.  I also really like how easily I can play my favorite Pandora station.  The issue is that it doesn't seem to stay connected.  In order for it to work the app has to be open on my phone prior to getting into the car and starting it.  The sound has to already be set to Bluetooth.  If the app isn't open, or if my husband was driving and listening to the radio then the device will respond to my voice but it will not take any action, and you can not hear any sound.  I've found a work around of turning on the car switching over to BT, turning the car back off and opening the app to force her to work, but that can be a pain.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Para los que estamos acostumbrados a los otros Echos que son altamente personalizables, encontré que este es demasiado limitado, tiene muy pocas opciones, el dispositivo funciona bien, pero sin duda se puede mejorar mucho más, para el auto me sigo quedando con el asistente de google, ya que lo tengo integrado con Android auto, pero para la casa sin duda no cambio a los Echos y Alexa.	2	May 3, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There are definitely things I like about the Echo Auto.  Access to music and audio books is great.  However, connecting hands-free phone calls does not always work, and most times the parties on the other end complain about being able to hear me despite the volume being all the way on my phone and extremely high on my car stereo.  I usually end up having to put the phone on speaker.  I bought this hoping it would work as a hands-free option for my older vehicle which does not have blue tooth.  There are many times I say Alexa and get no response. Then I turn it off and turn it back on and still no response.  Other times, it works perfectly.  I hope that Amazon finds a way to improve the call quality and the reliability of service.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this device to replace satellite radio in my car. I was disappointed in that it loses connectivity a lot. Often, it requires attention (like logging into the Alexa app) rather than coming back up on it's own.  In principle, it is a good idea, but in practice it leaves a lot to be desired. It was also surprisingly difficult to set up, as the instructions (and the accompanying video) are not clear about linking to the car's bluetooth capability. Once you get clarification (I called the help line) it is fairly easy, but it will drive you crazy beforehand. I hope your experience with this device is better than mine.	3	October 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Things I really like about it is that once you get it connected (which is a chore and generally requires expert assistance) is that you can access a ton of music types, games, radio stations and podcasts with voice commands.  It is a wonderful companion for a long drive.  Things I hate about it (beyond the chore of getting it connected right in the first place) is the long connection time required which makes it less than useful for short drives, the endless pitching of Amazon paid subscriptions (after a brief free trial), and its utter uselessness for directions and such.  For example, it will give you the city you are in and little more.  Ask for gas stations and it won't really distinguish if they are behind you, ahead of you or off on some tangent road as long as they are in the general vicinity.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Okay, brass tacks right? It’s cool has lots of potential and once you discover how to get the most out of it, could really be nice to have in the car, especially if you’re a fan of your home Echo’s and use them quite a bit. If you simply ask your Echo for weather and the time, or to play the occasional tune this would be something that’s going to collect dust in your car. I find when I get in the car and plug it in it takes far too long to sync and get going, once it is though you can get a lot out of it especially if you have a lot of your devices, lights, music, SiriusXM, etc., running through your Echo devices. Right now I’m still on the fence but we’ve used it for more of our longer trips/drives and it came in handy and we felt there were more positives then drawbacks.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea this and really wanted it to work. I've had it for months and it often won't connect my phone, skills rarely work, occasionally interferes with my phone connection, and sometimes just won't work at all. I have a 2016 RAV4 which is too old for apple car play and I'd hoped this would fill the gap by providing additional voice integration but it's just not ready for prime time, at least not in a rural area.UPDATE: I've updated this from one to 3 stars solely because of the excellent customer service after my first review. We did some troubleshooting and while we can't find a suitable answer, at least they tried. I think this is a product that would be amazing for older cars without bluetooth. Newer cars may fight for priority between your car's installed bluetooth options.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When someone calls goes to mute when plugged in.  Unplugged for that reason	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it is the best thing ever!  I love the concept of having Alexa with me in the car, so I jumped at the chance to buy one of these.  BUT, if anyone remembers the old Net Meeting program where you spent your time asking, can you hear me now?  That’s what this is like.  We spend our time asking, Alexa are you there?  Sometimes, she’ll connect right away.  But then, ask her to answer more than one thing and she loses connection....and most of the time you don’t get it back.  The device itself works well.  WHEN she is connected, she answers you just like at home.  It is the Bluetooth connection that is not yet ready for prime time.  When they improve this, EchoAuto will be a wonderful thing to have.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not so great when traveling through areas without cell reception. When listing to an audio book in an area with poor cell service, Alexa will say that there is no cell reception, over and over and over again. The kicker is that when you return to cell service, Alexia will not go back to the same place where it left off. Instead it will return to the part of the book where you started earlier in the day. Really useless if you drive in an area with spotty cell service. Also, because I have a noisy Jeep, Alexa often cannot hear what I am saying.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really wanted to love this, however it is flawed.First off I have to disconnect my phone from my U Connect in my Jeep otherwise it will not play through my speakers. This bummed me out because I was really hoping to get rid of the big ol' cords coming out of this thing. No such luck, I disconnected my phone from U Connect and it worked fine but now I have the cords hanging off my dash.The vent mount doesn't work in a Jeep Wrangler so I used velcro and stuck it up by my cubby just a little higher than my vents. (I'll update this review with pics soon) A lot of the time she doesn't hear me, especially if I have the top off my Jeep like I usually do, Siri doesn't have this issue.It takes forever to disconnect a lot of the time, when it finally does and you ask Alexa to play a song it takes FOREVER for her to get through her spiel of ""playing xxx by xxx on amazon music"" blah blah blah just play the song. Seriously irritating.Don't get me wrong, it is a great concept and I will use it because I was able to ""test"" it out before it came out for $25 but had I paid full price for it, sadly I would probably return it :/"	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited for this.  Truly.  I knew right away this thing wasn't going to work out and I still kept it for almost a month bc I wanted it to work.  I thought updates would improve it.  Nope.  In fact, every time my iPhone updates, Echo Auto then has to get integrated again.  So frustrating.Echo Auto can only find the nearest X (fast food chain) but if you ask her for a major store, she finds you one way further than the closest.  It takes 20x longer to ask her for a nearest gas station than typing gas in your map app.She literally doesn't work 60% of the time.She doesn't let me know if I locked my front door.  I am not talking about locking or unlocking, I am talking about just asking for a status.  Those features don't work on Echo Auto.We use her for trivia games.  When she works, the kids prefer to ask her to play songs over using other devices to do it.She isn't even worth the $25 I paid for her.  Its a brick.  I am hoping some serious updates happen for her to make her more useful but nope, no updates.  She just gets to live in the land of suck.	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Had high expectations with this product given that I own several at home and they all work great. I paired this device with an Iphone 8, when streaming music using bluetooth sound quality is somewhat chopped, the sound is much better when my phone is connected to the car through cable and apple car but I expected not having to connect anything at all, just jump in my car and have alexa play music.Also voice recognition is much worse that at home, have to repeat commands often for alexa to understand. Specifically after power on, I always have to repeat what I asked which is annoying.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works nicely for the car.  It does exclusively rely on your phone. I knew that it needed data, but if you are sitting in carline, listening to music on the echo, and an ad pops up, your music will stop. Anything that would play sound over Bluetooth will also mess up the echo. When you think about it, it makes sense, but I just didn’t expect it. I figured that the phone and the echo would be much more independent.I am also disappointed by how often you have to disconnect the power to get it to work properly. It seems to happen about every other day (on average). Some days it will not work more often than it works.Am I happy that I got it?  Yeah. Am I disappointed in its performance?  Yeah. I’m extremely happy I got it early at half price off of MSRP.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Some would say that this device is a complete waste of time and money, because your phone is capable of doing the same exact thing.  In fact the integration is through your phone.But here is my reason for disagreeing. It just works instantly, no fiddling with your phone, no typing.... just Alexa, play something and it does. Traffic, news, directions right through your car radio.Not worth $50, wait for the sale or prime day. $25-30 is worth it.	3	June 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works same as my phone.  Loses phone connection all the time and has to be reset…	3	January 30, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is a functional product.  Whether playing music or getting directions, it elevates hands free.  I can make announcements via echo auto that play in my house.  I can start up music on all speakers, which made for a funny prank or two to those in the house.  Using the direct wiring means making the car appear a little disorganized, but still prefer to not having.For the negative, it worked well the first month.  Then the audio output stopped working through the Echo Auto itself.  This can be worked around by plugging audio out into my cell phone directly.  I.E. commands still made to Echo Auto, but play through is done through my cell.  It is a little annoying though.  All the individual components work, so still haven't figured it out.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's not how I thought it would be I used it once so far had I known it would be threw my phone I probably wouldn't have bought it have to see what all it does maybe use on a trip would be better so far not very impressed	3	October 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can understand the use	3	March 15, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been unable to sync my outllook and/or google calenders with the Alexa calender	3	January 30, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works great then stops working	3	March 13, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m still testing it out. If your Bluetooth signal is spotty, this will be, too, which is really annoying when you’re singing along to the top of your lungs and loose the connection…:/	3	November 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Edit October 2022: I have an Android 12 phone and the latest version of Alexa App breaks the connection with the Echo auto and I cannot use it anymore.I was able to get the previous version APK and it worked again. The problem is the latest Alexa updates.The calls always sound muffled, no matter where you place the Echo Auto in the car. I guess not all 8 mics are used when calling. I always have to switch to speaker on my phone so they can hear me better.	1	September 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"AMAZING... Sometimes. It's great at doing ""Alexa"" things, however when it comes to playing music i noticed that unless my phone it plugged into my cars USB that the music sounds rattled and distorted like a lightly blown speaker. Now you might say ""then just keep it plugged into the USB port"", but that brings me to the next problem. When the phone is plugged in, my cars steering wheel buttons and the infotainment screen shows/plays music through the amazon MUSIC app, however the echo auto seems to play through the ALEXA app, so the song on my screen will be wrong and if i use my steering wheel audio buttons it will switch whatever playlist i was listening to on the echo auto to my amazon music app. First world grievances, but defeats the purpose I bought it for"	3	February 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	OK, so up front I want to say I love all things Alexa. This needs work though. It is not as quick at voice recognition as Alexa at home and I have to manually switch to media on my vehicle consul in order to use. For some reason (maybe its my vehicle) but I have to turn the volume WAY up to hear her audio. Problem is if I forget to turn it down before switching back to radio or sirius xm it'll blow my eardrums. The other major con is that it does not shut down when you turn off the vehicle. I have to unplug it each time and then reboot my phone if I want to get rid of the Alexa notifications that its running a program in the background (even thought its off). Yeah, its unfortunate but it has been sitting unplugged in my vehicle for some time now.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very disappointed.. won’t keep connection to the appSlower then Siri	3	February 17, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The plastic housing just ""wore out"" after a few months.  It just came apart.  It rarely worked and has too many cords.  Hopefully the new version coming soon will be better as this was a failed effort on Amazon's part.  We returned the second one for a refund even after being sent a replacement due to the same problem."	1	October 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to live the echo auto but it fell short so quickly. My car does not have built in bluetooth so I depend on these devices to be able to use my phone in the car safely.The phone reconnects to the app everytime you start the car and it does not announce when it is ready to use. You have to attempt multiple times to get a response and sometimes it still fails. I have had to pull over to reconnect the echo auto to the app.The other issue that I have is that echo auto uses the internet connection through your phone and with cell phone reception it is not reliable when driving.  The device will lose connection almost daily during my commute. I will be playing an audible book that I have downloaded to my phone and it will stop playing.  I have used other devices that use bluetooth connection to your phone and auxiliary to play in the car. I would have to say that is preferable to the constant loss of connection.I also do not like that I cannot answer, reject or disconnect an incoming call with a verbal command. I can place a call but that is it.I look forward to improvements but I think I will change back to my old connection until it is more reliable.	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"At first, I thought this was an amazing product.  It responded to voice commands such as playing music and making phone calls.  Now, not only do I have to yell for it to hear me, it no longer responds correctly to my requests - if it responds at all.  Usually I hear a chime after saying ""Alexa,"" I make my request, then there's another chime.  Nothing happens.  When it worked well, I was so happy.  Now it doesn't connect no matter how many times I unplug it, reset it, and resync it with my phone.  Note:  all of these steps must be done when you are parked and not driving.  Here's hoping for improvement in an updated device."	3	June 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to give this to my husband on his birthday this year as we absolutely love all of our Alexa devices in our house.  Unfortunately he has hardly used the auto device since I purchased it for him.  The connectivity seems to be somewhat unreliable and it makes the car look a bit messy with the power cable hanging down.  I think it will probably stay in the car for a few weeks and then my husband will remove it as it is not really being used.  The siri function on his phone seems to work better for music and maps.	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Tried to return but I was being charged for a label which sucks. I thought that I could connect the Alexa to my car and be able to stream music in my car while on the phone but you cannot. I am giving away to someone who doesn't have Bluetooth in car as I can't even return to kohls and only to a ups free only if I print a label. It just doesn't function well and it is easier to connect to Alexa in car through your cell phone vs the device. Amazon bombed on this product sadly.	2	February 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What an incredible pain it has been to deal with this dropping and just refusing to connect to my iPhone SE and my car sound system. It drops, it connects, whatever. Sometimes this works, sometimes that. Nothings every consistent after religiously looking online and following directions. Also, I have to turn the radio down and close windows and turn down vent/AC fan as it has to be quiet. I cannot say I can really recommend this after all the problems I've had…..I wrote the previous stuff years ago and the device has only deteriorated, even with a new iPhone. Maybe 1 out 7 times it actually connects, and stays connected. Unfortunately, when one drives away expecting it to connect, it asks you to open the Alexa app (a no-no) and still doesn’t connect. I disconnect the Auto from power, reconnect, still no connect. I (no-no) check the BT connection from the iPhone, and from the car, both dangerous, and fruitless. Time and time again it doesn’t work, distracting me from driving my clutch car. I’ve had it, I ripped it out and just BT Alexa directly from my phone, sucking battery and data. Using the little microphone in my car to command Alexa should be ok, but just complexes a stupid situation. A while back, I just a little “Mighty” audio player, so tiny! Holds tons of music, works by BT or wired. Brilliant, cheap, works. I use it mostly for biking but now that I’m writing this, I can either wire it directly to the radio (no Alexa or voice control though) or I guess BT it to the radio (though this would drain the Mighty’s own meager battery). The Alexa Auto is and was a kludgy attempt and just made a difficult situation dangerous and wasteful. Too bad. Farewell Alexa auto	1	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a great idea that just doesn't work with my setup. I would love to have this active for the whole trip but in order to use it, the radio has to be set to aux and my iphone. Then the volume has to be turned way up in order to hear it, On my car once you are set on aux, you can't listen to the satellite radio.  When you want to go back to the radio, you have to turn the volume way down or else you will be blasted!!!!! Even though the unit is active, you can't hear it because the car is set to radio.In  order to be useful, it has to work like the built in gps. When a verbal instruction is issued from the gps, the volume for the radio is turned down. Maybe with another car this would work much better. With mine it is pretty much useless.Also, it seems to have problems connecting to the data of my iphone. It takes a while for it connect. The dashboard adapter is not a high quality product. There is a rubber button that is glued to it to hold the  power cable but that has already fallen off.Maybe there will be a version two that works better that can integrate with the current cars' systems.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I specifically purchased this for voice command music play. It works ok for that, although I need to crank the volume all the way up when streaming. I was hoping to take advantage of the drop in feature, to be able to tap into the house speaker while driving since folks in the house don't tend to answer their phone. I've yet to get this to work. I can see it dialing on the phone screen but it never connects. For $20 black Friday purchase I'll keep, but it's definitely not worth more. The hardware and wires dangling from the vent is annoying.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do not like this item.  I didn’t know, before I purchased it, that it will not mount to the vents in my 2012 Jeep Wrangler JK.  It keeps falling off and has issues connecting and staying connected to my Bluetooth.  I do not use it.  It sits in my glove compartment.	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I LOVE Alexa and have 6 other Echo Speakers between 2 homes and my Office. HOWEVER this is Way too difficult to connect and you have to do it every time you turn your vehicle on. When you do get it to connect it does most things fine EXCEPT it will not recognize any location EXCEPT my Home and my office... I can ask her how long it will take me to get home or to work and she will tell me however if I ask her the same question to ""My Girlfriends house"" or 'Parents House"" or even ask by name or address she says she cant access my personal Information YET (However she knows where I live and WORK???) I Guess I'm used to Siri being able to answer the questions... When I am able to connect her i like to be able to listen to my flash briefing on my way to work in the morning and we have taken a few long road trips and I enjoy being able to ask her to play MOST (even without paying extra for Amazon music)of the songs I can throw at her. However I would not recommend buying until they can work out the connection problems mine is currently in my glove box not being used"	2	February 8, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like others, I want this to work so badly but it's a 50/40/10 hit or miss.  50% of the time it connects to my phone, hands free, nothing to click or touch as it should be.  40% of the time I need to launch my Alexa app on my phone.  If my Alexa app is already running, I need to close it and restart.  10% of the time, the Echo Auto has no clue about my phone.  It is connected via bluetooth but other than that, it cannot connect with Alexa.  My advice:  wait for version 2 of this rushed, shoddy product.	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I brought this product with the thought in my mind ""Wow Alexa in my car, that is Awesome!"" Now I feel deflated. The install isn't the hard part for this product, easily done in 5 minutes. The issue I had was when I was driving Alexa would stop playing whatever I had on and told me I lost connection. Now I understand that people lose service while driving, and everyone haves the stretch of road when dead-zone lurks all the time. What I was experiencing was all the time lost connection, and the hassle of telling Alexa to play song over and over with no results. Final result for me was to plug my phone into input jack and toss Echo Auto to the side. I wish there was a little more testing into this product to make it amazing."	3	March 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's just an unnecessary device in my opinion and I never used it and I gave it to my mom and she doesn't really use it either...	3	December 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Updates Nov 4th 2019This unit can absolutely NOT be used in a car. I received my original unit in June 2019. During testing it was apparent these were not designed to be left in the car and heat, even moderate summer temps would cause many issue with it. Today is a ""blistering"" 70 degrees outside, you can see in the last picture that the echo has a red light this is because the unit is overheated it's a unit intended to be in a car an yet it's overheated in 70F degree weather. Long story short Amazon didn't want to do a return they wanted to troubleshoot the unit. This happened back and forth and eventually the unit still had issues and again I asked for a refund and was told I was outside my 30 day return window? Really I got it on June 18th asked for a return on July 15th. Seriously, just walk away. Now it doesn't even work on aux but will only bluetooth audio to my phone.Original ReviewNot made to take the heat of a car. How can you have a echo made to be in a car... but need to remove it every time you leave the car... pointless. The heat just kills these units, causes hem to spaz out. I've tried to end my trial and return mine multiple times. Every update and troubleshooting steps doesn't fix the issue.Just use the Alexa app on your phone and be done with it.The one picture in my review... It just froze like that. Everytime I would have to power cycle. It would work for a minute maybe and start cutting out on audio then freeze."	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's.  . . Meh. I got it at a discount because of the invitation thing, and I'm glad I did t pay full price. I had the Roav Viva in my car previously, and this works better than that did, so I'll give them that. But there are random glitches during the games, and it's SUPER annoying whenever she says her own name and then stops to listen, and then exits out of whatever you were doing. Plus, if I ask her to read a text message (which is a new feature for me in my car), it'll show that message on the home screen of my phone for a long time, like, days. AND it will repeat old messages that it has already read for me every time I start the car for the rest of the day.It has its glitches. So I'll leave it at a ""meh"" for now."	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This really needs to be dialed in.It is not an issue of working, it is an issue of recognizing what I am asking for (sometimes) and getting hung up taking action per my request in a timely manner. (often)I have a good cell signal most of all the time. Sadly Alexa gets hung up on the command for minutes at a time.	3	September 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon devices need a lot of work with integration to IOT  and ease of use.	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I still had to touch my phone to activate, easier to just use the phone mic. Doesn’t function like an Alexa.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well I was very disappointed with the fact that I can't just connect it to my vehicle's Wi-Fi. So when my wife uses my vehicle she doesn't have access to Alexa. And the same thing when I use her vehicle. Both vehicles have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth so this sucks... Seems to me that I should have been able to connect to them through the app on my phone and set them up to work with the vehicle instead.	3	June 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My dislike would be when skipping a song it doesn't let me sometimes or it doesn't understand not sure how does it want me to say alexa play next song or alexa skip that song? Also when I say alexa open my amazon music app it doesn't open it, and that's one of the reason why I decided to try out Amazon music because alexa doesn't work with my youtube music app it's only says it's compatible with pandora or spotify which I don't have, so that was a bummer for me, really thinking if I should keep amazon music since this alexa echo won't open it up from my Android phone .	3	October 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Edit - moved from 2 to 3 stars.  Amazon customer service reached out, and they were great.  Not able to fix the problem.  The vent mount is the only option included - when the product was first released it included a dash mount.  That was changed to the vent mount shortly after release due to issues with the adhesive on hot car dashboards losing adhesion.  Makes sense, but I'm still going to mod this and dash mount it.Amazon changed the mounting hardware, and only provides the vent mount now, instead of providing a dash mount.  Why not provide both and give the option?  I do not want a vent mount...  so now I'll use some double sided tape.  Seems ridiculous for a brand new product out of the box.	3	February 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love me some gadgetry.  And if it involves Alexa, let’s do it. In the battle of Alexa vs Siri vs Hey Google vs Cortana, Alexa seems to lead in response and as I continue to use them in everyday life, it’s nice to know there is continuity throughout. And that was true of everywhere except for the car. Until now. I was rather surprised at the size of the main box. Set up was a cinch and it connected right away. I do prefer the sound of the aux cord over Bluetooth and keeping Bluetooth open allows for me to keep my phone connected. So it’s the best of both words. I am not sure of the practicality and it’s purpose in the car right now, but for those who don’t already have car play I would recommend giving this a shot. Especially at the price!	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use the aux for my vehicle and it is very handy. I give this product 3 stars because it does work, when it wants to. When it is working, it is amazing. At first I thought maybe I had bad reception since it’s connected to my phone via Bluetooth, but sometimes the echo auto just didn’t want to connect to my phone. Maybe it’s because I have an iPhone? I also have Apple Music and sometimes Alexa wants to try to play from Amazon music when I repeatedly say Apple Music. I even have the default set to Apple Music. Overall, when it works, it’s awesome and handy for people who don’t have bluetooth in their vehicle. But can be a headache reconnecting all the time.Update: This product is a piece of garbage. It is now starting to run into a lot of problems. Starting with the phone connection. This product struggles so much to connect to my phone, the microphone isn’t working as well either. The music occasionally cuts out. I used to use it every morning by asking Alexa to play my favorite radio station, but now it can’t even do that right. So now using the radio is better. Avoid. Unless this make some serious upgrades.	1	December 8, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to love this.  I wanted to have amazing integration in my non integrated vehicle.  I purchased in hopes that I would be able to be driving down the road and holler at Alexa to play my tunes.  The problem is I don't get good cell reception in much of the area I live.  This is essentially a great microphone.  If you are looking for a way to hide your phone away and still be able to narrate to it, I highly recommend this product.  I was hoping for something more than a microphone to connect to amazon music but unfortunately that's what I got.If as part of this setup, it could default to local music I would have given 5 stars across the board.Pro: good microphone, relatively easy setupCon: requires internet connection, can't force to use local storage	3	November 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So, for playing music, Echo auto is a win. It recognizes what I want about 80% of the time. But, for directions, hours of operation of a local store, nearest store to me, it pulls from the same font of information that Siri does and has the same shortcomings.Full disclosure, I received this free through my insurance company. If I had to pay for it I'd be more disappointed. Right now it's an interesting, but mostly failed experiment.If you're used to saying ""Hey Siri....."" you don't gain any appreciable benefit by switching to ""Alexa..."" (or ""Google..."" for that matter)Another quirk is Alexa doesn't ""hear me"" or respond appropriately unless my phone is physically connected to my radio via USB, which is a minor inconvenience. My phone is an iPhone 7- a little older but not obsolete yet."	3	February 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Alexa in my car doesn't work quite as well as my ""home"" Echo devices. It takes some time for her to connect ... several minutes sometimes. I have a Honda Pilot. You also have to have the app open on your phone in order for it to sync. When she is connected, she works really well. I'm just disappointed at how long it takes for her to connect in the car and the problems I've had getting her to connect at times. I've even had to close my app and reopen for her to connect at times. I've also had to delete the device altogether and reinstall. I'm sure as time goes on, it will get better. I love having the option of updating my shopping list and listening to my Audible books in the car, as well as all the other neat things that Echo devices will do."	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	really provides nothing outside of novelty for my car since it does everything Siri does. The gee wiz is that I can send notifications to my house with out opening the alexa app on my phone. It tethers to your phone and accesses your car audio through that connection. So realistically it only adds a loose power cable to your dash. Though if you don't have voice command on your phone, it is a nice set up. But for me, this is a novelty item that doesn't matter either way if I forget to grab it with my keys.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Why do I have to go through so many steps to connect it to my phone every time? I can play music through my car just by connecting bluetooth and switching to that channel. If I want the Echo to connect, I have to do that and then open the Alexa app, wait for it to recognize I want to connect, and acknowledge that I'm the passenger. The other two frustrations I have is there is no playback progress bar when I listen to Amazon Music via Echo Auto, but if I listen to Amazon Music via Chevy MyLink I have a progress bar along with song information and I also lose timely skipping functionality. When attempting to skip a song through my steering wheel buttons there is a huge response delay and occasional non-response that isn't present without the presence of the Echo Auto.I had a ton of complaints during Beta, but never anything, just realized I could finally review it publicly. Unsurprisingly on a hot summer day you also have to remove the device from your dashboard as the storage heat recommendations would be exceeded, so just one more step.Anyway, I leave it plugged in and connect if I'm going to be in the car long enough that I want to request songs on a whim (few times a week).	2	November 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really should set the record straight about this item. It's not ""truly"" an Alexa per say. It's an augmented microphone relay that my phone's Alexa answers and plays music through. Hence, it's something of a sham. Sure, it talks during the setup but, once it's hooked in, it does all the relay through the phone (at least mine does) and who wants a ""phone"" speaker taking the place of an Alexa.Now, if you were to hook it in through an Android stereo, the case might be different as that would be amplified sound and the experience would be better. The only true difference between having the Alexa app (on the phone) and this item is: It listens (constantly) for the ""Alexa"" word.Sure, it ""identifies"" as an Alexa but it's just an augmented bluetooth listening device.It what someone might consider wildly ""mediocre""."	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First off I love Echo based products.  This one is worth the purchase, but it still needs a couple things worked out.1) The vent mount and cords it comes with are cumbersome in the vehicle. With that, I used some adhesive Velcro and used a much smaller micro USB cord to center and mount it in a descreet location. (Centered in photo). Now it actually looks like part of the vehicle.2) The commands still aren’t at full speed. For example, when I ask for directions, it still doesn’t want to pull up the correct addresses. These commands will likely be fixed with a software update. All normal commands from around the house work perfectly.Bottom line, with a few very minor modifications, this product would be one of my favorite from Amazon. For the price, if you’re already connected with Echos like I am, it’s worth a try.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Maybe works sometime if I pull my phone out of my pocket and launch the Alex app - but that completely loses the point of it, and not sure if thats just my PHONE working and the auto doing nothing.""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone"".""Your echo auto has lost connection to your phone""."	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well I was hesitant to purchase this, but after watching several reviews on it I did purchase it was excited to receive it. When it arrived the set up was seamless very easy connected everything really smooth and the device basically is just having the dot in your car which I like. However I was extremely disappointed that I did not receive the mounting sticky pad. The air vent mount does not work for my car so I had to come up with another way to mount it in my car. To me that took away from the excitement of what I had purchased. I have looked and looked trying to find that sticky pad for sale on Amazon and I can’t find it. 😧 I believe it should be an option to purchase separately, or a choice in the purchase whether you get the vent mount or the sticky mount.	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like that was super easy to use and set up.Works great when works. On the instructions it says to unplug if your not going to be using it. I unplug mine every night. The next morning it takes about 5 minutes to work. Sometimes even after it connects it says can’t find network.I had a Bluetooth adapter that I used before and it was about the same price and was more reliable than the Amazon one.	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	El producto no es de mucha calidad. El reconocimiento por voz es muy malo,hay que gritar bien fuerte para que Alexa te escuche y además es muy lenta la ejecución de los comandos de voz.	2	June 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’d been waiting...oh so long.. and I’m not totally disappointed. Lots of potential... unrealized. I think there’s a fair chance these will be updated somewhat regularly. Let’s make that a HOPE. (8/2020.. not yet!) Here we are at 4/2021, and any updates aren’t really noticeable.Glitchy would be a compliment.. I expected that, but figured they’d fix it. GPS integration has issues. How do I get to use Waze? Why does it go to some radio service, with ads, when I ask to play news from a specific source, like CNN, MSNBC? My Echos at home connect directly. When I connect to some music channels, it plays the same selections each time. Oh.. and volume control isn’t consistent. The surprise of full volume from my VERY powerful system, when switching between Alexa and car system, needs to be fixed. Connectivity? Not so good. I can drive for several minutes, still getting a “Not Connected” message. And finally, it’s kind of a shame to have to drape a cable over the dash.The positives Barely outnumber the negatives. I really do enjoy using it, but those uses are VERY limited. I HATE Siri, but sometimes it works when this device doesn’t. That’s not a good sign.Thanks to Amazon for including the mount and the dual USB outlet.UPDATE: 06/2021. Adhesive failed on mounting hardware. No Replacements available.	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I hate your new change.  Now I cannot choose a single artist or album or playlist.  Amazon is trying to force us to purchase Music Umlimited in addition to the cost of Prime.  If you do not change it back, we should revolt and get rid of all Amazon subscriptions and devices.	1	November 3, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really really wanted to love this.  I installed it and it installed perfectly.  I asked Alexa to play music she started then stopped, I asked again she started then stopped, this continued almost the whole way to work. I think I might have listened to one song that morning. After work I figured I would give her another shot. She was even worse.  She would repeat what I asked for but wouldn’t even begin the music. I will stick with the Amazon music  app on my phone and Sirius radio. Don’t waste your time or money on this!	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We took this product with us on a cross country trip and was able to put it through its paces.  As one might expect, when one got away from the interstates and the connection dropped, we'd lose our tunes.  What was confusing was that we'd lose our tunes even on the interstate where by all appearances, we still had our 4G internet connection.  Sometimes it would come on and off so sporadically that we would just turn it off.For some things the spottiness probably wouldn't matter too much, but when playing music, it isn't cool.  Perhaps a much more robust buffer would help bridge the connection issues.We only use our Echos for playing music (and setting timers in the kitchen) so maybe others would find the experience more worthwhile.  At least I didn't pay too much for it.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is a bit cumbersome when it comes to connecting via phone (iPhone X used). The app has to be open/refreshed and many times you have to fumble with the phone app to get Echo Auto to connect through the app, even though its open on the phone. The Bluetooth portion seems to connect okay to the phone (not always, but most of the time), but the app connection portion is clunky. If you step out of the car for gas, food, etc and back in, sometimes you have to re-establish Bluetooth or App connection. Also, no other device can be streaming Amazon music under your account. So there is some concern there when you have a home (family) device and an auto device on same account as they will fight with each other. Its a great concept and device, just wish it was a little more less 'user interactive' on the phone side.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this, but this Alexa is more of a hassle than its worth. If I want to use Alexa, I need to check to make sure she’s functional before I leave, I need to make sure the app for Alexa is open and any app that I want to use, because she can’t start apps herself. If I suddenly realized I need to go somewhere and ask Alexa for directions, she won’t start navigating until I confirm it on the app. What a useless ‘co-pilot’. Why couldn’t a verbal confirmation be enough? If I wanted to pull over to okay it, I would have just pulled over and set up the directions myself. Spotify sometimes doesn’t work, when it does, if I’m not already streaming on my phone through the car on an aux/phone cable, Alexa with stream it through her Bluetooth connection which kills the base and makes it sound like it’s planing though a tin can. I’m not sure what exactly causes this because I connected my phone with Bluetooth to the car to test that and it didn’t have the same problem Alexa was having. Overall, I’ve wasted so much time having to work around all the little problems and nuances that it’s counter acted any time I could have saved with it. It has potential, but needs some serious work to reach it.	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well, I've wasted about four hours of my golden years trying to get this thing to pair with phone and car. At first, it worked for about two minutes. I was elated! Next time I got in the car............NOTHING! I have been messing around with electronics, including echo dots, smart lights, smart switches, computers and cell phones and can have them up and running in five minutes. My house is 50% smart house, all done by me, so it's not an age thing. Unless I got a lemon, don't bother with this thing. The concept is awesome, but I won't have a problem living without it.Update. I just got off a chat with an Amazon tech, for which I spent yet another hour, but success! It is now working. I set it up in the house so maybe there will be another update after I put it back in the car.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Edit: Echo Auto, you just lost your second star. Total garbage. There is no way to make Alexa stop playing whatever she is playing i.e. ""Alexa, stop playback"" or fill in the last word with anything you think makes sense. Again, it's pathetic. Amazon owes anyone a discount on the 2nd gen whenever that comes out. Better yet, a free trade in.Where to begin... I'll  keep it short and simple. You'd think after the 5 month delay for the general public to purchase they would've sorted out some obvious glitches  but alas they didn't. I can't imagine it being any worse unless it just didn't work at all1. For starters the only mounting option is an air vent mount which requires you to sacrifice an air vent. And it looks janky af. I'm about to snap the magnetic part off and use adhesive to stick it to my dash because Amazon doesn't even sell an alternative.2. It streams music on your phone even after you tell it to stop. And then good luck getting it to stop on your phone.3. Sometimes it just doesn't respond. For extended periods of time. Defeats the whole purpose. You know what does work? OK Google, the free app on my phone which I bought the Alexa to replace. When Alexa does work, it can't understand exact addresses e.g. ""Alexa, navigate me to 123 Fake Street, State 12345."" Alexa says she can't understand. OK Google understands that type of command.4. When it does work, it's kinda cool and does some of the same stuff Alexa in your house can do, but mostly not nearly as well. I still have hope they will get into better shape, but for now, as my title suggests, it's pretty pathetic. Especially for the price."	1	October 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I excitedly waited to add this device to my Alexa family. Until its arrival I would use the Amazon Music App to play music through my bluetooth  in my car. I was extremely happy listening to music that way but the promises presented by the Echo Auto made me think that once connected, I would not have to fuss with the phone anymore or at least not as much. Not so.In order to use the Echo Auto I still have to open the Alexa App and assure it that I can drive & listen to music. If I ask it to play music by any particular artist it might play one or two and then go silent. It is irritatingly GLITCHY. I will keep it in the eternal hope that there will be software improvements, but honestly, I was better off using my phone with the Amazon music app. Sorry Alexa.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Not sure of what the actual issue is but it appears that the auto version continually runs in the background of my cell phone. This ties up the operating system. During phone conversation you are unable to communicate with the person you are speaking to as Alexa is doing something else in the background. After a few annoying moments the call is restored but this happens repeatedly. This version also has other limitations that my Echo Show does not. You are unable to connect to radio stations and Alexa simply say "" I don't know what went wrong"". After several attempts and some research I have found that the mobile version does not support popular apps like link in and I heart radio. These annoying problems make the unit cumbersome and I will not use it very often or at all until corrected."	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The reason why I bought this item is because Amazon doesn't allow siri to play music from Amazon music.  They blocked that so you can buy this product.  When you ask Siri to play an artist on Amazon music, it replies ""Amazon music hasn't added support for that with Siri."" I'm driving a new car and Car Play automatically starts whenever I start my car.  I can ask Siri to play music from any software such as Pandora, Spotify, and some other software, but whenever I asked it to play from Amazon music, it says that Amazon doesn't give it permission to do that.I already have Amazon music from Amazon Prime, so I don't want to pay another monthly fee on Apple music so I bought it.  But it's a problem because I'm spending data on both my cell phone and this thing.Seriously that's stupid.  When you ask Alexa to play something, it's using your cell phone to do it.  It cannot do it on its own.Amazon, please get it together.  Allowing Apple to play music from Amazon music with voice command wouldn't make you poor.  On the contrary, your customers like me would be very happy.  This product should be for people who has older cars with no car play or Android in it."	1	June 1, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this product knowing it would have initial snags but it’s getting frustrating. Yes, you do have to wait for it to attach to the car every time you start the car but I can usually wait.  However, the many times it loses connection during your drive becomes annoying.I had my Apple Music open and working on the device for two days. Now it tells me to open my app on the phone to link Apple Music but no further instructions, which apparently you need because just opening the app does nothing. I’ve tried linking it various ways to no avail.  Maybe now that it’s for sale to the public they will have an online manual.I do enjoy having it, despite my complaints, because I don’t have Bluetooth in my car so this helps, but sporadically.  I’d wait for the next generation if I were to pay full price.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well bottom line up front I would not recommend buying this yet. Maybe down the road it will be good but honestly this is the worst Voice recognition I have ever used. It reminds me of the early days of voice recognition and how poor and inaccurate was. The device looks nice and fits very well in the car. I was happy to see that it wouldn’t Interfere with the Apple CarPlay, that was a very pleasant surprise. Well all the positive stops there the rest of experience was horrendous. It can’t even do simple navigation commands. I would say nine out of 10 times after saying Alexa it’ll beep, The blue light will come on for what feels like a microsecond, and then it stops listening. After about three or four “ Alexas” it will finally listen.This was a Christmas gift so I do not intend to return it but man was a disappointed that it is so bad. Really hoping that a software update will fix this. Again don’t trust all the 5 and 4 star reviews, they can not be authentic. It feels and works like a Piece of electronics that you would buy in the dollar store. I know that sounds harsh but honestly, that’s how it feels to me. I’m kind of surprised Amazon would put their name on something is poor. Fingers crossed that this will get resolved as always I am a fan of Amazon and what services they provide just not this one.	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted this to work. I unfortunately believe there are still lots of things they need to work on. First I didn’t want to lose access to my local radio stations and unfortunately this removed access for me to listen to my radio I tried connecting to apps but then it was hard as you cannot easily switch through Channels at all. It would be great if 1st you can enter zip code and set favorite radio stations as well as present channels to flip through and say change the channel or switch to pandora/amazon music	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I need to have a Bluetooth radio to run it through my car speakers.	3	January 24, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you think this will work like the echo dot, or show- it doesn’t. It is simply a relay from the Alexa app on your phone to you car stereo. I really wanted something that would entertain my grandkids on the daily commute to and from school. I thought they would be able to use the “Freetime” subscription on this, but when I went to access it, I was informed by Alexa that “Freetime is not supported on this device”. So now my commute is filled with Jingle Farts. I Love My Kitty Kat, Bubblebutt and “Simon says Pearl is a Fart”. Followed by “Alexa Stop”. If you want directions, you have to make sure location services is “always on” on your phone. If you pay full price, its a waste of money. Wait until they mark it down to $24.99 - that’s what it’s worth.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First of all, it took a while to set up in the automobile. We followed the directions exactly but had so much trouble hooking up the Bluetooth to it. After we finally did so, it seems to work OK. Sometimes you have to repeat commands over and over a few times.  When we're in the car on a long trip, we try to play Jeopardy or some other game and it will just go off and go back to the music we were listening before hand without warning. It's almost like it's a prototype and it doesn't work 100% because it is a brand new Product.  I have no complaints with my Alexa echoes in my house, but the one in the car does not seem to work 100% and it needs to be improved.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Among all the Alexa products we have, bit disappointed with this one. Our car does not have Bluetooth and we connect it via AUX. Here are few of the issues faced so far:1. Its connected through iphone 8 and most of the time the connection is not established. Need to unplug the device and try again for it to connect.2. Using it to talk is the most disappointing thing. Even with 8 mics, it's tough for the person on the other side of the phone to hear the driver.3. If a person from the 2nd or 3rd row seat of the car tries to give command, it's not able to hear at all.4. Tried command like ""direction to nearest grocery"" and it was not able to find. This is when I am less than 1 mile away from our grocery store. The location on phone was enabled."	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I found it unexpectedly flawed/imperfect a product coming from two companies I respected so much as almost Heavenly/Godlike quality places of Superior products.  It made me pause and wonder if I’ve lazily expected too much quality/product thought/testing of all their products.I know it was a fairly low cost item, but I expected so much more of this beautifully designed LOOKING item to become a part of such a critical part of my car, an important Life Safety thing, that it seems now so clumsy/unpredictable that it’s become an item I’ve almost decided to remove.I’ve expected more.The Echo Dot, I expected less and tolerate more of, because it’s a convenient help in a home, less important/dangerous environment than my Honda Pilot.The only thing I’ve gotten from Amazon & Apple that I’m seriously disappointed with.Sorry for my negative feedback.MMayer (951-454-6680)	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received this item a couple weeks ago and took it on a drive 840 miles to FL, and 840 miles back home.  It worked okay, and integrated some familiar things into my vehicle.  It has failed to connect via bluetooth to my phone on numerous occasions.  I finally used the ""forget this device"" option and reconnected it.  It still fails to connect sometimes.  The mounting bracket doesn't work very well.  After it had fallen off my air vent for the 5th or 6th time, I finally just let it sit on the console.  The thing that supports the cable onto the bracket broke.  Overall, I'm not as happy as I should be about this product.  I like the amazon echo products VERY MUCH and have many of them throughout my house, garage, and shed.  It seems, however, this one still needs work."	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am happy that Alexa is now in my car. I have an old car that doesn’t even have Bluetooth. My car came with the old iPhone battery cable that was before the lightning cable.  Now I can activate Alexa and ask her to turn on my house lights and disable my house alarm as I am pulling into my house. I agree with the other complaints that I have seen. When I turn on the car and the device starts she doesn’t work right away. I often need to open my iPhone and the Alexa app to tell Alexa that I am a passenger (but I am really not) to start the device. I understand the safety feature in doing this but if there a reminder alarm or something to remind myself to open the app. I often hop in the car and leave. Overall, I like Echo Auto.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device worked as intended for me, and the voice recognition and quick response are pretty impressive. However, I could achieve most/all of this functionality with my iPhone, so half the fun of this is the cool parlor trick of having an Alexa device in your car ... but the decidedly uncool power cord protrudes from the right side so that it's hard to place the device in a way that doesn't look horsey, with a cord draped across your dashboard and the sole method of mounting being a ginormous bracket that blocks off an AC vent.The flaws for me were cosmetic but obvious. I bet Gen2 is much better. I'd recommend more bracket options and less obtrusive power port(s), maybe off the back. And make it smaller. Or a puck-style device that fits in a cup holder ...	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Works well with Amazon Prime Music and will find and play songs through my phone.I can also turn on and off lights in my house. Both of these are wins. But... read on!Texting is poor. I will say ""send <person's name> a text"". Alexa will then ask me if I mean the specific person and when I say yes ask me if I want to send a text. I need to be able to say ""send <person's name> a text"" and have Alexa take down my text instead of asking me multiple questions.Next, when looking for people in my contacts Alexa can find them about 50% of the time. So this is frustrating.Finally, Alexa should be able to read incoming texts back to me.If Amazon works out the texting bugs this will be a hit."	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I feel like this device probably works better on Android phones - I use an iPhone, and Alexa has to ask me to open my phone and confirm and start navigation. Playing music also doesn't happen in the phone's apps, but instead on the Alexa app, so playing Spotify or Amazon Music doesn't usually give me the transport controls inside CarPlay. Probably could have skipped this device and just used Siri.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was really excited to get this, especially on sale.  It only works half the time.  Lately it will just say that it has been disconnected from my phone,  Or can’t connect, but it seems to tell me it’s ready when I am in my house!!!  But when it does work, it hears me or my kids pretty well.  I have used it to play music give directions or play games or just talk to Alexa.  I just wish it would work most of the time.  Maybe I need WiFi in my car and not just via my phone.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I didn't like how it sat in my vent.  A dash mount should have been included instead, but you can buy an aftermarket one.  What decided it for me were the ugly cords and the length of time it took to connect to my phone and then the network, especially as I was driving out of WiFi and entering mobile data.  Too often it'd take so long that I was already at my destination for short trips, which I make a lot of.	2	March 14, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it is awesome. It connected to the Bluetooth on my phone fine. However, the issue with connectivity is that it causes my phone to turn Bluetooth off and on for whatever reason. When I first get in the car everything will be fine, then within a couple minutes the Bluetooth in my phone completely turns off which interrupts the music or podcast. I also have a watch connected and it will cut that off. Then it will come back on and everything works fine for another few minutes and it happens again. I've done all the troubleshooting on my phone in case it was the issue but as soon as I unplugged the Alexa auto, I never had the Bluetooth issue again. Unfortunate because it's a cool device that I'd use frequently if it worked well. Hoping it will have some sort of update in the near future.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Once connected to the Alexa App in the phone is works as expected, but it takes a time to connect every time you start the card and the App must be open.	2	June 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When playing music, it sounds as good as playing through my phone.  Fine.  When manually starting Spotify, it plays fine. Using Alexa though, almost never works.  Which makes this completely useless since I'm still basically playing music through my phone manually.My first Auto wouldn't respond to me at all.  Amazon replaced it.  Second Auto, responded the time I set it up and life was good.  Alexa worked flawlessly playing songs I asked for, skipping when I asked, rewinding when I asked.  I was happy.That didn't last long though.It seems to disconnect every time I turn off the car, which means I have to go through the entire reconnect process every time I get in the car.  And since I drive a manual, if I happen to randomly stall the car, it disconnects then too.  Once it disconnects, it's nothing more than a paperweight.  Even then, though, reconnecting it doesn't always work.  Alexa is hearing me (I can see my commands in the history) but she's not doing anything anymore.  I've reconnected it 4 times.  I don't have time to go through this every single morning before driving to work.In short, it's a giant PITA and until they figure out all the bugs, it's useless.	2	October 22, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Meh.  Wait til a few generations have been made.  All relies on the quality of your car speakers.  Relies on your smart phone and any apps you have on it, which must be turned on and plugged in to car when in use.  Relies on Alexa app. Which also must be on.  Internet? Have your phone with you.  Clip for attachment is poorly constructed, but on its own it’s a small and unobtrusive unit.  Don’t move your hand too quickly or you’ll pop the (magnetic) Alexa device off the (poorly constructed, see above) clip. At least it comes off easy for the glove compartment (as if anyone would steal it).  Must be plugged in to car’s WiFi/adaptor.  All in all, I’m talking to my phone. That just adds to the Cord Situation in a car.  ITS JUST A MICROPHONE PROPLE.  It may or may not use your Spotify/pandora/etc streaming service even if you tell it to.  Won’t work in. In-urban areas if you rely on WiFi for info (“Alexa, give me directions to...”...wel you better confirm on your own app first). I’ve yelled at it more than I ever have my other Alexa devices...and I’m less than 2 feee away.  Meh. Meh meh meh meh.	2	January 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This way okay but often had connection issues which made it so we barely used it.	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First, I am very tech savvy.  Second I have multiple (more than 3) Alexa devices in my home that work as expected (Fire TV Cube is also a disappointment) so I had expectations based on user experience.  Third, I have 4 cars (2019, 2017, 2014 & 2010) and the Alexa auto failed to add value or perform adequately (or at all in some cases) in any vehicle!In the 2019 & 2017 - everything in the vehicle’s are already Bluetooth or hands free, why would I want to go back in time 10 yrs and introduce WIRED technology?!  Why does it not natively connect to Bluetooth or Apple/Android auto? Also, since it’s wired directly to the vehicle’s radio/navigation hub via USB, why can’t Alexa EVER reconnect on its own when the car is restarted? I have to go through the install process EVERY TIME I start the vehicle or wait 15 mins for Alexa to figure out how to reconnect 😮😬😤As far as the 2014 and 2010 vehicles, even they have Bluetooth, but NOT Alexa auto!!! of course both vehicles  have circular air vents, so the well thought out & cross functional design (NOT!) of the mounting brackets that only work on square vents, are completely useless. So the device has to be stored in the console tray out of view and where Alexa can only hear the radio and not my voice.Needless to say, none of my vehicles currently have an Alexa auto installed.  However, I have an excellent Alexa auto paper weight on my desk!  Seems like this device was released WAY too early. More technical/real life use cases should have been conducted before this was made available.	1	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'll start by saying that we love Alexa. She's in every room in our house and controls all the things (our doors, thermostat, lights, etc). So, I was soooooo excited to get this one for the car, so I could listen to our unlimited music we pay for and add things to our grocery list as I thought of them.This was SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!First of all, trying to get the thing to connect to the app is a giant pain and it constantly looses it and can't be found to reconnect. When we FINALLY got it paired with the app, we figured out that you have to unplug the auto echo before turning your car off, then plugging her back in when you get back in your car, otherwise she just keeps searching for the app and won't connect again and you have to repair them again and that takes 25 thousand years.Also, if I'm playing a song in my car with the auto echo on my unlimited music account AND finish the song AND unplug it before I get out of my car, the app on my phone just continues to show the song on my lock screen and run in the background of my phone eating my battery NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES I EX OUT AND CLEAR IT!I ended up deleting the alexa app and throwing the auto echo in the trash (because of course I had thrown the box away).	1	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m super disappointed by not being able to use it in my car yet. It connects via Bluetooth just fine to my 2016 Toyota Camry, IPhone 12 and Apple Watch, but I can’t hear it through  my car speakers and when I took it to the Toyota dealer for help, they had no idea on how to fix the problem. I know there’s an app for Toyota’s 2018 and newer- so I guess I just need to buy a new car so I can have Alexa Auto work?? Seems reasonable... :-/	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've loved every Amazon product I've tried so when I saw his I jumped on it immediately. Since then I've regretted it. I'm very tech savvy, particularly with Android and I've done everything imaginable to fix it but the phone app constantly closes without warning so when I want the Echo to do something it is not available.During the brief times it does work, it often activates itself when advertising it's own services. That's to say it'll say something like ""If you want more of this, just say the phrase Alexa..."" Then it stops before finishing the sentence because it woke itself up. I have multiple Echos in my house and I've never seen this happen. Maybe off of a TV but not itself.Other times I'll be listening to an audiobook and it'll activate over words that sound nothing in the least like ""Alexa"", pausing the audiobook for no reason.I really want to like this thing but it is just far too fustrating to use. It's not working when you want it because the app has closed and other times when you aren't trying to activate it, it is activated for no reason.Avoid until Amazon can work out the bugs. I've had it for a couple of months and it's no better today than the first day."	2	November 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have used this for few months now and below is what I feel about this product....Does not auto connect to Alexa app, you have to ensure that Alexa app is running, so how is it hands free ??? It should automatically open the app when asked.. if the app closes for any reason then you are stuck. Again if I keep the app open why do i need this nuance?Next While driving when I ask for directions to a address it says many hits and says the first match (which to my luck is always wrong) then it does not responds to next command, it just dies, also does not show the option on mobile screen...  while driving or otherwise. Expectation is, if I ask for directions then at least show the suggestions on the screen or a notification to click and see options... but this thing expects user to navigate to app to view details...So overall to me this is a super flop product... this was earlier sold at 49$ and since thanks giving it is always at 24$ .. hope that tells us something...even at 24$ Don’t waste your money...when I have to use my phone so much why do I need a middle man ...Only thing good is the blue light bar and the ding sound it make when you enter your car... rest is waste...	1	March 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got the Echo Auto for half price during the Black Friday/Cyber Monday deals.  For that price, I'm pretty happy with it.  It was easy to set up- the biggest issue I had was that I wanted to use the AUX rather than Bluetooth, just for sound quality and not to be as big a drain on the battery, and had an issue since my phone was already set up for Bluetooth audio, so I had to set my phone audio correctly.  I haven't have the disconnection problems that some people have, but do have to repeat my Alexa requests a couple of times before it will be recognized or the device will respond.  Often enough to be annoying, but overall I still like the device.  Hopefully it will get better with newer versions.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I typically do not write reviews but I know that this is a much anticipated release (including myself) and we were so excited to be able to purchase one HOWEVER, within two weeks of use we more than doubled our data usage (5.1GB) and ran over our data limit since we do not have an unlimited data plan, costing us at least another $20 per month to operate and the only thing we use that vehicle for is to commute 6 miles to work and back.  Unfortunately we were planning on purchasing 2 Echo Autos for each of our 5 adult children and spouses as upcoming holiday gifts but won't now since the data usage is so outrageous.  In fact, we'll be sadly returning ours for that reason.  In the meantime for those with unlimited data or do not care about usage....the Echo Auto was awesome to immediately connect to music streaming such as Sirius and the auto connect feature worked great for us however within a few days Alexa quit taking voice commands for phone calls and would only generate a confused response.  Ultimately,  not worth the price of data, will continue to stream music and make calls direct from phone to vehicle via bluetooth and will look at watch and GPS for other information.  Disappointing to say the least.	2	October 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am still working on issues..but so far ...all other devices work seamlessly...dot 3..echo 4 & 5 and 8..but not this one so fear  Maybe it is me...but I hope I can figure out the issues  Otherwise I love the technology and devices	3	October 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Wasn’t really sure if this would work in my car but gave it a shot. I have an older car with a newer Bluetooth stereo. It does work sometimes, not always, but like other reviews said, when it does work, it takes a while to power on. Sometimes it says it is having trouble connecting with the app, but I never do anything differently so I’ve yet to figure out why it works on some drives and not on others.The vent clip is kinda dumb, the rubber part that holds the cord broke off from the plastic part within a couple days.I don’t typically write negative reviews but honestly this doesn’t seem worth the money. I got it from the invite program for half off and wouldn’t buy it again. Maybe it’s my car/stereo situation and not this device but either way not really worth it for me	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Setup was easy and connecting to the Bluetooth was effortless. It integrates into the Alexa app on my Android seamlessly. I love being able to use the Echo for calling up music, weather, etc. The main problems I had, and why it is disconnected now, is that there is a tone it emits irregularly, but frequently, that I assume is related to reconnecting to the Bluetooth. That's annoying. The worst thing is that it interferes with calls I receive in the car.  My phone is attached to the in-car audio system, but the Echo Auto seems to hijack it.  When I get an incoming call, it no longer broadcasts through the speakers.  I had to put the phone itself on speaker, making it harder to hear the conversation.  I haven't troubleshooted it to see if there is a fix, but it was a dealbreaker for me.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like so many others had high hopes for this product.  I am an echo fan and have one in every room of my house so I figured, why not have one in my truck.  After waiting on the wait list for so long, I was like a kid at Christmas when it arrived.  Then I became the Grinch soon after the install.  The first time I installed it, it went smooth but then it would not keep a connection.  I figured it could be my location so I went to town where I had a great signal and had a very hard time getting it to connect.  Once I did get it to connect, I asked a simple question about the time...worked perfect.  Then I asked it to play a song and it started to listen but then went back to sleep.  I asked it again slower thinking I may need to ask slower than what I do at the house and again...no response.  I asked it about the weather and it cut the first part off so I never heard the current temp but did hear what the temp was going to be the rest of the week.  I felt stupid giving it a command 2 or 3 times with no results so I just gave up on it.  I tried multiple times a few weeks later because I refuse to give up and it still let me down.  I do believe that this has to be a BETA version because the Amazon Echo is an amazing product and this Echo Auto is just not quite ready for public sales.  This version is a blemish to the Echo family.	1	November 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this for my mother thinking that it would essentially work like Alexa in her home. It is not.To use, you must have Alexa installed on your phone (I used my phone to set it up in her home). This not only meant that my mom (who isn’t tech savvy) would have to have the app installed on her phone AND keep it open.Essentially you say “Alexa” to your phone (not this device) and your phone sends the message to this device which responds out of your car stereo.Considering her car is newer and has Bluetooth connectivity…it does the same thing as connecting her phone directly to her car stereo via Bluetooth. So this device is pointless.It really is nothing more than a Bluetooth connector to be used on older vehicles or vehicles that lack BT connection. And honestly…you would be better off simply using a Bluetooth connector and telling Siri (or the Android equivalent) to play music or give directions, etc.Also keep in mind that this uses your cellular data just as it would connecting your phone via BT (unless you have a WiFi plan in your vehicle of course).I suggest avoiding this product	1	December 17, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the device concept, but I find myself having a lot of connectivity issues.  It takes a while after the car turns on and the device appears to be ready before it’s actually ready - it I ask alexa for things before that it either ignores me with no feedback or gives a message about the network not being available.  There’s also no indicator of when it’s Bluetooth vs cell service problems, so if I drive through a spotty service area it’s easy to get annoyed at the device without knowing why.The lag between me saying alexa and it listening also seems slower than with regular echos.  It’s a bit distracting to have to acknowledgement beep after I’m halfway through my sentence.I’ll continue to use it and I think there’s potential but could use some polish before I can fully recommend.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this for my wife as a gift, since we have Echos in our home, use Alexa often, and my wife loves technology (she works in IT). So far it has been very unreliable, as it only connects about half the time.  When it does work it is great, but about half the time is says it has lost it’s connection and won’t work.  Even though her phone is successfully connected to the car stereo and the Echo Auto via Bluetooth, the Alexa App on the phone is open and working, the Echo Auto device says it can’t connect.  We can be playing music through the Alexa app on her phone, and the Auto still says it lost/cannot get connection.  If we go into the Settings and click around, sometimes it will reconnect, and other times nothing changes.  Then the next time she gets in the car it will work fine, with no rhyme or reason.  With the time it takes to play around with the Settings or try multiple times to connect, this device literally saves us no time or effort as opposed to just using Alexa through the Amazon Music or Alexa apps on the phone, which cost nothing as opposed to the $50 I spent for this piece of plastic.  I can see why this would be helpful if it worked, but it has been more trouble than it is worth so far.  If I had it to do over, I would save the $50 and just continue to use Alexa through the phone apps, since they seem to have all of the same features as the Echo Auto, with more reliability and without all the additional hassle.	1	January 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have read some negative reviews about the Echo Auto and, to be honest, it can be frustrating sometimes. However, I do like it and I'm sure updates are in the works which will continue to improve it.One caution though, if your vehicle is equipped with Apple iPlay I would not recommend using this device. It seems they don't play well together. Otherwise, the device is fun and operates almost as well as my in home devices (I have two Echo Dots and one Echo and... I just ordered the Echo earbuds).I really like the hands free functionality for when I'm driving. Being able to get my music, schedule appointments, make calls, get real time information, all by simply talking to Echo is worth the intermittent (and becoming more rare) glitches.I am enjoying it and I think it's worth a try for most people.	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice to listen to music on Alexa and in the car. However, it loses connectivity quite often: I get lots of messages telling me to try again latet.	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this from a promotion from Nationwide auto insurance. I probably wouldn't have ordered it on my own though because I use my smartphone for the same functions. The main use case I see for this is Amazon Music. I think for this use case it works fine. But some of the other features seem like duplication of features that are easier to do from using the smartphones assistant (like Google Assistant or Siri on iPhone). I think this has less Alexa commands than my Amazon Echo in my experience. If the Echo Auto had the same Alexa functions as the Amazon Echo I would be a lot happier with it. I think the Amazon Echo is very good, but the Echo Auto doesn't have the same features/benefits from my experience.	3	March 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My vehicle is over 10 years old, and with the new technology of mobile phones, I can no longer charge my phone using the cigarette lighter.  It pulls too much power, and blows the fuse every time, so I stopped replacing them.  I was hoping this device would be powered by the phone's battery, but sadly it needs the cigarette lighter......which isn't working......you catch my drift.....	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The issue I have with this is that it periodicaly drops the connection and it's not necessarily in dead spots.  I like to use the device to stream Sirius XM on my car stereo.  It will work fine as it did most of the day yesterday on a 6 hour road trip, and then all of a sudden it just stops working.I would also like to find a better mount than ac vents.  I have the vents that this won't work on, so an alternate mounting option would be nice.  Unfortunately, there isn't one at the momemt, and I don't want to junk up my dash with double-sided adhesive.Overall I like it, and I'm sure the bugs will eventually get worked out.  It works better than Siri for voice commands.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My girlfriend and I both received one of these at a discounted price before they were available to the public...  our first impressions for the first week were bleak because the unit kept losing connectivity between the phone and the device.  After about a week or so I think there was an update that seemed to fix the problem for the most part.  As far as using this device it works pretty well, It can be quirky at times and there is a little bit of a delay before a response but for the most part it’s just like having a Amazon echo inside of your car.  I enjoy using it to make phone calls in the car is nice.  I only paid $25 for it I don’t think I would pay full price just yet but for  $25 it was worth it.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	To be honest, this just seems like a waste of an opportunity to do something new, instead Amazon took an already existing app and turned it into a physical gizmo while not really adding any improvement over the app itself other than having more microphones so it could hear you better. I'm sure this is probably a tool that people with older cars would probably find utility in, but it added no value to mine. As a matter of fact it causes some additional headaches because if I walk into certain rooms of my house, it auto connects to my phone and lets me know that I have to go hands free because I'm apparently in the car and I then have to claim I'm a passenger. So.. after 2 weeks of getting annoyed with this, I now have to unplug the device every time I leave the car which isn't so much work, but it just makes me question what is the point of plugging it back in?	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The best bluetooth speaker I have ever owned.  I use it in an old diesel truck and blocks out all the background noise so the person on the other end hears only my voice. However I end up using android auto with it instead of the alexa app. The alexa app lacks alot of functionality and convenience. Really aggravating to navigate and use while in mobile mode.	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I use this in my 2018 Subaru WRX (save the manuals!). No issues connecting to my iphone and to the car, that mostly works fine. The voice recognition though is frankly poor. I hope they are able to improve this over time, but it constantly mishears me. Also, I found the only way to give a command is to say ""alexa"" then wait an age for the sound, then say what you want... otherwise it doesn't get it. Not an issue with the home Alexa devices we have. It also cuts off the end of the audio for some of the responses Alexa gives, especially on Spotify. That said, it does work ok, and if they can improve upon the voice recognition then it's certainly a useful device and can be entertaining on road trips. I paid $25 as a invitee, I would be more disappointed had I paid $50."	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It cuts out, too often for me,But when he works it works great	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Wow super disappointed. I have to have either have my phone cranked or my car stereo cranked.. So then I have to turn my phone down when I take it out of the car and I changed the input on my cars stereo to my iPod almost blew the speakers I had to crank the volume so loud. Next the only way it works is to push the button to speak and if it doesn't understand it just turns off. And it paired perfectly but yet it sez I have no message but to go to my Alexa app for earlier one. Wow thats not helpful. It wont make phone calls cant find the numbers. It will tell you the weather wow big deal. and I dont keep tunes on my phone so even though I have Amazon music it wont play music. So far a total bust. Waste of time and money.Ok updateWorked with tech support. Got messaging going ,phone calls kind of work. Its really slow and bad about finding contacts unless you know the exact name. The absolute worst is the terrible gain problem. I mean you just have to crank your stereo to hear it. And so do you really want to pay rates to stream music. My final. I returned it just not worth the trouble. You have to constantly mess with Bluetooth it takes a long time to pair sometimes and then if you change the input you have to remember that its cranked so you dont blow your speakers, And one thing I have never liked is Amazon comes out with a new version and what offers you a few bucks  for your trade in. No thanks. Ah well maybe a few more versions down the road it will be acceptable.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	By far one of the worst Bluetooth devices for a vehicle I have EVER used. Alexa does not understand you 50% of the time, 10% of the time she understands however decides to do something entirely different. If you have more than one music streaming service such as Spotify and Amazon Music, it will strangely prioritize the one you do not use regularly. I use (and have a membership to) Amazon music yet I had to uninstalled Spotify and Pandora as this AMAZON device regularly prioritizes Spotify over their own streaming service. I have had more issues with this echo auto than I have ever had with a single one of the at home devices. The vent mount works for a very short time and is honestly a bit of a joke. Poorly designed, poorly programmed, poorly executed. Do not purchase this piece of junk unless you enjoy screaming profanities at your Alexa as she plays everything except what you asked for!	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this for my Camry and it worked immediately during setup, but after a few restarts of the car different days it would not connect as quick and i had to make a full stop to relink the device or wait for it to catch up.Music:well it heard me a few times and sometimes not at all where i have to yellPlus only response to Alexa should integrate more name plus the ones at homeWas placed on center console then i moved it above my steering wheel dash and still kinda heard me -It became too much trouble i stop using it then a week went by and tried it again and nothing - then returned it will wait for v2 or v3	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the functionality and integration with Alexa. Keep in mind the issues described next are most likely “User Incompetence! Ok, so the reason I only gave the Echo Auto 3 Stars involves my difficulty with the day to day syncing between my phone, my car and the echo auto. It seems to take a few minutes to get it connected each time I transition from my home to my car. It just seems to take 2-3 minutes before the devices are synced and playing through my car’s speakers. It is great for long trips but for short drives I often just skip using the device altogether. I am sure it is something I am doing wrong. Hopefully one day I will have time to sit down and figure out where I am going wrong.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's ok. Seems if there is a cloud in the sky, she has trouble connecting. I also have the premium music package on my Alexa at home, but it doesn't carry over to my Echo Auto. They want another $7.99 a month. So, I like it alright and I really dislike it at the same time. When it does play nice, it's actually a pretty cool thing to have.	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"""I'm sorry, echo auto has lost connection with the alexa app. When it is safe to do so, please open the app""Every time I turn on my car and try to talk to alexa!!It is great having the power of alexa in my car, when it actually works. The goal here is for me to not have to look at my phone while driving, but I have to open the app almost every time in order to connect correctly.My relative has a new car, and you can be listening to music over bluetooth, turn off the engine, and when you come back an hour later, the music immediately continues where it left off. This is the seamless integration I was hoping for!Also, it is pretty much impossible for the echo to hear me while the air conditioning is higher than medium or the windows are open.Some suggested functionalities would include:1) Being able to either play my itunes library (not apple music) OR for amazon music to allow me to upload my own songs, as I have a lot of music that is not available in the program.2)  Allow other echos in my library to ""drop in"" on the auto, so that people at my home can drop in and talk to me while I'm driving."	2	October 31, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn’t work to well for my vehicle. I have a 2018 BMW and I think it’s a technology conflict. Adding the Alexa auto to my phone, leaves me not being able to connect my phone to my car.I have to turn off my Bluetooth to my car to connect to the Alexa Bluetooth. If I get a call then it’s no more “hands free.”Also on the Alexa app, when reading a book via auto, it doesn’t give the options to navigate to different chapters. I have to go to the kindle app flip through the pages and hope it syncs with the Alexa auto.I know when I use my “show” and go on the app I can navigate through the chapters.I haven’t used the auxiliary cord, because that would be another connector to get,  just to hope the system works!	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product isnt very clear it really shakey and it doesnt play satisfactory......i traveled and coukd not listen to music as i drove with the devoce it is a poor constructed device dont waste your mo ey not worth it	2	June 15, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought the Auto to more fully integrate my life, but have not been able to conquer the timing between my car's Bluetooth link triggering the phone lock and the Alexa app opening to auto mode.  Navigating this barrier takes time and attention that sometimes I simply don't want to give.  Additionally, there are times when voice recognition is off and others when it seems to 'glitch' for no apparent reason.  I'll keep using, not because it's made my life better but because I hope that whatever data Amazon gathers from my use will help improve it.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited at the idea of having another Alexa device to play with, and since I got an invitation, It was a reasonable price. I have to admit that for the first time I am somewhat disappointed in an Alexa product. The device takes several minutes to connect to my car by Bluetooth (my phone is instant). When finally connected, I have to sometimes ask several times for the same command to get it to respond. It has a tendency to disconnect randomly from the Bluetooth as well. There are what I would consider, long pauses in between the music songs where it displays a (Amazon Alexa) phrase on the screen. Very strange. I'm hoping that they can do firmware or software updates to these things and fix the bugs over wifi or Bluetooth. It does work as a decent Bluetooth transmitter, it's just rather finicky.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a big user of Alexa ... Use them all day, every day, happily and oops-free.  Alexa auto is similar but... I have a smart car and park in a garage w/no phone connectivity.  Without phone connectivity, the automatic sequence connecting phone, car and Alexa snafu'd and had to reconnect once i was out of the garage.  I can use the Alexa app on my phone to play music or a book from directly from my phone via bluetooth on my car stereo without using mobile data  or initiating a 3-way connection.  So generally the Alexa auto works fine once out in the world and my phone connects, but I have other, easier ways to do most of the same things - using one fewer devices.  Works as advertised - but I don't need this one.	3	December 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So for use in a car for this to be useful it needs to be more automatic.  Seems it doesn't always connect or takes a lot longer than reasonable.  Want to use to have 'alexa on hand' and for music, so would expect that when you get in car to take off it will pick up where you left off and play same station or selections which doesn't happen.  You need to 'wait' for connection to be established (if it does at all) and then wait to connect.. just not expected or useful to me for every day use.  Maybe gong on a long trip where you setup once and it stays connected, but not for quick trips where you don't want to fiddle with connections .	3	March 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this for $25 as part of the beta program.  For that price, I think I got a fair deal, and have enjoyed playing with the device.  I would have been miffed at $50, though.Pros: Alexa in the car is pretty nice.  I find myself asking questions and other stuff beyond just using it as a voice-controlled music player, and the bluetooth link is ready to use almost instantly.Cons: The integration just isn't there yet.  For example, if I start playing a playlist using Alexa Auto, the controls will display on my phone like it was the normal Amazon Music player, but it's frustratingly limited- you can't have a passenger open it up further into the full app and control music from there.  You'd have to force-close the app and relaunch Music to get the regular player.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My two primary issues are as follows, I use the device with an auxiliary cord and unless I follow the steps of car on, phone pair to car, then plug in echo, I have to go through a 20 minute process of power cycling echo and resetting phone.  Issue two is that, for both my wife's car, which connects and plays through Bluetooth, as well as mine, which as stated connects through auxiliary cord, the echo auto will, at random stop taking input through both voice and car inputs, it(echo auto)then proceeds to disconnect from the Alexa app, and reconnects an average of 10-20 minutes later.  That having been said, when it does(80% of the time)maintain a stable connection to the app, it works flawlessly allowing for all functions that the echo dot is capable of doing.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Wished google had such device. You'll feel that lack of platform connection. It fails to detect your phone quite often and doesn't help much as an smart assistant in your car. They should think of co-developing it with Google and Apple to better integrate with the OS of users.	2	May 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Tengo inconvenientes al escuchar música en Spotify el volumen se baja automáticamente he revisado todo y no se que es, muchas de las veces no me reconoce al hablar, los cables de conexión estéticamente se ve horrible, realmente esperaba mucho más en mi casa tengo varios dispositivos Alexa sin problemas	2	May 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Although I understood a cellular data connection was necessary to make this work, it was not clear the connection must always be on to get Alexa to respond at all.  This device and its phone app need ""internal smarts"" so it can make connections only as required to accept commands instead of needing constant data usage even when in standby.  The ad should be more up front that cellular data usage will increase."	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like most people, I received my first Auto Echo by invite. My initial experience was horrible - it only worked once, then would not connect no matter what I did.  The Amazon rep finally offered to replace the device.  I received the second device and had the same issues.  Luckily, I spoke with an amazing rep who explained how to fix the issue, and I haven't had a problem since.  (I disconnected the Echo, restarted my phone, reconnected the Echo and it worked).  The sound quality isn't as good as expected- each time I use the Echo I have to tell it to turn up the volume, which is kind of a pain.  I haven't really done anything with it but play music, so I can't comment on the other features.  There is definitely room for improvement!	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Same phone, same car, same device and every time I get in the car i get a no phone connected message. Annoying - didn’t spend much so I won’t complain much but I will say this is the most disappointing Alexa device I own	3	October 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"UPDATE: I've now been thru 3 replacements not even a year later and my 4th just went kaput, too. Same blue light of death. What a disaster!I got my alexa auto for mother's day, 2021... by mid August, it stopped responding completely and had the blue death ring.Amazon did replace it, however I was told to make sure and send back ""ALL accessories"" and the pics provided is what oli received as a ""replacement""... likely something someone else already sent back at some point with ZERO accessories or ways to install it in my car.Thanks, Amazon... now that I sent back my mount, I have to get creative and try to find a way to install this second hand product you replaced my faulty product with...I would never repurchase this. It literally does the exact same thing my app does. Completely a waste of money. These alexa products are not made to last. I had 5 alexa echos/dots in my house and I had to completely return one because it just would not work nor its replacement... and now 2 of the others fight me every day, often not even attempting to do the task I ask.Once these all go kaput, I'm going to try Google smart products."	1	August 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for this product as we were taking a long car trip. However, the connection between my phone and the echo was a bit unstable. Further, the cell service where we traveled was hit or miss, so that added to the problems. All in all, it didn’t solve the issues I was trying to address. It would probably be ok in urban areas.	3	August 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The headline says it all. I never know when it is going to work like you would expect. Turns out that's about 50% of the time. No rhyme or reason why!	3	November 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	UPDATE: It still disconnects, it will play music via blue tooth, but Alexa os always disconnected so it doesn't respond to voice commands. Once it disconnects, I have to do set u mode again for it to reccont correctly. OLD POST - It disconnects a lot. When you get to far away from the car it will disconnect as it should but then when you come back to the car and ask it to play something it will tell you it lost connect. Not a fan just yet.	2	March 1, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works ok, but some of the lower than hoped for performance is due to where I placed it.I put it on the center console (where my USB port is located and since I didn’t want to route a cable nor have the cable hanging over my dash) and the reception/understanding is good as long as there isn’t too much road noise, even though it’s sitting directly below and a little to the side of my mouth.I use it to play question of the day, headline news, get the weather and sometimes the kids play lemonade stand.If I was on a long trip, I’d use it to stream radio stations, but I haven’t done that yet.It’s more of a cool thing than a must-have, but for the $20-ish I paid for it, I’m satisfied.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After a few weeks of using it, I've found that Echo Auto works as a very nice bluetooth bridge for my car to play audio and take calls. I barely use it for Alexa functions, and found that some are not available (mainly security reasons I guess). It does integrate very well with my Alexa environment at home, I have multiple Smarthome devices and Alexa all over. Though it was nice once I asked what was the temperature at home and was able to change it from the car before I arrived. The only issue I found is the quality of the audio, I am quite picky at this and it is a bit frustrating that the audio levels and clipping of the audio is very common. I have to continuously adjust the audio levels in my car. I didn't use the mounting fixture.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If your car currently does not connect to your phone with Bluetooth than this device is probably an awesome upgrade. While I have a few Alexa dots in my house and use them often, and for a long time I have wanted a car version, I just think how this interfaces with your phone isn’t perfect yet. There are many times my cars native Bluetooth connection to my phone and the Alexa seem to “fight” over who is controlling the audio output to my speakers causing the audio to sound like it’s skipping.I have also found that the timing between saying “Alexa” and then asking a question is at least a second longer than the home models, but if you wait slightly too long the device stops listening.Cool concept but for me there are too many small bugs when compared to how well the home models work.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My biggest issue is with the Echo Auto constantly losing connection with my phone. My phone has no issues staying connected to the blue-tooth in my car yet constantly disconnects from the echo auto WHY? Who knows. All it tells you is to go to the Alexa app to reconnect which rarely works once it starts disconnecting.  When the echo auto works I love it and being able to play my Amazon Music Unlimited with no commercials. The navigation also isn't very reliable when asking for the nearest McDonald's or any other nearby restaurant. It gave me one 30 miles away when in fact there were several within 5 miles. The echo auto definitely needs some work and some upgrades. I just hope that when the 2nd generation comes out there will also be a software fix for the 1st generation to work out some of the bugs.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First, I'll let you know that I am mostly ""all in"" on Alexa/Echo products.  I have five Echo's around the house, including an echo show in the kitchen.  I was an early adopter of this and it has been fantastic around the house.Now the Echo Auto I read about and was skeptical about since 1, initial reviews weren't great and 2, largely - even with my old 2011 Ford - connection through bluetooth only took a few seconds, and was pretty easy without an Echo in the car.  So in short, I have to do the same thing I did before having an Echo Auto - connect to bluetooth from the radio to my phone - before the Echo Auto can do anything and hear my voice prompts.  THEN, even when connected, it is spotty on whether it is connected.  ""I'm having trouble connecting right now.""  What?  I just connected my phone to the radio, and you're connected in the Alexa App to my phone so WHAT's the TROUBLE?""  It's inexpensive but not worth the trouble until they work out some kinks.  Go buy an Echo Show if you want the best Echo product out there, but this isn't it."	2	January 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have spent a few hours trying to set up then re-set up the echo auto.  When it works I absolutely love it and it was amazing for some of my long travel days this last month.  Ease of set up was not where it should be and I think the only reason I finally got it to set up is I got close enough to my indoor wifi that we got a connection.  A little frustrated but now love it when it works seemlessly.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Horrible!! The worst echo device so far and I have plenty. Will not keep Internet/Bluetooth connection. Driving for hours and could not completely listen to one song! Also for some reason it conflicts with the Alexa auto drive feature on the phone. A total waste of money 🤑	1	October 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does give me bluetooth to my nom-bluetooth car, but a bit clunky to use. It doesn't alway understand me despite setting up a voice profile. And, my wife loves the voice-to-text because it sends the text AND the humorous sounding (to her) actual voice recording that created the text. No way to turn off that recodring part so quit using the text feature...which means it's only for calls now. Since it doesn't prompt car radio to switch to Aux input, that's distracting when placing or receiving a call.	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was really excited about this product and for a week or so, it was able to connect though with major lag on response and play. Now it simply will not connect to my car regardless of which method I try. The lights indicate it hears me and dings to acknowledge but nothing happens. I've been trying everything to fix it and have had nothing but frustration and yelling matches with Alexa. Even when it was connecting, the lag in response frequently mademe repeat the command, further confusing myself and Alexa. I've found it barely useable and am considering returning it if something doesn't give.Update: seems to have fixed itself but it still can't decide whether it wants to use bluetooth or auxilary input. Hopefully some updates can streamline it a little bit more and fixed the lag in response time. Moving to 3 stars.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got this as an ""early adopter"" or whatever they call it.  I'm a big fan of Echo devices and have several of them, but this one just didn't cut it.  On the plus side, it seems to react more quickly to my in-car audio control system (next song, previous song etc.) than Siri on my iPhone.  On the negative side, it was frequently unresponsive after I'd turn on my car and it powered up.  Even after giving it a couple of minutes, it would respond to my first several commands with just a beep.  Eventually it just got too aggravating, and I returned it.One other thing ... why the wire?  There is already at least one Alexa-enabled device on sale at Amazon (not an Echo) that plugs directly into your cigarette lighter and has no wires."	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I used this in my car which supports Bluetooth for calls but not music. It works well at times but at other times it can be VERY frustrating. I’ve had to kill the app on my phone to get it to reconnect to it. I’ve also had it get into endless loops and forced me to unplug the echo to get it to stop. A minor annoyance is that while on a Bluetooth call the light on the auto turns green. After hanging up the green light does not always turn off.Now, I’ve said a lot of negative things but when it’s working it does work well. I use it to play music mostly but have also played games on it when with the family. It’s nice and helps break up long drives. Hopefully some firmware or app updates will fix the issues faced.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This is effectively a Bluetooth microphone for your phone -- not a standalone device like other Echos.  And it's a terrible microphone at that.  I had been putting up with the poor voice recognition of my 2009 Ford Sync system, so I was thrilled when Echo Auto was opened for sign up.  I have three Echo devices at home, so I expected this to be a massive upgrade.  Unfortunately, it isn't.  I actually find the old Sync system more reliable than the Echo.If you were to spy on me in my car over the last few weeks, you'd have heard things like:""Alexa... Alexa... ALEXA!!!... *ding*""""Alexa... *ding*... Stop *ding* *audiobook resumes playing*""I've also had Alexa kick in randomly a LOT.  Even when I'm the only one in the car and nothing is playing.My last problem isn't the Echo's fault, but still something to be aware of:It must be plugged into one of your 12v sockets.  If your car does not turn off the socket when the car is off, then you will need to remember to unplug the Echo every time you get out of your car.  Otherwise you may be greeted by a dead battery after not driving for a couple days."	2	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First off let me say, I love Alexa devices. I find them to be very helpful and they make my life a little easier. When I heard they were making an Echo Auto, I was super excited. I got this for half the price through the invitation. I wouldn't pay more than $25 for this. While its helpful....it doesn't do what I was hoping it would. It connects to Waze. It recognizes ""home"" and ""work"" but if I say another location (which is saved on the Alexa app), I get nothing. For $50, we should be getting more...giving traffic conditions, being able to say a location for travel and have it pull up directions. I'll be curious to see if they make a 2nd generation and what its upgrades will be."	3	March 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	They do not say anywhere that you need your phone's Alexa app running in order to use this. I am an android user, and this is really painful to use. You need to open Alexa app, even you need to open Spotify manually in order to make the commands work. Also the notifications are there when you are listening to music. I had to install a Macro app, which opens the apps, then mute the phone when I connect this device. This is not a good buy.	1	September 15, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa. But I’m sorry. The auto version has been a huge disappointment. First big problem is a vent mount. The air rushing past it combined with normal road noice gives me reason to have to shout at her to get her attention. The regular volume of the radio has the same effect. Listening to music ironically being played by Alexa renders her blind (or deaf) to any further communication. I have to wait for pauses in the music to shout at her for attention. Then she often confuses what I ask of her and goes off on some wild tangent feeding me information on something I really didn’t inquire about. Sorry. But somehow her ability to hear in the car must be improved. I had really looked forward to taking her on the road with me.  She’s not proven a good travel companion though.	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This has been a great tool for reducing my road rage. I spend most of my commute now yelling at Alexa instead of yelling at other drivers. If she is listening to me through this device, I can’t tell because I can’t see the thin blue line in the daylight and she doesn’t offer her friendly chime in response to her name like all her other devices. Sometimes, she will connect when my radio is on the Bluetooth input and sometimes she’ll connect even when it is on the radio input. In many cases I have to open the Alexa app on my phone and type something there which completely defeats the purpose of this device. Thankfully, I bought this when it was only $25. It’s definitely not worth $50. Biggest Alexa disappointment so far.	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I have many Echo devices in my house that I am happy with and I enjoy using Alexa. I was excited to see Echo Auto, a product that would make Alexa easier to use from the car, and make it so I didn't need to rely on Siri on my phone anymore. Sadly, this product ain't it. Or not yet anyway - it needs a lot more work. The product uses the Alexa app on your phone to do the heavy lifting - this thing doesn't actually do much more than provide a glorified microphone for the mobile Alexa app. Yes it can wake up the app on your phone for you (when it works), but it fails so often that it's not worth it.It's flaky and fails frequently to hear me. Here I am inches from the mike and I'm yelling trying to get Alexa to respond. Not good. I think sometimes it can't wake up the Alexa app on the phone. Even worse, however, is that Alexa seems to lose her connection to the internet frequently - even when other  apps on my phone continue to function. This is likely a problem with the Alexa app rather than Echo Auto, but it doesn't matter, as Echo Auto requires the Alexa app to work. If I go through a patch of bad cell coverage, Alexa is awful at finding the signal again once it's strong - sometimes I have to force-quit the Alexa app on the phone and relaunch it to get it to connect again.I suspect the Echo Auto hardware would work great if the Alexa app it relied on wasn't so awful. But as is - this is a piece of garbage. Save you money.	1	November 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the customers that got to try it before releasing. It’s a good idea but it’s not there yet.1. Set-up: if your car does not have Bluetooth capabilities then you are stuck with 2 cables. At first it was fine but then realize cables get tangle and at weight to the magnet and it falls off. Then setting up with the app was easily until the device wasn’t found. It took 30 minutes and turn off and on the device until it finally was pair to the phone.2. Usage: Alexa pairs to you phone, so if your device looses signal, so will the echo auto.3: voice recognition: It will recognize your voice when you say”Alexa” only if the car is quite. If you have the windows down. You will literally need to scream “Alexa”. There is a button to press and command but defeats the purpose of buying the echo auto. Also if music is loud it won’t listen.4. Connectivity: Most of the time it pairs to my phone really fast. But I have notice that sometimes it could take up to 5 minutes to pair with my phone. By the way I have an iPhone 11 so it’s not the I have an older phone. Also sometimes I would say “Alexa play music from Spotify” and will say “Now playing music from Spotify” but won’t. I would have to manually go to Spotify and push play. I will say stay with you echo dots at home. Don’t waste 50 dollars. If you want something to play from your phone by a 13 dollar Bluetooth radio transmitter that plugs to your car power. Honestly works better that this device.Hope this review helps and Amazon does something.	1	October 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited when I first got the Echo Auto.  I had problems initially given that I already had my Galaxy S10+ integrated with my BMW.  I did get them sorted out by watching third party youtube videos on installation. I found the Echo Auto usefulness to be very middle of the road - not great, but not bad. I really like that I'm able to ask for my audio playlists, but it doesn't work if I leave Alexa playing music at my house (I probably need a family Amazon music subscription). It doesn't handle network connectivity switchovers when I leave my house and transition from wifi to cellular. I also like that I can ask Alexa for directions, but it seems to need my phone to already have maps open.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this product because my car has bluetooth for making phone calls, but doesn't play music via bluetooth. i was fed up and when i discovered the echo auto i thought it would be the perfect solution  to my problem. it serves its purpose, yes. however, compared to the other alexa products i have (echo dot, amazon fire stick) i found that the voice recognition isn't great and i often have to repeat myself. the cord situation is also a little out of control, makes my car look like more of a mess than it already is. the cord organizing materials that come with the echo auto do not stay put and do not function really at all. i was happy to have received 50% off my purchase, but wouldn't have bought it at full price knowing what i know now about the device.	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Amazon Echo Auto is certainly a first generation product, including limited startup information that, if included, could have kept installation frustration to a lesser level.First undisclosed need to know: the volume level is so suprisingly low that you cannot recognize a successful bluetooth handshake and operation.  The fix is to tell Echo to set volume to 8 or above,  then turn your auto sound system to a similarly high level.  This actually changes your phone's media volume level to 80% or higher.  End result, everything that worked audibly well before may now be painfully loud and possibly damaging to your sound system!Second undisclosed: When Echo makes a successful Bluetooth connection, make sure you respond to the Question/comment Echo presents, every time ""I am a passenger"".  This setup certainly is not, one time and done.Third undisclosed: make absolutes sure Echo volume (it will bring your phone volume down) is turned down before leaving your auto or hooking up your earbuds.  Protect your hearing.  You are undoing what was necessary in undisclosed item one.I really wanted this Echo Auto to work a bit more like the ads suggested.  I am continuing to find approaches to share with Amazon as well as consumers that might achive this objective..."	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I bought this hoping to make my work vehicle (late model Honda Civic Hybrid) a truly hands-free vehicle because I have a very long commute (2.25 to 4.25 hours each way, depending on traffic).  The Alexa Auto does not integrate well even with other Amazon apps (e.g., Audible and Kindle).  It does not ""learn"" voice commands, even with repeated, slowly and clearly enunciated attempts. Since I commute from a rural area, the fact that the connection is dropped completely every time I drive through a zone with weak cell-phone signal makes it pretty useless.  It would be absolutely AWESOME to have an Alexa device with its own reliable network uplink and excellent voice command recognition to provide a truly hands-free, on the road, communications experience.  Unfortunately, this is not it - yet!"	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works like it’s supposed to it’s great! It plays much louder and fuller when phone is plugged to car with USB. When phone is only using Bluetooth audio is low and muffled. Using iPhone 6s on 13.1. Alexa app must be open for Echo auto to work. Sometimes when app is open ask for music and nothing happens. Sometimes music wants to play from phone speaker instead of car speakers. Sometimes it plays out of cars GPS only speaker. To fix this I’ve had to close out of app. Unplug phone from cars usb and then open the app again. Also, the response after asking a question or for music is much slower than from echos in the hope. And why can’t it lock the doors using echo auto? Like I said when it works it’s great. Maybe it will improve with updates to the app.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I ended up returning this. Of course, my odyssey was a model that didn’t have 100% integration so that probably made it more difficult to use, but I had to use to many wires and I didn’t like that you had to still use your phone to do the majority of things you asked it to do. Just wasn’t worth it.	3	August 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it works great, just like Alexa in the home. But sometimes, when I tell Alexa to play some music, she announces something like “here’s a station you might like: Top Pops, on Amazon Music.” And then there’s nothing. I think maybe it’s a glitch in the iPhone app itself. So when that happens I have to take out my phone, go to the Alexa app, and restart the app. Not very user friendly, and not something you can do while driving.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I called Amazon Customer Service about trying to use the Echo Auto with my iPhone and I found out that because of the security limitation of the iPhone it is impossible to use the product without needing to access the iPhone in your pocket. So this means it's impractical to use this device in your car if you bought it so you wouldn't have to fuss with your iPhone while you drive. Amazon, however, still refuses to say in their advertisements that it is not usable with the iPhone.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The auto Alexa isn't as responsive as the home Alexa. I do like it for the car because I enjoy listening to different music while driving or pulling up maps but it just isn't as powerful for lack of a better way of describing it. I think it may have to do with the Bluetooth interface to my cell phone. there seems to be lag that I don't have with the home Alexa. I'm glad I bought it because I don't have to try to unlock my cell while driving to use the Alexa app. That was the main reason I bought the auto Alexa. It just wasn't safe to do always, but its lacking. I got a great price on it during a special for $15 so its definitely a keeper but if I had paid $50 for it, it would have gone back within the week.	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My truck only had Bluetooth for calls so this is perfect fo me. However, it disconnects randomly at times. Still using it.	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got this product for free from my insurance company and since I already use Amazon music unlimited it was really helpful to turn on my car and just get into my music without going through a whole process. The directions, routines, music, information - all of it worked wonderfully and every time.Then, 6 months into it... It just died. Won't turn on. Won't connect. Tried using different power cords, tried using different power sources, nothing worked. It's bricked.I love the product and would have purchased it fully myself if this thing had lasted 2+ years, but if I dropped $50 on this and it died after 6 months like this one did, I'd be furious.	3	May 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use this as a Bluetooth for my monitor speakers. Since it has a Bluetooth I wish it should have act as a Bluetooth connection for any phone or device to play songs without linking to Alexa. I miss that flexibility. Right now, to access it we have to link with Alexa account. However it’s my issue, but other than that it works nicely as mentioned.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have lots of Alexa products that I’m happy with and was excited to have one for the car. Unfortunately I don’t have a jack or Bluetooth for my stereo system. My car is a little old for those, it is a 2002 Mazda Miata. So the only way I could use the Alexa mobile was to have it “speak” through my cell phone. It readily hooked up with my old iPhone, but it refuses to pair with my new iPhone, no matter how many times I try. And yes, I am following instructions and settings are correct, and the same instructions that I used with my old iPhone.So now it sits in my car, useless.	3	June 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So it was dropped.  3x is the charm.Every time I was away from house network was dropped.Actually in driveway leaving house.Regardless of WIFI calling enabled, network was still dropped.Now problem Must be related to living deep in country and away from networks.Some carriers for phone could not even make call until I got near populated area!Found a carrier that would and changed.  But, even with WIFI turned on echo would notdo anything because network was back inside house.  With phone can make call versus LTE but withecho only can be made while network exists it was tied to.  WIFI on phone makes no difference.So, I got an Alexa Echo instead and use it only inside house.  Thanks.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s great for getting music from Amazon music without having to find it in your phone. However, I mostly listen to audible in the car and I found that it did not keep the place Of my book from the car to my phone. So I stopped using it and gave it to my husband.The other thing that bothered me was the delay between asking ‘Alexa’ and the time you could talk. I don’t believe that’s an Alexa problem but just jot Bluetooth works. Either way it made it less desirable .And finally, it was glitchy. Sometimes Alexa wouldn’t answer or it would random shut off.Overall, I think this is the future of cars, but this is version 1 and there’s a lot of things that need to be improved upon! I can’t wait until they have it perfected 👍	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted this product to be good but after 2 months of my use I’ve come to the conclusion that this was a waste of money and years worth of waiting. Here’s why:1. Set up took forever. it gave me no signs of progress so I kept thinking it timed out or something when IT REALLY DOES TAKE OVER TEN MINUTES to setup.2. Alexa is useless for making phone calls using my contacts. It confuses one contact with another and then proceeds to fail over and over again.3. Alexa is useless for getting directions. The whole idea of using this is to eliminate the risk of distracted driving. When u ask Alexa for directions she replies “open the notification when it is safe to do so”. R U SERIOUS?? The whole reason why I’m asking is so u can do it for me. Now I have to look down at my phone and risk crashing to do something you should just be able to do.4. The mount is complete Trash. It sits awkwardly on my vents and worst of all the cord it comes with is not at a right angle so the plug sticks out of the side making the unit look even worse on the mount it comes with especially when u route the cord to the bottom of the mount. It just looks plain stupid for a such a “smart device”.All in all this is just a glorified voice enabled music player. Even that doesn’t work well. Alexa is not loud enough when responding even when u have all sound levels High.Horrible product would not buy again unless significant improvements were made to both software and hardware.	1	October 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't have much experience with Alexa products. I thought I would try this version, for its potential as a super bluetooth device for a vehicle.The 8 microphones work great. Alexa understood me without an issue. The huge problem is that this is literally limited to alexa. The mic is not really integrated with any other app.If you place a call, it will literally just dial the number on an iphone, but not use the actual device to process your voice, like a bluetooth handset would. So these nice 8 microphones that in theory should allow a call in a vehicle to sound clearer than a phone or even car's handsfree, go unused.I also had various issues where it would connect and disconnect randomly from the phone. The bluetooth connection would not drop but Alexa would say its lost connection.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It always says lost internet connection. But my phone has always been connected. Play music on the device going on a road trip this past weekend.  Only 1 song at a time. Always had to say alexa next song...dug the xm radio at called and had it activated. No problems then. Alexa got put back and I'm sending it back...TRASH	1	October 18, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I think I can give it an one star, but I gave it 2 star since it's first trial run on vehicle device.I had used several devices from both China and US market, and this product make no sense on every where.Echo Auto supports bluetooth only, and cannot live without a cellphone with Alexa App installed, but why you need an extra device if you have Alexa App in your cell phone already (and there's a screen on your cell phone, which can do Navigation as well....); there's some product in China has similar function, but will equip with wifi (so you do not need to connect your cell phone with this device, and can play music through stream services), also, will support FM transmitter for music playback or make phone calls through your on board radio if there's no bluetooth function on your car radio.IMHO, Amazon should provide something like ""mirror like"" Echo Show, which supports video recording, back view camera, wifi connection, navigation software supported, with a FM transmitter as ""basic feather""; or this kind of ""Amazon branded"" device will never being attractive to customers.  (actually, I do have one with similar feather from 3 years ago, supports all these feathers with 4G, and it still works great)"	2	November 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I think the headline sums it up pretty well - when it works, it's great. However, Alexa for Echo Auto likes to take breaks. Maybe she needs to step out for a smoke, I don't know, but often when we say ""Alexa"" we get a flat tone beep that lets us know she needs another minute in the restroom. The five stars for sound quality is more a rating for my car's speakers, which are quite good, than it is for Echo Auto's sound. Using Echo Auto for directions is infuriating at best. I'm not sure but maybe she feels like she deserves a raise because the only place she likes to tell me to go is Hell when I ask for directions. Future iterations of Echo Auto might be great. I hope they are."	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My problems with this product may be mine alone, but I had great hopes for it and have been disappointed.  I have a 2015 Subaru Forester and an iPhone 6, and I have had major problems getting this Alexa device to connect properly.  I finally had to buy a dedicated Bluetooth receiver and that didn't really solve the problem.  If there's anything dicey with the phone or the Alexa device or the Alexa app or the car's Bluetooth, then the whole system falls apart.  It is extraordinarily fussy.  It was easy to set up the first time and fabulous when it's all connected, but the continuous logging in and logging out and reinstalling and reconnecting makes the device basically unusable for me. It may work better on a different or newer car or different or newer phone, but my combination doesn't work.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it’s works great. But lots of times I have to disconnect and reconnect. I do like that I can play music for long trips and not worry about radio stations. The other thing is when it connected I can’t answer my phone. Wants to go through the echo when I don’t want to.	3	September 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What's the point?There is Alexa App,It don't have an FM transmitter for an old carMost new cars have Bluetooth to connect phoneIt seems to not to want to Alwayse connect to my phone and well I want to jump in my car and go not mess with a device !Update:I do not know if there was an Alexa app updated but it constantly works now so I am happyI do suggest they make one with built in FM transmitterUpdate 12/2/20Has been working well since original over a year ago, got a 2nd , both worked perfectly for about 2 months then randomly last month it won't play SpotifyIt tells me to install Spotify (which is installed) does this on both autos I have but not on my dots or showI have unlinked, re linked, re done the autos, uninstall programs, all the same outcomeI droped down to 2 stars, if there is no fix by Jan 1 2021 it's gonna be down to 1 star as spotify is why I like themIf I have to reach over and use my phone what's the point?	2	March 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this prior to its availability at a super low price, and I am glad for that. It was not easy to set up...I finally figured out you need 5 bars of cell service for this device to link up effortlessly to your car.  And, I have also learned, whenever I get out of cell service range, it’s drops again.  This renders it useless in my rural neck of the woods here in northern NYS. When I do get it to work, I can barely hear Alexa even with my iPhone turned up full volume. So, if you are in a zone with GREAT cell service and connectivity this may be a fun addition to your car, but otherwise save your money....Siri or Google can do all the same stuff.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this for playing music in my older vehicle. Since you have to have it linked to you Alexa app, it kinda defeats the purpose, IMO.  I might as well use my phone etc. Anyways, prime day deal for 15 bucks, so I’m not mad about it. It works ok and you can ask questions going down the road, so the kiddos like it.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received my Echo Auto in September 2019 and it did not perform as advertised.  Asking Alexa a simple question like ""Alexa, what time is it?"" resulted in a partial response from Alexa with the last second(s) of her response cut off, like ""The time is three twenty t...""  instead of ""The time is three twenty two PM"".  Alexa's longer responses to other questions produced choppy audio with her response cutting in and out.  After taking my car, a 2016 Subaru Forester, to the dealership for a firmware update to the latest version and still experiencing the same symptoms, I contacted Amazon's tech support for the device.  This involved numerous phone calls back and forth between myself and Amazon.  Finally Amazon's Echo tech support told me that the Echo Auto was not compatible with the Bluetooth version in my vehicle.  They told me to return it for a full refund, which I did.  Alexa did play music on my car audio system flawlessly, however.  It was just Alexa's voice responses which were problematic, and it took quite a while for Amazon's Echo tech support to finally identify the real cause of Alexa's failure to perform properly."	2	February 12, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"At the end of the day I suppose it performs all that I should expect Alexa tethered to a phone while driving to do - but that is a very short list.  I find I really only use it to play some audible books and the occasional podcast - which I could almost as easily do a ""hey siri"" to accomplish.  The biggest detractor for me is that I need to flip to Bluetooth input just to interact.  It'd be far more useful if it played over Bluetooth as a phone call so you didn't need to fiddle with inputs just to ask a question (future feature please).  In the age where carplay and android auto are becoming the standard this is a very niche product that will not age well with its limited functionality."	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not for use in rural areas lacking civilized internet connectivity as the connection will fail, and when it drops Alexa won't shut up about it, adding stress to any drive. Huge areas where I travel in NC (though w/in 40 miles of the capital, Raleigh) are embarrassingly unable to support even 3G, so it's just as well I got my device at a lower, early adopter price, and with gift cards,as it's basically useless. I would never depend on this for travel info even in 21st century areas, too much could go wrong. I stick to travel apps on my phone, which is much more reliable than the Alexa in near-dead zones.Setting it up was easy, but having to add an mp3 connection and a power cord to my existing snaking cords is messy in my tiny Honda Fit. So between that and the lack of internet viability when traveling, my device and its necessary cables remain in a glove compartment.Honestly, I could simply repeat most of the other negative reviews regarding the app, the concept, the nuisances while driving. #1 for me: without well-connected communities, roads, and states, this was a cute idea that's great for metropolitan areas, but lousy for folks who live and travel in the boonies.	2	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have never had any issues with any other device in my car. My car is less then 4 years old and  I checked the lists before buying to make sure my car and phone were able to use this device. At first, after connecting it, which was very easy, had no issues with that. Well… That only lasted about 5 minutes if that and from that moment on she Lagged badly, had incorrect answer for everything, couldn’t find my location, not once, couldn’t do anything. Could barely make out what she was saying it was so delayed and chopped up. What a waste of money right around the Christmas holiday. I Would have rather bought a sack of coal then this toilet tamale. FR.	2	November 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This connects to my car, the connection sound plays over the speaker when it connects so I know it's hooked up properly...buit all ends there. Alexa does not play anything I ask her to do nor does she even respond. What a waste of money. Not even worth $1	1	October 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the early ones to try this out and it’s over few months now. The concept was exciting and being tech enthusiast, I happily jumped onto the bandwagon to try this for $25. The install was a breeze however placing on air vent did leave that vent stuck in fixed position. No biggie however initially was very impressed but whenever I had someone in Car it was in need to it to work, it will force to connect. Another big set back, with several microphones, simple phone call quality at the reviver end is not good enough. Alexa sometime will just give up and won’t respond. Amazon you can surely do better than this. Either replace our hardware with a better one or push software updates to make it work all the time.	3	December 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn't recognize the request half the time or connect to my phone. Google assistant works just as well. Don't bother	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It worked when I first purchased it, then never works again. Keeps telling me check my internet connection. I was so excited when I bought it, now I'm so disappointed. Couldn't return it because I threw away the box.	1	November 8, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A big swing and a miss from my experience.It can add the convenience of Amazon Alexa to your car. That would be especially useful for older cars that don't have Bluetooth or anything like that. The hands free whatever is a nice and safe feature. When it all works...Unfortunately I can't actually get it to do anything more than half the time. Anything less than 3 bars of LTE, this things seem to be nothing more than a brick. My phone would play music from its own speakers with less than 3 bars, but this device struggles a great deal with that task. I have seen it do several things when it fails. It either listens to you, then immediately does nothing. Listens to you, thinks for an eternity, then does nothing. Or it simply tells you that it is having trouble connecting to the network/your phone/whatever feature you are trying to use. I did find that sometimes when it failed to play music from Spotify, it would play music from Amazon music.Bottom line: Avoid it for now. It needs improvement. Perhaps a generation 2 unit would be worth it, but in my opinion, this device does not function as advertised in too many scenarios. I want my money back.	2	November 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does what it should when you're connected to a mobile network, just like Echo at home, but it becomes a bluetooth receiver without a connection. Not even a voice controlled bluetooth device. It doesn't play music from Amazon Music that is downloaded on your phone, which is silly because it is connected to Amazon Music when online. It probably works best for folks who live in the city, but I live in a rural area and don't always have the best service. That's why I download media. I got this device to make allow hands free use while driving, but if you're offline, you need to use your to complete these tasks, which defeats the purpose (it's also frustrating when you're offline). Anyway, it would be a five star item if it would play downloaded media on command, whether on a network or not.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device sometimes does not connect to the phone immediately. Some of that due to my phone switching from WiFi to cellular data when my car gets away from the house. That handoff is clunky. Road noise affects the device but not terribly. Should be mounted somewhere near mouth level and in front for best results. Center top of dash is best.Basically the box is a microphone, Bluetooth connection and a cardboard speaker that uses the phone to do all the heavy lifting. Now that I have one, I am surprised they want much for only a slightly better convenience.Amazon nailed it when the echo came out.  This is just some decent window dressing.  A cheap echo dot. Sound quality is purely a function of the phone and your car stereo. But, yeah it’s more convenient.	3	November 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My husband read reviews and tried to discourage me from buying Alexa Auto - but we have 3 Dots, 2 Spots and an Echo in our house and I missed the Alexa functionality during my commute, so I bought the Alexa Auto anyway. So far, the only thing that she does somewhat smoothly is make a call, and I could already do that through my car's original Carplay feature. (Note my car is a 2013 so the Carplay function is pretty minimal).Since the Alexa Auto requires connection through the Bluetooth connection of my car, she isn't responsive unless I have the input switched to Media, which means that she can't work while I have the radio on. She is slow to respond and often doesn't respond - it she isn't sure about what I've asked (?), which is frustrating. I'm also having some problems disconnecting her from my phone/watch, which will show that Alexa is ""playing"" even when the car is turned off and I'm at my desk.In general, the Alexa Auto doesn't function well for me. When I get a newer car, with a newer generation of Carplay, I won't need the Alexa because the car's integrated will likely perform the functions I wanted from Alexa.So, yes, my husband was right: I should have saved my money."	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this for my 2013 Ford Escape and I thought I'd like it more than I did. I am actually quite disappointed with it. It loses connection with my phone a lot. When it does it work, it works well. You have to be careful where you place it though. I use the auto mount with it and it can't be lowered because the air from the vents makes it not hear properly. I also have trouble with it hearing me when the windows are down or the sunroof is open. I also don't like that it uses another USB port. The cord is very stiff so it isn't easily hidden or put out of the way.  I don't think I'd rush to buy it again but I don't mind having it, when it works properly.	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A bit of a pain to sync up.  drops out a bit more than a normal phone signal.  Once you conquer the quirks it does the job for the most part.  3 stars just cause it is not up to the standards of simplicity as it's counterparts.  hopefully version 2 (if there is one) is more user friendly.	3	August 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Getting it to connect and stay connected was a chore.Have not used it since mid to late 2020 since it just fell apart one day and I had no love for it and did not put effort into it any more.I don't know how well they are now, Dec. 2021, but I have no desire to see if it has improved.  I mean, $50USD is a bit much for what it was and the hassle.  I truly wanted to like it but it chose to ""break"" up the relationship I had tried to build. It all seemed so one sided and when it ended, I was relieved.'nuf said."	2	December 24, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In order for it to work, it requires opening the app. Ironically, as far as I can tell it doesn’t do anything that the app already does for you. I mean Alexa is great and typically functions well. Though in this case, I may send it back as I already use my Alexa iPhone app.I’ll write an up date later.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to have Alexa in my older car, but this disconnects and has frequent trouble reconnecting to the network and my car. I’m just not ready to buy a new car yet so that’s that. Otherwise, when everything works it’s great!	1	November 3, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2007 vehicle without a Bluetooth radio connection so Echo auto wasn’t helpful. I had to connect the aux from my iPhone (newer edition) to the echo auto. I was able to give commands like opening Spotify or finding directions and sending texts, but I was not able to make calls AND speak on them because my aux cord had to be in my phone. Cool idea, but not meant for older makes.	3	May 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Was working well with my original Motorola ZPlay phone.  Could only synch one phone per account, so when my wife uses my car, she could not connect. (Same with Echo DOT at home)  After about 6 - 8 months, I had upgraded my phone to newer Samsung S20+5g and could not synch to newer Samsung Phone.  Tried resetting the Echo-auto, and resetting phone bluetooth.  This Samsung phone could not find it, but does find other bluetooth devices I have just fine. Either Echo-Auto is not transmitting on Bluetooth anymore or Samsung software issue.  Haven't found a solution yet. Otherwise, I would have given a higher rating.	3	June 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This works well enough but doesn't fit a lot of the newer cars' circular vents. You're also expected to kind-of hang the Echo Auto by the radio, but not all cars are created equal.When it works, it works well enough. However, it doesn't always work. I definitely feel like it needs stronger microphones to accommodate road noise and in-cabin noise.	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I put this in a 2014 Honda Accord b/c the stereo is too old for good smart phone integration and b/c changing the stock stereo is complicated. I can't put a new stereo in to get CarPlay without losing some functionality.  Anyway, the Alexa works just fine after a short delay each time we get into the car.  I can ask Alexa to take me home and the route comes up on Google Maps or Apple Maps, whichever I preselected.  For $20 it works well enough.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this item on Prime Day since it was $14.99 and I was hoping it would come with the dash pad like the other Alexa auto I have, but it came with a huge vent mount instead. I am a Alexa lover but this new mount is terrible and cover half of my ac vent. I would return it if I could.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So far this device has been okay for basic things like calling someone or getting google map directions. A couple things that irk me is that if I’m on the phone when I start my car and connect to Bluetooth and this device, Alexa starts talking to me and telling me about the phone call features, so it completely interrupts the phone call I’m on and I can’t get her to stop talking.Secondly, I drive cross country a lot and even though I’ve downloaded audiobooks or whatever to my phone, if I have something playing via Alexa it cuts out when I lose phone service. Even though the item was downloaded and the Echo Auto and my phone are connected via Bluetooth.I’ve pretty much had my device unplugged for the last month or so because i find it more annoying than helpful.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not what I thought	3	February 11, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	One of the main reasons I wanted this was for easier hands-free calling and texting.  The tips insert card even has “Alexa, call mom” as an example.  What you get is a message that this device does not support calling.  Same thing with texting.  Pretty misleading.  Works well for music and things like that but very disappointed overall.Edit:  Was contacted by customer service who tried to help work out the problems.  Agent was very helpful but the issue was my device.  Calling and texting did not work on my iPhone X.  Think other iPhones have similar issues.  See it up for my mom on her Google Pixel and calling/texting work fine.  Would recommend for Android users.  Probably not for iPhone users.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I cannot get this to work correctly. When I set it up in my car the test of it going through my speakers worked fine, however when the setup is done Alexa does not respond.the blue light comes on but nothing happens.  Very disappointed.Update: I received a call from support and the suggested I bring it in the house and plug it into a power outlet with the phone nearby so it could do an update. That worked but I haven’t had a lot of time to use it.  The one problem that is outstanding is that the vent mount does not work in my vehicle.  It would be nice to have gotten the dash mount like others had said they received or at a minimum tell me what to order. Right now it sits in the cup holder!	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa can hear me when my music is loud, and I love it. There are a lot of kinks to work out because it drops connection A LOT. I mostly have it to stream music in my car (completely hands free), but I will have to often times disconnect the Bluetooth, and reconnect it when she can’t establish an internet connection (this is on a daily basis at least once or twice a day). My music will play via Pandora... maybe half the ride home? And it’s a 20 minute drive on a good day. My Anker Bluetooth device doesn’t have Alexa capabilities, but my music is constantly connected, and I would rather switch songs manually than argue with Alexa for 10 minutes off and on because she just won’t do what she’s supposed to do.	3	November 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So I've been using for a few weeks now.  I made play lists for my Amazon Music.  Found I had to repeat myself, then gave up and renamed play lists to x playlist for Alexa to understand.  Then there's the sending of a simple text.  That was the reason for giving the poor voice recognition.  Alexa would give up the process.  A simple text to my wife of ""leaving now"" would be given up on sending.  Simple things like weather and tell me a joke work fine.  But over all I would agree with others that call it in a beta stage.  Initial setup was also painful.  Best to realize that you still set your car to bluetooth phone, then the mic part attaches bluetooth to the alexa auto device.  Lastly, I had a hour long drive to a remote location.  Worked great the whole way there,  but my battery on my phone drained and I was out for the drive back.  So best to plug your phone and the Alexa in while driving.  On a positive the USB cigarette charger works well, once you are aware of the drain.  And a week later it did well for the same long drive."	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Terrible connection, it never pairs and doesn't recognize voice so it's quite a challenge to put music or anything on this device, I bought it more than 2 months ago but I'm still using other options to listen to music. Alexa for the home is very good but definitely for the car it sucks and needs major adjustments.	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have to pull out my phone and hit the Alexa app nearly every time I get into the car and want to use it.  It picks up a lot of road noise making it difficult for the person I called to hear what I say.  They remarked that the road noise and the my voice is at the same level.  This is not a problem when speaking over the speaker phone on the Smartphone.	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is such a great easy concept. Have issues with it unless I have a Really good cell signal at times. Also the Alexa app drives me nuts having to agree every time I hit the road about operating while driving before the echo auto will even work. They need an agreeable statement that you have to agree to once and stop having to agree everytimr We start and stop our vehicles. Would be seamless if it wasn’t for that. That’s aggravating as hell.  They need to also do something about the volume limiter for sound. Seems the sound is higher out of CD and radio of my car... yes I have everything wide open on my phone and told echo to turn up the volume over and over. Still not as high as cd goes.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not a bad product. I use it mostly to control music and change the song without trying to type it in my phone. It has some issues with connectivity. I’ll ask it to play something and it will not do anything at all or sometimes says it can’t connect even though I have plenty of service. It’s limited on what it can do. Doesn’t do simple things like timers or alarms if I needed it to do so. And some features don’t work very well or not user friendly. Like asking for directions it gives you one option if there are multiple locations like a McDonald’s and then if you say no you have to know the exact street name or else it doesn’t work. I think it would be awesome but the Alexa app needs a big improvement in my opinion.	3	October 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First, I’ll say it did work just fine in a GMC Sierra.However....aesthetically, this thing is awful. There is SO much cord everywhere... there’s no great way to install it so it both looks orderly AND is convenient. I would’ve gladly put up with the aesthetics if it just worked though. I have a 2013 Honda Accord, I know she’s older but she is very well equipped. I’ve never had an issue with connecting anything (via Bluetooth or otherwise). Alexa would connect, you could see her blue light going when she was listening, but she did absolutely nothing. Nothing at all. The setup is pretty easy, so I thought maybe I was just missing something & decided to try it in another vehicle. Worked perfectly in the Sierra. Quickly. No issues.I really wanted to love this lil gal, but Amazon really missed the mark with this one. I’d try again if they made updates and did something about the cords.	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I waited 6 months to finally be cleared for purchase of an Alexa Auto.  After setting it up on my Alexa App and within car, I soon realized it's limitations.  I was hoping it would be a stand-alone unit with the option to use either my car's wi-fi hotspot or my phone's bluetooth.  It's been a disappointing experience and today, I finally unplugged it from my car tossed it into my center console!  Firstly, it requires the presence of my smartphone in the car to even function because it uses the Alexa app on my phone.  If I don't happen to have my cell phone in the car, well, the unit is useless.  It also loses connection with my phone on a regular basis forcing me to unplug it from my charger and and replug it to ""restart"" it.  There is often a delay in response and in carrying out a command so my kids keep repeating a command and it just causes irritation all the way around.  Thank goodness I purchased this at the discounted release price and even so, I feel it was a waste of money.  Using the Alexa app on my phone yields the same results but at least the app was free."	2	October 31, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't hate this the way other reviewers do. Works not bad for me, especially since my car has a headphone jack but my damn iPhone X doesn't. My only issue is: Why can't it hold the phone too?? There's room in the vent attachment. Would save having to objects attached to A/C vents. Thought there might be an attachment for this, but can't find one.	3	June 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth (received it for free from Nationwide Insurance), I do like the Echo Auto...when it connects immediately.  The sync up is inconsistent:  sometimes it is immediate and sometimes Alexa will say that it is having trouble connecting which is frustrating because it goes on for a long time before it finally connects.  (The phone and bluetooth are always fully connected before I issue a command.)  Other than this glitchy problem, I have used it for directions and was amazed that it actually identifies the cross streets and gives perfect directions.  I also enjoy listening to my favorite podcasts with it, as well, and that it ""bookmarks"" the podcasts when I have to turn the engine off."	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t. It’s probably my fault. I’m a huge Echo fan and out of a dozen or so Echo products, this is the only one I struggle with. As it turns out, I probably don’t need an Echo for the car anyway since all I do is use it to listen to music and I can do that through Bluetooth.	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very nice tech	3	February 12, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	La filosofía del Eco Auto está muy bien.  El problema de este aparato es que entorpece todo cuando esperas que sea eficiente.  Puedo hacer muchas solicitudes por voz que funciona pero en sí es lento sin importar si tienes el teléfono de ultima generación conectada o tienes el plan de datos más veloz.  Si usas spotify, la musica se escucha interrumpida constantemente con pausas hasta de 2 o 3 segudos si tienes el echo auto conectado.  Si escuchas spotify directo con bluetooth no tienes esa interrupcion.la conexión inicial cuando enciendes el auto es lenta, debes abrir la aplicación desde el telefono para que haga la conexión con el echo auto.  Si no abres la aplicación demora hasta 5 minutos para que conecte.Repito, las funcionalidades está muy bien.  Lo único que es lento.	2	July 13, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So, I have an older car 2010 and it doesn't have bluetooh, so I'm going aux. So that means I have to switch to aux and interrupt the music or whatever to speak to her. Why not put a little speaker on the thing like the dot?  I'm super confused why that's not an option. Maybe it was and i missed it.	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really love the Echo Auto, when it's working. It has a tendency to think my phone isn't connected to the internet when my phone is locked.I was fortunate enough to get an ""early adopter"" discount and saved $25, for that alone, the headaches it gives my are acceptable, but I think I'd be a lot more disappointed if I paid full price.The way I see it is that this is a great first generation concept that will likely get polished in a later release.If you need to use the GPS function, you won't be able to do that hands free. It send a notification to the phone that you have to first interact with before getting it up and going. This was a bit of a drag. I am using n S10+"	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto connection through bluetooth in my car is not always reliable (albeit, I have an old car).  However, the connection to my smartphone while I am in the house over 30' away is reliable but frustrating because it tries to tell me I am driving and diverting incoming phone calls to my car speakers.  I go to bluetooth and disconnect the echo auto and close the Alexa app and I still get it back automatically!  This is very frustrating.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Supposedly the mic was supposed to be better to hear over the ambient noise, but its not that great.  My daughter almost needs to yell 'Alexa' from the backseat to get it to recognize  her voice.  After about 3 weeks of use, she stopped responding to commands.  She would hear me say ""Alexa"", pause for a command and then just go back to doing nothing.  I had to factory reset her to get her responding again.  It is nice to be able to voice control Amazon Music or Pandora or whatever you're listening to and as long as its working I have enjoyed having it in the car.  I think Amazon just has a few bugs to work out before its perfect."	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First and foremost, the connection to the car speakers is hit or miss. The only way I can get a reliable connection is by cycling the power off and on. The Echo Auto needs its internal circuits reworked to enable it to reliably connect each and every time.The good part is that when it does connect the unit works great. I can ask Alexa every kind of question and receive good responses. It always knows where I am and how far away is my destination.I have to admit that I use it primarily to play music and virtually every song I ask Alexa to play, she does it flawlessly.All in all I'm giving iot three stars because of the connection issues but other than that I am totally satisfied.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	works ok, cant text and gets confused	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A lot of connectivity issues, doesn’t connect to my car reliably, even trying to pair with the app connection is spotty. I thought it might be nice to listen to amazon music while I drive but in the end my phones Bluetooth or even listening to commercials on the radio was way better than fooling around with this product. I now see why it was on sale for $20 instead of $50. Save your money	2	March 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's fun and easy to use, that's for sure.  It's nice to have to keep hands free and eyes off your device when you are driving.  However, I find it best for music.  I have an iPhone and listen to podcasts often on my commute.  The problem with this device is I can't choose which episode I want to listen to.  And, if I don't finish my podcast on my drive, it does keep a memory of where I last listened.  The other issue is texting.  It makes voice texting easy while driving.  However, if your recipient does not have Alexa texting set up on their phone, it does not work well.  So, I use it sometimes and stick with Siri.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	All i want is for it to automatically connect when I start my car and play my amazon playlists. It won't play my playlists even from my apple music that is saved on my phone. It continues to disconnect and say my IOS device is offline. I only paid 15 dollars on the cyber deal, but it's so useless that I'm still returning it. I had read the comments, but after 2 weeks of stressing out over this device, it's just not worth the head ache. It's not hands free, I have to go into my phone and open up the alexa app every time. I can't get my music to play sometimes even after going into my phone and manually playing my playlist. It seems to be playing and you can see the time changing, but no music plays. This device provides nothing new than unlocking your phone and using the alexa app would do. It provides no Bluetooth or am/fm receiver. The map service is a joke, it still requires you to open your phone and make all manual adjustments. Overall, I haven't found a single use for this device besides causing me to age faster.	1	December 6, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car is older and without  built-in Bluetooth, so this seemed like a great option to connect my phone to my car through Alexa.What I like:-Hands-free skipping through songs-Silly Alexa jokes-Pretty darn good at hearing requests, even from the backseat.What needs work:-It needs to be plugged in all the time for power.  Not sure why a rechargeable battery wasn't an option (or am I just oblivious?)-Related to above, unsightly cords.-Constantly disconnects from my phone and from Spotify.  But I don't know until I start driving and ask Alexa for something.  So then I need to reconnect to my phone's Bluetooth and the Alexa app...which would be nice to know before I'm on the road.-I don't love having it mounted to an air vent.-	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Only giving 3 stars due to the bulky vent mount.  I ordered one of these pre-order and it came with a super nice sticky pad with a square magnet to place anywhere you want in your car.  Obviously directions say on dash or on vent but I put mine on middle console down leg level sitting and it works flawless.  I was able to do this with the nice sticky pad mount which I'm being told out of stock and not sure if or when they will get again.As for the device itself it's slick .  Works really well with my Tesla Model 3.  We use echo products in our home and it's as good as those other speakers.  Voice recolonization is great and can make phone calls very easily or play my favorite music.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product overall is just a 3/5. I was very hyped for the echo auto as you would imagine, but there is always connection issues, in my opinion, because of beta, and other new features. Thus causing me to keep unplugging and plugging back in the power cord until the device actually responded to my phone- it showed connected through the app and Bluetooth, but alexa wasn't having any of it. When it works, its awesome for people who have Amazon Music Unlimited, because you can play any song or ask any general question. When it doesn't work, it is quite a pain to fix, and sometimes I just let it go for the day because I do not feel like dealing with it. Great though for the original price I paid of 26.99 while it was in invitation only.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I hated that it has very few functions in my car however it's always nice to have Alexa around to control my smart home even when I am not at home and driving on the highway.I found a solution to the wires problem by throwing the vent mount away and putting the actual device under the side leg plastic cover.overall it comes really handy when you are driving but it's really nothing your free Alexa  app on your phone can't do.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have mixed feelings about Echo Auto. We have many Alexa devices around the home including Show 1, Show 2, and Echo; with connection to many other devices like Sonos, smart plugs, video devices, and more. Generally they just work.My main gripe is 95% of the time I have to restart the Alex app on the phone, even though its set to be continuous running, wait (30+ sec) for the warning to click on “I’m a passenger” and often the app doesn’t respond when I press the OK button, then after another variable delay its all finally working.I’m not sure if it’s a software, architecture, or hardware problem. Having a device in the middle, your phone, increases the things that can go wrong. I have a 2012 Subaru Outback and a One Plus from 2018. The car’s BT system, the phone and all its software states, and the Amazon Auto create a 'PITA to get going' system.If the Auto could just use the phone for internet, perhaps wired connection, and connect to the cars BT as a media player, and manage the N*M problem, perhaps it would just work. But it’s not there.Then recently I’ve noticed my battery running out of juice, the battery checks out OK at my last service in Nov 2019, so I unplugged the Echo Auto and the battery drain problem appears to have gone.Near, but a miss at the moment. Also the holder is also crap, just laid the device on the dash board and speech recognition was fine. It’s not up to the quality I would expect from Amazon. Perhaps V2 will be better...	1	January 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After installing, I found that I couldn't select a different name (other than Alexa) - since we use Echo for the other devices in our home this is confusing to some in my family.  Since it relies on my phone for connection, it takes longer than normal to actually get a connection since it's now a 2-step process. It 'sometimes' remembers what it did last and sometimes doesn't so it can't always just continue with what we previously asked.  There's a bit of a lag when beginning a new request and the response isn't always heard fully in the car audio - also the first song doesn't show information on the car audio screen.Additionally, it would be nice if I could use my currently installed magnetic holder instead of the vent mount provided with the unit, but the fact that the unit has a square depression on the back makes it difficult to use the magnetic mount..	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've been using it for over a year now and there's too many errors.For example, I'll say the name of someone I want it to call and Alexa will acknowledge the request and say it's calling, but it doesn't actually place the call. Happens often.Another example, I asked to play music from a certain artist and ends up playing a completely different artist and that's if it doesn't hit me with the usual ""I didn't get that"".It also goes off randomly as if i'm asking it something when i'm not even talking and don't even let me get started on how often it does it when i'm playing my music.I  also tried to play games when I was heading on a road trip once with a few people and it wouldn't understand our responses (and yes I had my windows up and we were speaking loud and clear) so just gave up on it.To summarize, I was disappointed in how bad it functions. I'm just glad I only paid half price for it."	2	September 2, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to love this, but it needs some work. The voice activation is just sub-par and is too delayed to work correctly. We don’t even use ‘Alexa’ voice commands anymore because it does not work. Maybe it’s noise from driving, or the road, etc., but it doesn’t hear the correct commands. Also, the response time is DELAYEDDDDD. We adjusted the response time in the Alexa app and it didn’t fix the problem. Imagine talking to someone and 20 seconds in, they go “Whattttt?” every time. So, then we started using the button instead of voice activation, but it’s still delayed and we have to repeat ourselves about 70% of the time (I enunciate very clearly so we know that’s not the problem). I WISHHH it worked like all of our home devices, but alas, it does not.Oh, and another thing, it doesn’t call the right people. I don’t know if other people have had this issue, but if I say “Call so-and-so”, it sometimes calls their number from a decade ago, that’s no longer saved in my phone, instead of their current number. Weird.Overall, the voice activation and response time need work. I would hold off on purchasing until the next generation (assuming Amazon fixes the issues).	2	October 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"For background I am a software product manager (former developer), own a number of Alexa devices and also have a number of 'smart' outlets, bulbs, switches, etc. throughout my house.This device gets a lot of bad reviews and I can say that my experience has been as horrible as everyone else. I don't blame the device though.. it really seems to be the Alexa app on my phone that causes all of the problems. The device boots up and connects to my phone's bluetooth right away (I can use it as a 'speaker'). That's when the problems begin.  Most of the time saying 'Alexa' results in <Can't connect to your phone> or <Open the Alexa app>... can usually get around this by saying ""Hey Siri, Launch Amazon Alexa"".. the Auto gets confused by this, but it works. Then the next problem usually is having to say the same thing 2-3 times in a row.. ""Alexa, play XYZ on spotify"" <beep> ""Alexa, play XYZ on spotify"" <beep> ""AAlexa, play XYZ on spotify"" <you need to open the spotify app on your phone>.. ""Hey Siri, Launch Spotify"" usually solves it. Then the three ""Alexa, play XYZ on spotify"" commands again and my music starts. Most of the time I'm already where I need to be by the time I get through all of this.. but once in a while I actually get to use the device. When I do it sounds decent enough."	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's not properly customized for all devices, tend to have a nasty lag that makes things frustrating sometimes, yeah it's nice to talk to Alexa but it will be much better if it's possible to connect with the radio of your car. In my case I have an android autoradio so I will expected to integrate this but only works with the alexa app and it's not compatible with my android car radio.	3	April 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes the auto echo functions as expected but sometimes it doesn’t. Alexa will obey my command of playing the music I request; however, the telephone call/answer feature is “sometimey.” Also, sometimes Alexa does very well with the navigation directions and sometimes she doesn’t. I’m still feeling somewhat pleased with the auto echo device because I do get “SOME” hands-free assistance SOMETIMES!!!!	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's always turning on when I don't want it too. It messes with my microsoft sync and bluetooth in my Explorer. I have a dash mount for my phone that the Echo is also glued too. My phone blocks the mics so it never understands me so I end up just physically opening my phone's amazon music app and making my song choice. Dont let it fool you with its slick packaging It's a real piece of garbage. This thing was like 15 bucks on prime day and I still feel ripped off. Like I literally stole money from my own wallet and threw it on the BBQ Pit in my backyard. Scratch that, I would have gotten more joy watching my money burn than I ever got with this daily reminder of my own idiocy.	2	August 5, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I really wanted to like this gadget. After all, I have lots of other Echo devices in pretty much every room of the house, including the basement and the garage. But...It was absolutely terrible. The voice recognition is noticeably worse than that on other Echo devices. (This was with my car parked in the driveway, so it definitely wasn't road noise causing this.) ""Alexa, stop."" ""Alexa, stop."" ""ALEXA, STOP."" ""ALEXA, STOP!!!""And it would mysteriously stop while playing music. Again and again. And again.And all of this was in wired mode, so Bluetooth  troubles were almost certainly not causing these issues.On the bright side, I picked it up on Prime Day, so I didn't waste as much money as I could have."	1	July 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn’t work in my car.  Can’t even use it	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love this product, but for people like me that have a commuter car and a family car this is a very annoying device. The device only recognizes 1 phone at a time. Sometimes I drive the family vehicle and the other driver is not with me. I have gotten so use to having Alexa do small things for me .... Appointment reminders, daily agenda reads, navigation with Traffic updates, i.e. that when I drive the family vehicle I can't do any of those things without doing the setup all over and that is a super annoying 😡 process.Can Amazon please allow multi-device pairing in the next revision of the Echo Auto, please?	3	May 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted this for my 2002 car, which had virtually zero digital features.  It did not become available until I traded the old car in for a 2019 model.  When this finally became available, I bought it.  Unfortunately, the only feature it added to what my new car can already do, is to add items to my Alexa shopping list!  It's unneeded in today's new cars; so I have removed it.  It will be going to a grandchild who is driving an older car, and can use the added features that the Echo Auto provides.  It should be excellent, as all Alexa products have always proven to be.  That is the only reason I gave it less than a perfect star rating.  Love you, Alexa, but my new car is already smart!!	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Functions pretty well, voice recognition is Alexa standard. The issue I have is that the screws were over tightened by the manufacturer and this cause the mounta for the case to crumble and the top to fall off. Now I guess I have to tape this thing together to use it? I like the functionality, I didn't have a lot off the connection issues others had but this is a QC problem.	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto is a great tool for navigation, especially when driving.  It automatically connects your phone to Google Maps when you request directions, which is great.  Furthermore, it 'acts' just like a home Echo, playing music, giving you directions, weather, and up-to-date traffic reports.  The only drawback is the set-up process... it took me over 1-hour to get this set up to my Bluetooth (phone) while in the car, which is required for Echo Auto to function.  I had to keep going back and forth to the Alexa app and my Bluetooth setting on my phone, adding a system and sync each item.  Maybe it was me, not being so technical, but overall, it's a good item to have when driving.  Enjoy!	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The instructions for setting this up were not very clear or helpful -  for example, I did not understand that you don’t need to pair the echo auto with the vehicle and wasted a lot of time trying to do this.  Not until I called tech support did I understand the device just had to be connected to my phone. Also, there’s nothing telling you that the Alexa App has to be open and at least running in the background to use the echo auto. Once I got this all figured out and the device was hooked up, I’m not sure I couldn’t have done the same by just connecting my phone to the vehicle via Bluetooth - this device just gives you the ability to give the Alexa app on you phone voice commands in the car.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I loved the fact that I was able to purchase Alexa for the van.  It was a must have item, since we love Alexa at home.  The set up was quick and easy, but the product has some serious flaws.  The connection is constantly lost when we turn the car off and needs to be re synced with the phone.  So the amount of time we are in the car either at the start of the trip of driving and losing connection or at each destination makes myself and the kids frustrated.  The concept is excellent, but why it cant work like the other Alexa's is frustrating.  I do hope that the continue to make updates and possibly there will not be a issue soon.	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the Alexa’s in my home and have multiple devices there.  I was hoping having an Alexa in the car would also be helpful.  I was very disappointed.  It took awhile to set up because I could not get it to connect properly.  When it is hooked up,  I have to switch it over to Bluetooth on my stereo every time I want to use Alexa and then switch it back to my satellite radio.  It’s very inconvenient!  There is a more of a delay for responses with auto Alexa than the regular one and causes me to have to ask for things multiple times.  My Alexa app has also changed since installing this product and I now have to click an extra button before I can open the app certifying that I am not driving.  This screen even appears when I’m inside a grocery store and trying to check my shopping list!  Frequently when I get back in the car and try to use Alexa, she will say that it’s not able to connect and I need to reconnect using the app.  I’m still keeping auto Alexa for now because I’m hoping they will fix some of these issues.  My fingers are crossed!	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was tricky to get it to connect, and I'm masterful at this stuff.Its irritating to not get an appropriate message when asking for something after you start the car. There is a long delay before its connected to everything. The error message is stupid saying open the alexa app, which does nothing. It should illuminate the center led when its ready to receive commands.Why cant I use it as a speakerphone?! What a miss to not be able to use the mics for a call.As far as I can tell it uses your phone as a conduit for everything, even playing audio. Sound quality for tidal etc is subpar and too compressed even when playing with audio levels, and worse than just playing from phone directly?! Not sure why now I think about it.Voice recognition is not nearly as good as the home models even at stop lights with windows up.Aesthetics are real nice, I like the packaging, its a good size and the light at the front is nice. At least they got that part right.Navigation is not great, google is still my go to there.I cannot recommend this product until they improve a few things. It was released too early imo.	2	October 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have most of my house wired to voice control. I've been looking forward to adding this to my car. I tried another product that I ended up just throwing away. This one is much better, but also too flawed.When it works, it's great. But it has a problem understanding you about half the time.. I think it has something to do with having the car volume high, and the phone volume low. I'm not sure.When it understand you, it has about a 3 second delay between you speaking and it responding. This had the unfortunate problem of if the request needs a followup question, like a confirmation, say like calling or texting someone, she will hear herself, think it's your response, and respond that she didn't understand what ever she had just said.All the while my limited car voice control (just calling features) is quick and works flawlessly.I really wanted this to work, and maybe it will improve with Amazon upstream, I know their other Echo products are much better now, but I fear these issues are hardware.I wasn't sure if I skittles give this two or the stars because, again, when it works it's seamless, but when it doesn't, it's infuriating.	2	October 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can't get it set up.	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is an extension to your cell phone but the only problem I got and maybe is an integration issueAsking directions to places requires you to accept a notification instead of direct access to directions.When starting the car (powering on Alexa) it takes some seconds for you to start using Alexa and sometimes requires to open Alexa App On your cell phone.Integration with Spotify sometimes fails.And few times it requires to resync re-integrate the device to your accountBut once started works like any Alexa.---UPDATE---Amazon Auto is only available in the USA  all Alexa  devices are somehow registered to a marketPlace  and such marketplace should have the required skill to work with such devices	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This thing worked great for the first day, it was able to open google maps give directions, work with spotify, iheart radio, Amazon music, etc... The second day, it went dumb and everything I asked, the same way I did the first day didn't seem to work. It kept saying ""I can't do that"", or something to that effect.  Also, this I guess is because offer brand new, but the mount it comes with didn't work for my car very well, but I assume some enterprising Chinese company will come up with different style mounts to make it more compatible with other vehicles and better locations.I'm sure Amazon will come with some software update that will fix the ""can't do that"" issue, or I'll figure out how talk to it in a way that it understands better."	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Was excited to receive this, but now am glad I only paid $25 for it, because my 30 day return window closed. I connected it fairly well, I have a 2017 Honda CRV. I read reviews where Alexa would not respond, well here's a new one, my Alexa wouldn't shut up! If she was playing music, and I wanted to stop or skip the song, she would pause to listen, Then go right back to playing the song or whatever task she was previously doing, Annoying? Yes but this next big was the dealbreaker. I came out of a long day at work, ready for my 30 minute commute, listening to music or hearing my news etc, and my car battery was dead. The only difference was Alexa being plugged in all day to the USB, I had gotten comfortable leaving Alexa out and plugged in while in a secure location. I have seen other reviews where people have mentioned ""USB power consumption "" being too high, and discovering there car battery being dead or in the case of one, there HYBRID vehicle completely shutting down. Yes could be a coincidence, but it wasn't only me.So Amazon, I have an Echo Plus, FIRE stick tv, Kindle, even a paperwhite. Also am prime member for years.....I wanted to love this like I love all my other devices, but this garbage and not worth a dead car battery or worse, damaging my cars electrical system. Fix this concept..""Build it and they will come... "" but in the case of Echo Auto... "" You built it, and we are running the opposite direction"" . Extremely disappointed to say the least. And after reading all these negative reviews...misery does love company. Feeling snookered"	1	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have to say that at first, I really liked it.  However, even though the device is disconnected from power and the alexa app is closed on my phone (Galaxy Note 10S), it constantly shows the music controls for the last song played in my notifications.  I've closed every app on my phone, disconnected the bluetooth and made sure that the Echo device is powered down, but the notifications still continue.  The only option that has worked for me is to go into settings for applications and force stop the Alexa app to shut down.  Way too much effort for the little reward that I get for using the device.Just chatted with Alexa support and was told that it was ""normal"" for these to continue to show because the app was running in the background, even though I close it (over and over again).  I never have these issues when using the Alexa app for other tasks, so I doubt this is ""normal"" and not a programming issue specific to using the music option."	2	July 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If and when you download the Alexa app you can use her as a personal assistant, even without an Echo device. All the Echo Auto does is gives you the option to do this without always having the app open and pulled up. I personally think this is worth $50 or less to those looking for that option OR Bluetooth integration. But at the end of the day it’s a niche item. Smarthome and Alexa lovers I would recommend. Besides that people will just complain. Also I just read a review that someone bought this for their bedroom. LOL. There’s legit around 10+ Alexa devices or more and more practical. Don’t pay attention to them. Hope this helps	3	April 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love the idea, but the execution seems lacking. She seems to constantly go silent, right in the middle of playing a game or reading a story. Sometimes, after a longish period of silence, Alexa says that she's lost the network, and I should try again later. And sometimes she just does nothing. I don't regret buying it, but I wish she worked better.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Here's a list of random issues I've experienced (they happen a few times a week):- The audio cuts out for a split second every few minutes.- The audio quality feels off, it's hard to describe but it sounds flat. Perhaps comparing 3.5mm and bluetooth isn't fair, but I wanted to point it out.- Every few days the device will ""lose"" its connection to the Alexa app. Which means you can't use your device while driving until you can stop somewhere and relaunch the app.- This may seem obvious, but it's a big pain. You can't do simple stuff if you have no internet connection. There's a few places I start driving that have no reception, basic things like ""Alexa, play"" which could easily be hardcoded recognitions don't work either.- The mount is not very firm and every few days I have to re-adjust it.- There are 2 cables running across my dashboard for this device. It looks rather ugly from that perspective.In the end I mostly end up using it as a bluetooth receiver, which is fine at the original promotional price (half the current price) but at this price with the audio quality issues it's not worth it."	2	December 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Needed new hands free for the 2011 Tacoma.  My truck does not have Blue Tooth so I have to have an audio cable running from this device to the radio.  Along with the power cable.  Oh well.  Now I have to have the radio on AUX to use Echo Auto.  But sometimes when a call comes in on my iPhone 11 running iOS 13.3, I have to select the device in order to answer the phone.  Since I do not have any playlists, I use Alexa to listen to he radio.  Changing stations is time consuming.  Not like touching a button and the station plays.  Anyway, not sure I recommend this to anyone, especially for those not good with technology.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Its a little slow to connect when I crank my car. I end up driving about a 1/2 mile before it connects to my Bluetooth. And it took a little while before I realized after you say her name ""Alexa"" you have to Wait until she ""dings"" BEFORE you can give her a command to do.And I've still yet been able to figure out the GPS feature."	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am unable to use it in India, as Amazon has evidently restricted the product geographically. The idea is good - indeed great. So much so that I went ahead and ordered it from the USA. However, the Alexa App in India does not give me a chance to add the device when I try to do so.I will revise this review if and when it starts working here.EDIT:As soon as Amazon started selling the device in India, the Amazon App started to recognise it and I am able to use it in my car. It is nice, but not essential in my car, I feel. However, my spouse hates its presence in the car and switches off the microphone each time we are travel together. ;)	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The problem with the echo auto isn’t the sound quality, or it being able to hear you. Alexa works just fine.The issue is with the user interface. You have to have the app going the whole time. And you have to make sure that it’s paired. Of course that is the case.However, I don’t want to mess with it every time I get into the car! I just want to get in, turn the car on and have it work! I certainly don’t want to take the extra 30 seconds to make sure it works, when I’m just running down the street to grab a pizza.The idea is sound and the hardware is good, the interface and software are far from anything that would make it useful outside of having a long road trip where you don’t have a passenger to change the music for you, or tell you were you’re going. For day to day uses..... it’s worthless.	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am happy with it!  I have a 2009 Honda so it really allows me to meet the letter of the law in terms of operating my phone in a hands free mode.  I can make calls, get directions, listen to the radio (of course my radio still works and has better sound quality) and ask Alexa any question I want While in transit. Sometimes I have to yell at Alexa for voice recognition and sometimes she’s slow to respond but on balance I’m very happy with it.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love this product, when it works. Sometimes it won’t work, but the Alexa app will work.	3	December 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was REALLY excited to have Alexa in my car. More for the lists and reminders than music. I can get plenty of music on the car radio. But, I think of something I need to do or purchase while driving and by the time I get to my destination, I've forgotten what it was. However, (probably just how my car works) I have to press the Source button 7 times to get from radio to this device's connection. And then, more than half the time this unit doesn't connect. That's very frustrating, so I don't use it as much as I wish.  You also have to have music stations programmed into Alexa since you can't play car radio at the same time (different source). It uses the car speakers so that's not evaluated.	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like having Alexa in the vehicle but it does not do a good job integrating and switching over to car Bluetooth.  I need to manually switch it over to the Bluetooth every time I get in the car. It may not be a device thing but a car thing.  I also have a car that does not connect Bluetooth as it is older so maybe have the ability to connect a small speaker to it for older cars.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works well for a few things but really not as useful as I hoped. Great for playing music and using Waze hands free, setting reminders on my calendar while I drive and so on. I have had to re-pair the connection a few times and I really wish there was a way to integrate more hands free use of other apps (perhaps future updates). It would be really nice to combine multiple accounts too, I have an Audible account but the Amazon music is on my husbands account. We have the same issue with the home Echo, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised. With Android Auto being offered in so many new cars, I don't know if this is a sustainable gimmick. Nice idea though, and perhaps with some software updates and more integration I may be more useful.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it is wonderful to have Alexa capabilities in my car. However, if I want to use Airplay to use Google or Apple maps displaying, I have to exit the Echo and visa versa. I am aware that requests have been made to Amazon to have the Alexa app integrated with Airplay and that Amazon has not responded.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea of alexa echo in my truck but I also like to listen to the radio or CD player.  Alexa auto requires the stereo be in Bluetooth or aux mode to work which would mean I could not listen to radio or cds.  I wish it had a usable internal speaker that could be used for normal operations.  I am considering purchasing an external Bluetooth speaker for the truck to connect my phone and Alexa auto to and see if that will work better for me.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Had high hopes because I love my three home units. Not sure if the Bluetooth and car Alexa were a perfect mate.	3	November 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing works alright, but, if you have your heat or ac going, it has a horrible time trying to recognize your commands.  In our case, it is in a convertible, it is pretty much useless when driving above 15.  (Although I am sure I have amused people screaming at the damn thing)  Also, it gets really stupid, and your music will cut off immediatly (even if it is downloaded to your phone) if you lose cell signal for even a second.  Trying to get it to play again after you regain signal is hit and miss.  You are better off using a Bluetooth, cable, or fm signal connection straight into your stereo.	1	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This system worked well on a recent trip, but did not do much more than the alexa app or an in-car system.  We compared Alexa responses (eg nearest gas station and prices of gas), and Google always won.  I will be gifting to a relative with an older car.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This is basically an Alexa for the car but in my opinion it should have more handsfree features. I can't add reminders, reminders that once I leave the car would transfer to my phone Alexa app or echo device of my choice, can't make phone calls, can't start navigation, just off the top of my head. I guess a good first release.While I'm on the subject of Alexa. (SOAP BOX) Isn't this whole smart stuff concept supposed to make things easier?  Do I really need to know who is doing what. ""Alexa set the living room to 76 degrees"" ""Okay. I'll let ecobee know to set the living room to 76 degrees"". I mean really. How about  ""your command has been executed of powerful one"". Okay I'm joking but you get the idea."	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is an excellent product but still needs a quite a few tweaks.For one the Alexa App needs to always run in the background on your phone, which causes it to draw power from the battery all the time. This also means that once you turn off your car and go into a store the app loses connection with the Echo Auto. When you go back to your car and try to get it to do something you need to open the Alexa app on your phone to get it working again, which one should not need to do.For another if you go on to listen to something else through your phone (podcast, an audio book, or music that is not through Amazon Prime ) and the Alexa app is running you will get this second (or two) of silence every so often which is really annoying. I assume this is because the app is checking to make sure it is connected to the device.If they can fix these two primary things it would make it a lot easier to use the Echo Auto. It just sits in my glove compartment for now just in case they actually fix those issues.	2	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s an Echo for your car. It was a little fussy to install (hardware was simple and clean, software seemed a little rough around the edges), but I managed to get it going after a few tries. I kept it for a few days, then eBay’ed it. I find the BT connectivity to my iPhone works better - less fiddly, one less device to keep track of, fewer cables, and in the boondocks where I live, there’s often not enough signal to connect to any device to begin with. I have a bunch of other Echo devices and use them constantly, but they’re on WiFi. The Echo Auto hardware is nice - small, clean and well designed and would likely have been much more useful if I lived in an area with decent cell service.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"As other people mentioned, this product is just a half-cooked product, to be honest, I would not even call it half-cooked, it is just a raw useless product and it is absolute waste of money for the following three reasons:- Microphone array: I bought this item mainly to be able to do handsfree calling and conversation over the phone as one of the major advertising point of the product was having ""8 microphones and far-field technology."" I called three different people and the quality of the call at their end was terrible, they all complained that it feels like I am talking in a wind tunnel and also, they were all hearing themselves in the phone. In other words, Amazon did not even do a primitive job of feedback cancellation for this device. When I hit the audio trouble-shooting in the Alexa app (not that I expected much), I got a blank screen (see the attached photo)!- Voice recognition: My experience with voice recognition and voice commands with the echo auto is far worse than my own phone. My phone doesn't need 8 microphones to recognize my voice commands in my car, the assistant (Google) works much better than Alexa.- Look: The look is just another horrendous thing about this device. It is supposed to be mounted on top of air vent with two wires (at least one wire) running down the dashboard which looks just bulky and ugly.So, overall I ""absolutely"" don't know why should anyone use this product over a cheap bluetooth adapter that you can stick directly to the aux jack and need to charge it once a week or so, coupled with Siri/Google Assistant/Alexa on the phone."	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Half the things I have said she doesn’t know (unless music related). Also if streaming amazon music on Alexa at home she makes you choose to turn that one off in order to play in the car. So for the car I use pandora. I’ve noticed that if I leave my house with Alexa playing music for the dog then when I get home it’s off. This only seemed to start after adding the Alexa auto..so not sure if she interferes with the echo dot at home regardless of using pandora. I also added destinations for work into my Alexa app but when i request directions there she never understands even if I say exactly what I have labeled them as. When stating an exact address for her to give directions too she has also stated she can’t find it (even though Apple Maps and waze have no issue).My Bluetooth in my car disconnects more frequently on its own than before.Honestly the only nice thing is the sound quality and the ability to listen to Amazon music via voice command instead of having to grab my phone.This was a gift, otherwise I would be more upset about all the cons listed.	2	January 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve had it for a while so I can leave an educated review. First of all, clipping it on the vent, was not the best idea so I have a magnetic stand for my cell in the dash board and that’s where I placed Alexa.  Depends on where you are, at times you lose the signal, mostly when you are around a lot of trees such as the park. The sound is not good, I have to have my audio dial at the highest level. If I forget that and switch over to my radio,’it blows our ears out!! At times I have to repeat what I ask Alexa to do, especially when I ask her to play Sunny radio. Other than that, it is ok and I am hoping with time they make improvements.	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you had asked me when I first got the Alexa Auto, I would have given five stars. It worked seamlessly and flawlessly for a couple of weeks. Now, it never wants to connect. I constantly have to unplug it to reset it. It randomly just cuts out and stops playing. And my phone calls sometimes pick up on it, and sometimes they don't.It is not easy to switch your phone calls over while you are driving - it defeats the entire purpose of hands free. Same with trying to reconnect it every 15 minutes when it decides to randomly disconnect. This has become extremely frustrating.I hope there is an update or something that will fix these issues because it was truly wonderful before it went all buggy on me.	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This has happened 3 times. Brand new out of the box it has so many glitches. Product will not connect has to be reset. Not only with myself but as gifts we have given with this product. Refurbish item comes it works perfectly. Have no idea why.	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like music but loses signal a lot , vt , nh,Maine, ny	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall it was just ok. I have had it now for a couple months and I haven’t been that happy with it. It feels like every time I try to use it something isn’t working or I don’t have something setup correctly. Sometimes I forget to turn up the volume on my phone, or the Alexa on my phone responds and not on the Alexa auto or other times I have to unplug and plug it back in to respond. When it does connect it seems to work ok. The sound quality is good and Alexa can understand me pretty wall. She has a hard time hearing the kids in the back seat though. If they could make it seamless and just work once you hopped in the car each time I would use it so much more.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Amazon and I have come to love Alexa.  I preordered this and got it for 50% off.  Glad I did.  Its great when it works, though it's a bit spotty.  Sometimes it won't sync with my car, or my phone and then it's useless.  Also, I hate all car accessories that attach to your air vents.  It's the worst place to attach something.  If it actually fits, it will likely break the vent over time, and in the meantime you loose most function of that vent.  Worst idea ever. Surprised Amazon didn't come up with a better design on this.  I would have at least hoped for a mount that can stick onto your dash with adhesive.The risk of being an early adopter.	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was over the moon excited to be able to have Alexa in my car with me. As soon as I got it I realized that this was probably a little bit too ambitious of a reach for Amazon. I have constant issues with connectivity where I have to literally shut my car off and turn it back on to get the echo to work. And so often I can be on a phone call, hang up, and ask her to play music for me and she will not connect. And vice versa I can be playing music and ask her to make a phone call and get no response... I have yet to look into a replacement hoping that there will be some upgrades to improve the current device.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I was excited to order this because it was going to help make my drive more hands free, like asking for directions while currently driving and not have to worry about pulling over to type the address in.  There are no instructions on this in the box, and the set up takes forever.  If I shut the car off, even for a short time to just pump gas, it disconnects and the whole process has to start over.  It has difficulty connecting to my blue-tooth, which means I have to play with it for a few minutes before I can even pull out of my driveway.  I try to ask for directions, and it doesn't understand, so I have to repeat my request multiple times, which can be difficult when I have a small child in the back asking why I keep asking the same thing and why isn't Alexa listening to me.  I stopped using it about a month or 2 ago, since it doesn't usually help with anything I need while driving.  Maybe if they make some updates so that it won't disconnect each time, or make the re-connection easier/faster, as well as making it more user friendly, I will start to use it again.	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Eats data badly ... that's my only issue. Seriously thinking if taking it back, i can't afford a huge phone bill just for the echo. Especially since google screwed me over 100 bucks on fraudulent charges i didnt make.	3	September 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not all the bugs gave been worked out -- OR, the compatibility with my car is suspect. I have spent over 5 hours on the phone with Amazon tech support (at various times all together) to get it to work, and even now it is a struggle to get it to sync up in my car with the phone, car and Echo....all the time  When it works it is great !! - I have four Alexa devices in my house and I love them all -- but this has been a challenge to say the least !!! -- I bought one for my wife's car and she loves it !! -- I believe it is worth a try, IF you know the Echo/Alexa and you are patient. Lots of benefits when she is working !!	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Disclaimer: my auto insurance company sent me a voucher for this product so I got it for free.Maybe I'm missing something.  I play music through my phone to a bluetooth speaker.  My phone has a microphone and is attached to the dash.  If _Alexa has focus_ I can give her commands to play music.Alexa auto has a microphone and attaches to the dash.  It communicates via bluetooth to my phone's Alexa -- _though it can be running in the background_ (slight advantage).  Alexa auto plays through a speaker either via bluetooth or direct connection (I did the latter).So both work.  But auto was more complicated to set up and understand.I don't make phone calls in my car.  Maybe that experience would be improved?Sometimes I'll do a drop-in to call my Dad's Echo but I'm always parked.  I need headphones to hear him clearly.	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So far I'm really excited and hopeful that this will help in the pursuit of being hands-free in the car. My car has an early version of Ford Sync, so I'm using the audio cord. What I would like to see is more details/skills/instructions for making this the best it can be.Current thoughts (hope to update as things go)* It drops its connection often and requires you to run the app.* I've updated the name of the device online but the phone app doesn't reflect this.* I had uninstalled the apple maps app and couldn't get the Echo to use a different maps app. The setting is burried under settings, Traffic.  It, however, doesn't show waze that I reinstalled.* I want to send/receive text messages, so that's my next quest.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hopefully something that others haven’t written much about; connecting.  It connected to my iPhone XS quickly and I never had any connection issues.  But to use Auto with my vehicle I had to exclusively use my head units’s Bluetooth Audio connection (Pioneer 4000NEX).  I thought I’d be able to connect Auto then use my radio like normal. And when I wanted Alexa she’d come over the radio like a Bluetooth connected phone call.  Instead I have to use Bluetooth Audio and therefore use Alexa exclusively for all my content.  I like being able to change XMradio stations on a whim and channel surf for the right song or something surprising.  While the Auto did work very well for all the Alexa features, just being tied to it exclusively was a bother.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can't even close an app. Poor sound quality. Junk. Don't waste your money. 1 month return window is horrible for an Amazon device.	2	June 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First one that came earlier this year came with an air vent mount and a dash mount. The second one (this review) came with air vent mount only. No 3rd party dash mounts that fit the recessed square on the bottom exist.My car has auto stop/start to conserve fuel. When starting back up the power to charging port is interrupted and causes Echo Auto to restart. Annoying when listening to music. I have a dedicated USB outlet for iPod/iPhone playback that doesn't lose power when starting that I used instead. Beware if your vehicle has auto start/stop.Alexa speech and music seem to play at different volumes. Music can be up high, but Alexa is very quiet comparatively.EDIT: Amazon actually called me to discuss this review. They are hearing similar complaints on the lack of a dash mount option and are accepting feedback. Hopefully they will bring it back. I'll wait for a bit before I dive into the other magnetic options that don't have the square piece.I'll also add to my review that setup was easy. Using commands for traffic, weather, and making calls is great as well. My car doesn't have voice calling, but now with Alexa I do which is a plus.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I thought this would be similar to having an echo dot in my car.  NOT that case.  It has a very limited set of skills that are not as good as the google assistant on my phone (android but i would imagine its the same with Siri).- It resets every time you turn off your car so you have to tell it to restart music every time.-Directions didn't work.  Even basic questions like ""is Home Depot still open?"" didnt work.-If I had directions running on my phone via google maps, Alexa wouldn't even respond.-You cant change the name to Echo, personally annoying.For me, its boiled down to being able to add things to my lists that I remembered in the car and setting time-based reminders (I couldn't get the location reminders to work for the life of me and I consider myself pretty tech savvy ; i.e. ""remind me when I get home to...."").Really a complete let down.  This needs ALOT of development by Amazon."	2	August 12, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I LOVE Amazon products but the Echo Auto is not perfect. It disconnects from bluetooth randomly and sometimes when you first get into your car it does not connect at all. If you are trying to use the speaker to talk on the phone it works great at first then the person at the other end will tell you it sounds like you're getting further and further away (this has happened more than once). It does work great when you are just using it to play music, Alexa is able to hear you perfectly. If you need to call someone and tell Alexa to dial the person, she again works great, unfortunately the calls are only clear on your end. With updates it make work better but for now she is sitting in my glovebox.	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was on the beta test of this little gadget.  I gave it a shot because I have an older radio in my car and thought this might extend it's life a little bit.  I am constantly having signal drops and having to unplug this and plug it back in.  Randomly it will ask me if I am a passenger which I don't mind considering but it is never consistent.  My phone connects right away which is nice but when I say ""Alexa"" I don't always get a response causing me to unplug it and plug it back in.  It is more frustrating than convenient.  Especially when you have to deal with dead spots in carrier signal.  Just okay, not a game changer."	3	November 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"If you are an Alexa snob like myself, and don't have one of those fancy cars that has all those bells and whistles, this is a cool alternative.Price point is really good, but there are moments when the device doesn't work as expected. Often times I find myself shouting ""Alexa"" to shortly follow up with ""Or don't do what I said, that's fine too"". Our love/hate relationship with one another has taken the show on the road!Alexa will get smarter and the device will be a game changer. But as of now, it needs to iron out the kinks before I can give it a 5 star, glowing review. Still worth the buy those for people with poor radio/stereo systems in their car. Just as long as you have unlimited data on your phone though..."	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got this during the invite period, and was anxious to try it out.  I have to say that I didn't understand at first that it works through the Alexa app on your phone.  I was hoping for something more like a mobile version of the Dot.  My vehicle has LTE/Hotspot capability, but the Echo Auto doesn't care, it uses my phone.  As such, I could just as easily use the Alexa app instead.  I can't really see the point of another device to worry about that doesn't have any unique function.If it had the capability to work through the Alexa app on a laptop, it might be more useful as ""Alexa Mobile"", but even then the app would probably suffice."	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	TRYED TO MAKE THIS WORK IN MY 2021 F 1-50 FORD TRUCK BUT YOU HAD TO OVERIDE THE FORD SYNC AND SOME OF THE OTHER ELECTRONICS TO GET IT TO WORK AND THEN IT CUT OUT IN AND OUT . I THINK THIS WOULD WORK BETTER IN A VEHICLE WITH LESS COMPUTER TEC .	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an Auto Echo hooked up to my 2015 Subaru Forester via an Apple 6 with Radio.com installed.  The cellphone data signals are strong, so the source of my frustrations is centered around the software and apps.  I have used the Auto Support, upgrade everything and still have an unstable platform. The Alexa interaction are fine, but the actions in response to the res quest is flaky.So here are my problems.Streaming of Amazon music or Radio.com starts the mutes after 20 to 60 seconds. You can’t unmute. Volume up via car audio or volume charge request via echo flash a volume change on the radio, but reverts to mute.  Going to the app, which is always running on my phone, and simply opening it clears the mute.Occasionally I get “Amazon Echo has lost contact with the App”. Streaming to the car audio system continues. The car audio system shows blue tooth is fully connected. Go figure.Maybe there is too many variables to get the system of apps and hardware to work.  But it is unpredictable and frustrating.  I would rather stream directly from the app.  But that does help with Amazon Music side.	2	November 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice recognition is hit or miss, with windows rolled up, AC off, and speaking as clearly as possible directly at the Auto Hands Free. The Bluetooth integration is at times choppy, and it will say I have no service when all bars and connectivity is present on the phone.	3	August 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been driving quite a bit recently and I listen to satellite radio, music and Kindle audio books. Fumbling with the phone while driving is unsafe so I was looking for a way to switch between these audio sources. Unfortunately, the Echo Auto often disconnects and needs to be re-paired with my iPhone each time. That's way too much hassle for a device designed to make things easier in the car.It is worth noting that: - The Echo Auto requires a mobile phone with Bluetooth - The Echo Auto can not connect to your car audio via USBIf the Echo Auto would be able to use your mobile phone for the Internet connection but transmit direct to your car audio via USB, we would have a much better product.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a few issues.First, in Mississippi, it drops out a lot. That's not Amazon's fault, it the fault of the unit.Second, if I have to answer a call, it freaks out, and I have to cycle per through it to get it running again. ESPECIALLY when playing Jeopardy!Third, I'll ask it to play a song, for it to tell me it's playing a station based on the song, and then after a few tracks, IT PLAYS THE SONG I ASKED FOR. I only wanted to hear the one song! Funny know if it's an Amazon Music issue, because when I have an active sub, it don't do this.I love the device, but I think it would work better in Urban areas.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This item was easy to setup, but the Alexa does not work away from the home network. I will try and see if I can get this device to run off of the mobile network, but I have not tried to find the setting yet. I will update if I can or cannot do this. Also, once making a call with this device, it will no longer play music or answer voice.	3	April 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Alexa's Connection is very Choppy.  It plays for a while and then stops for a while.  After numerous phone calls with Alexa, AT&T (Cell phone provider) and Comcast (Streaming Provider), (All 3 Customer Service groups have been very attentive), I have just given up and I live with the ""choppiness and inconsistancy of Alexa's connection.  It's a great concept product, but needs to be refined !"	2	March 14, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works as advertised but requires a phone. A phone provides the same function as the device making the device basically obsolete	2	June 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The amount of setup and security setting you have to go through to get anything  to work is ridiculous.  Once it's all setup, things still don't work.  Usually have to open the phone to use it, which is counter productive.  If you already have a smart phone you don't need it, this just adds another layer of complexity to get 3 of the largest tech giants (Iphone, Google Maps & Amazon) to play nice with each other.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto works very well in my car.  It has no problems hearing me over my music or when windows are open.  The only reason why it does not get 5 stars is that the app you need to use it on your phone will drain your battery very quickly.  Worst battery draining app on my phone by far.  Amazon really needs to fix this.	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I missed Alexa when I was driving and thought his would be great, but somehow it's not.  Mostly I wanted Alexa in the car to answer random questions while I listen to other things (or nothing at all) but it's not possible to use the device's built-in speaker.  I either have to use the AUX jack or pair it with my radio (and switch over to the applicable setting each time) OR direct the audio to come out of my iPhone's built-in speaker, which is what I have chosen to do for now.It paired with my phone and my car radio fine although it seems to take a while to get going when I first start up.  Navigation directions still require physical interaction with my iPhone but Alexa will at least tell me where I am when I ask.  Beyond that I haven't asked her to do much more because I don't especially like listening to her out of my iPhone speaker.Hoping I will have the option of using her built-in speaker and seeing what improvements come in the future.  I bought this Alexa by invitation and at a significant discount so not a huge loss if it fizzles.	2	November 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon apparently put a lot of thought into the design and they got a lot of things right but it can't overcome a couple inherent issues. It requires a solid cell phone signal all the time. Without this Alexa is dumb as a brick. Also, the cords are kind of a mess and hang in front of some controls and whatnot. There's no good way to route the cords and it absolutely needs them. Finally, the Echo Auto does not mount solidly in the air vent. It relies on a friction fit with the rubber mount they supply and it's not quite enough. The voice recognition is impressive and when Alexa has a good cell signal available she's brilliant.	3	February 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to like Echo Auto so much, especially after waiting for it. But it just doesn’t hold up to the realities of the environment it’s in, despite nailing the voice recognition.Even the smallest dead spot causes the device to fail, even with streaming media that should be capable of compensating.And it frequently has trouble finding my phone, requiring resetting the device.And I can’t change the wake word to the preferred two-syllable “Echo”.The crucial mistake made in design is the device does not stand alone as an Alexa device. It relies on the phone to be the Alexa brain, instead of connecting to the hotspot and operating like a typical  Echo device.Ultimately, I can’t say Amazon has elevated this above the Roav device.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto had the potential to be cool, but it's not. It only works if you have your car audio system setup to listen to your cel. phone's audio via bluetooth. I don't use my cel. phone to listen to music (in my car or elsewhere). I listen to the XM radio in my car, so Alexa's responses to commands/requests cannot be heard. I suppose you can set it up to play through the car's hard-wired audio jack, but I'd need to have the car radio setup to listen to that audio jack, and again, I don't do that! If I did want to listen to bluetooth or audio jack, it'd require constant data usage. I have unlimited data, but I don't choose to use it that way. I'm sad that the Echo Auto can't (or doesn't) use its own internal speaker. I can't get it to do navigation at all. Siri's better in many ways for in-car operations. The other problem is the mounting clip that ONLY works on the A/C vent! Come on! I live in Arizona! I cannot afford to block the cool air coming out of my car's air conditioning system in summertime! There simply MUST be some better way to deal with this problem!	2	November 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to start off by saying I love Alexa Echo Dots that I use in my home. The Echo Auto has way to many hiccups. I recently went on a 9 hour road trip..Pros:-I now have access to my Amazon music in my car via voice control.-I can ask Alexa to call (contact name), and it uses my car’s speakers when making a phone call.-With Music Unlimited we can take turns asking for different songs that everyone in the car likes.Cons:-My phone doesn’t like how the Alexa App drains the battery. Therefore it constantly loses connection.-Alexa would not communicate with my phones location to give me traffic update.-I have to press the power button on my phone so Alexa can regain connection (not ideal if no passenger).-My car is older so it doesn’t connect via Bluetooth, this means I have to use an Auxiliary cable coming from my phone. In between songs there is a buzzing noise.I do get frustrated with Echo Auto. I figure that as time passes on Amazon will work out the kinks. Hopefully, I can figure out how to get Alexa to give me directions and traffic info for future trips.	2	November 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is just ok. If you have the Alexa app on your phone it does the same thing. It would be much better if two phones could be paired to it - the way it works there’s no way to connect another phone to the device so if I’m driving one of the other cars I can’t use it at all.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This worked great...for about about 4 days.  I thought it was going to be a keeper, so I threw away the box, the paperwork, everything that came with it.  The echo must have known as soon as the trash truck came and took the trash, because shortly after that, it started giving me all sorts of problems. At times, I could be sitting in the car with no music and the air barely blowing and I would say ""Alexa"" several times and it would never respond.  When it finally would respond, it would start to do what I told it to do, then would just stop, and do nothing.  Other times, it could not connect to my phone, via Bluetooth, when it was less than 2 inches away from it.  Then, when I am on the phone, getting out of the truck holding the phone in my hand, it would suddenly connect and the phone call would start going through the truck as I am walking away.  Several times I would ask it to play the Audible book I am listening to, and instead of it picking up where I last left off, it would start the book over again.  When I have the phone connected via a cable doing Apple carplay, this never happens.  It only worked for a few days, then it was a horrible waste of money.  Its a good thing I only paid $25 for it because now it is in the trash, soon to join the box and everything else that came with it.  This is a great idea, but a poor poor execution.  Avoid buying this, dont waste your money."	1	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I connected the echo auto in my 2017 Subaru Outback. For typical stuff like the weather, flash briefing, etc. it works fine. There is a bit of a delay after you say the wake word and that can throw you off a bit.If you have Amazon music or another music streaming service (and unlimited data) it works similarly to the original echo. If you do not have unlimited data like I do, I found some limitations. It does not appear to be able to find my downloaded Spotify playlists. Further, I found it was unable to sync my audible book to the furthest point, so going back and forth between my phone and the car was an irritation.I haven't used it that much, so I don't have more to share at this time.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My Nissan rogue has Bluetooth integration but the voice activation is clunky. My Ford used to have much better voice commands from the steering wheel so when echo Auto came out I hopped on the invitation.The main issue I have with this device is that it has to be through your Bluetooth speakers. My Rogue does not automatically switch the input if I'm listening to the radio and I ask Alexa a question. So I ask a question and I hear nothing unless I cycle through the inputs to get to the Bluetooth.Why is there no option to just use the speaker on the Auto? It's obvious that it has its own a speaker during setup or when reconnecting. I don't always want Alexa to break through my radio with her answer. I turn off my GPS audio directions for this very same reason.I still have it in my car but it is used very seldomly.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Surprisingly annoying if you don't have Bluetooth. My car doesn't have Bluetooth, and while Alexa will answer questions and play music through the aux cord for me when I try to make or receive calls the audio will ONLY come through my phone's speakers. Spent an hour on the phone with customer service, and they pretty much just told me it wasn't supposed to happen and they would create a ""ticket"". I just returned it after a week or two. Also, it is annoying to have two cords coming out of the device cluttering up your dashboard area.UPDATE: I bought another, and this one works. I would’ve updated my rating to 3 stars (1 for the first 5 for the second) but the new one stays on all the time. I turned my car off, went inside, then an hour later my phone paired with it again. It’s annoying that there is no way to just turn it off. I have to unplug it every time I get out of the car."	2	September 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Really love the tech and the concept! The alexa functionality works really well and connects well with my car and phone. The only issue is with phone calls. Sounds great on my end, but the people on the other send say they are getting a lot of feedback (can hear themselves or echo sound). other than that I would recommend.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I thought I would never be the ""smart life"" kind of person. However, I have smart lights, echos, garage door, etc. I thought this would be cool to test out on the invite. I can say, I am not a fan. I already have a smart phone that can be used through my car and use the same amount of my data and less cords all over my car. If I had an older car that did not hook up to my phone, maybe this would be ideal. But having to use my phone data, extra chords hanging all over and Alexa not being able to really do more than what I have already, I wouldn't spend the money right now. Maybe I am missing things that it can do, but right now, its not worth the money."	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My friends or who ever I am talking to have a problem hearing me using the auto echo. I have to use my iPod for hands free conversation. Once in awhile the auto echo have a problem syncing up with my phone. I have to unplug the auto echo and close out the app on my phone. I wish it auto connect to my phone Or have the option instead of Me going into telling it that I am a passenger since I am by myself. Other than that it is a good device. I put it into all three of my Vehicles	3	July 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love the concept but there are many bugs to work out it seems.When it works it’s awesome!  I love it.But there are some issues that I’m certain they will work through.-The unit loses connection often-Unit stays connected and playing even after you leave the car.-Often times it takes 4-5 minutes for the unit to reconnect with my phone.-It takes multiple commands to get started-Often there is a pretty long delay between commands and the unit taking action.-Calls work well hands free but the unit does not continue where it left off after a call comes in or is made.Once they work out the bugs it will be a great option for drivers. So it’s definitely worth a try but patience will be need to start.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There’s no point of it just get the Alexa app it talks through your phone anyway the actual device does not speak it’s still speaks through your phone pointless and I love the Alexa devises	1	November 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's okay when it works  it seem to be offline also	3	December 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really enjoy Alexa as a general concept and functionality. I feel like it brings practicality to every day life. Which is why I decided to purchase Alexa for my car because it’s hands free, I don’t have to search for songs while driving. It’s a safe bet. However, me yelling at Alexa to turn on and register what I’m saying is a little less helpful. Connecting to Alexa can be easy.. or sometimes it can be really hard. This is definitely a beginning stage of Alexa Auto where they’ll need to work out some of the kinks.. but once they do, I 100% would recommend it to anyone. Because regardless, it’s still safer than browsing for music, podcasts, calling or texting people while driving. Great idea coming up with this idea!! Love it.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love this and fight with it all at the same time! Most errands are just long enough for maybe one or two songs, so it's super frustrating when you are almost to your destination and it's still trying to connect to your phone or the network. I would say 80% of the time it immediately connects when I get in my car, and the other 20% of the time, I'm yelling at it all the way to the store. Pretty neat thing though!	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m an Amazon customer. I have Alexa throughout the home, I buyMy music from Amazon, and most of my collection is stored with Amazon. This seemed like the perfect add-on. It wasn’t though.Since the Amazon music app is my primary music player, it’s usually open on my phone, so I get Alexa access that way. I had hoped that this would provide better results when I try to change songs or what not by voice because Alexa doesn’t work if the phone is locked...and it does.However, Alexa doesn’t hear me well with music playing at highway levels, often not even lighting up with the wake word, then only understanding me about 50% of the time.  I have much better luck with Siri honestly.Functionality is not what it is in the home and honestly I expected it to be better since the phone has GPS ability so it should know where I am at all times. Unfortunately mapping is not smooth and easy and often requires me to touch the phone...which is the whole reason for having an AI in the car with me.I’m not saying it’s not useful, it just isn’t quite ready for prime time yet.	2	November 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Although I got it with a great deal of discount but I do not see the value of it especially if your car has a Bluetooth  connection. Audible is not not working properly between the app and the eco auto. All in all it does not worth it especially at the full price.	3	August 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to use Echo Auto. But...CONS:(1) Killed my car battery(2) Nagging safety message before I drive. “I’M A PASSENGER”PROS:(1) small and convenient – put in my purse/bag and use it anywhere.MORE DETAILS:My car is a Ford Explorer Sport 2017 – it’s only 2 years old. Battery died in 3 days after installing Echo Auto. Coincidence? How is this possible??I was at Costco during my lunch break and it was a hassle for AAA to find and re-start my car in the middle of a busy parking lot. AAA guy said my battery is completely DRAINED. The guy said it’s common for accessories to drain the car battery. I had to go to Pep Boys to purchase a brand new battery for $120.Another annoying feature – each time I leave the car and come back a few minutes later, Echo would ask me to go to my iPhone and open the Alexa App to connect and confirm “I’M A PASSENGER”.  This is very inconvenient because I have to pull out my phone from my bag every time. Sometimes I don’t have the time to do this, so I pull out my phone, search for Alexa, go thru the menus - WHILE I’M DRIVING. So doesn’t this “safety” feature defeat that purpose?The only positive – it’s small and light weight.  I will not use it in my car - ever. It’s not worth the risk of having my car battery die again. But I bring it with me while I’m traveling and I just leave it in my bag and plug it into my portable battery pack.	1	October 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Everytime you touch it it falls apart and it doesn't connect right away you have to struggle with it and sometimes it doesn't connect step. Out of everything that I have purchased this is my biggest disappointment. I have yet to send it back only because I am trying to work it out even though it comes apart into two 2 pieces. it's falling off the stand and it came apart I had to snapkit back together	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this from the invite and thought it would be great.But after getting it and setting it up the function is minimal at best.First, the connection to the Alexa app is spotty. If the connection is lost you do not know about it.Second, I almost impossible to link this up with Waze, or any other navigation program to find routes by voice. I have not been able to get this to work at all.Third, the connection with the Audible app is also spotty. Most likely due to issues with connecting to the Alexa app. The unit will say she is having trouble connecting to the app, then all of a sudden start the book. Then other times there will be no response. Also, the connection to the audible app does not always mark the correct finish point on what its reading, so when you start up you may be at a place that has already been read.The good.The unit does hear your voice commands well even with road, wind or music noise.Hopefully Amazon fixes most of these software based issues. I would love to have a car based Alexa system to go with my whole home automation system.	2	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Is finicky, is rather delayed, probably because it works off my phone, but it does what is supposed to do, it's alexa in my truck, I just have to wait for it to react before I can use it, slow but egh if I'm driving I can just go my truck not bad.	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well, hard to really write one. Got this in great time, was looking forward to it. Tried setting up with my phone, there was no 'echo auto' on my Alexa app, which was up to date. Tried my Ipad, yep that worked and had the Echo Auto selection. I dug deeper and found my Android had to be at 5.1, and I am at 5.0 and can't update to higher version. OMG, I have over 30 Alexa devices with my Echo Dots which all work fine. What was someone thinking not making these compatible like most other devices? Think of the investment people make on phone and tablets, then make everything you just did obsolete because of firmware?? I work in technology, I get 'change'. But really...	3	November 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't know if it's the colder weather (not even REALLY cold yet) but I've noticed the last few weeks that this thing won't turn on when the power comes on.  If I unplug it and plug it back in it will...otherwise if you wait a while and I couldn't say how long because I have never timed it but it eventually turns itself on...anywhere from 10 minutes to 30 minutes into a trip?  It's odd.  Other than that I've really liked having it in the car.	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was looking for a device to put my music while using my cellphone for traffic and GPS purposes. I was tired of my music to been interrupted while the Waze app or the google maps app was giving me directions. though this would work different but despite of putting my music from the Alexa device the apps still interrupt the music while giving directions.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is really nice to have, but it is not easy to set up and doesn't work with all cars only certain ones.  I don't want to use only on aux channel. To difficult when driving and I haven't really tried much on it yet.  Just figuring it out yet.  When it can work with all kinds of systems over regular audio like you phone does then this would be spectacular.  Until then I will only give it 3 Stars.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Integration: Device has no option to connect to my vehicle’s WiFi and unlimited data plan. Only works through my phone and its limited data plan. I think I’d rather put a real Echo in my car. Additionally, since I have Apple Car Play and Android Auto, my phone makes for a better assistant in the car than the Echo Auto does. Echo Auto can give directions, for instance, but it cannot pull up my destination in Apple Maps.Voice Recognition: If the device itself says “Alexa”, it will interrupt itself and try to listen for a command. This is dumb. Also cannot be used while radio is playing as it will just keep listening to the radio.Sound Quality: It’s fine.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Tiene problemas para reconocer o escuchar la voz cuando el vehículo está encendido.Así se lleven las ventanas cerradas y sin aire acondicionado encendido o la radio encendida, el dispositivo no reconoce fácilmente la voz y se debe hablar muy alto.	3	September 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this in a whim due to Prime Day deals. I’m disappointed in that it doesn’t seem to integrate with my car very well via Bluetooth. It almost seems I am troubleshooting just as often as I use it. It might not be integrating with my phone well enough and that may well be the problem. But everything else I own that works through my phone as a jumping stone to my car stereo works.Two stars but adding one for benefit of the doubt.	3	November 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s great when it works but too often I find that it connects but doesn’t understand commands. I can ask it to play music and I just get beeps. If I ask for directions it gives them and again I ask for music and still an issue. It could use some improvements.	3	August 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pretty underwhelmed by this product. I really wanted to love it, but I can’t. Initially, I was excited to be able to play music or navigate somewhere hands free by just asking Alexa.. but it doesn’t quite work that way. Often times, a simple, “play (insert artist name here)” or “navigate to gas station” would just offer a confused ding afterward instead of actually following through. It also would randomly detect that I wanted its attention when I didn’t, and would chime in out of nowhere.Despite the fact that this device just doesn’t deliver technologically, it also has an extremely cumbersome CORD that has to be plugged into your car somewhere. I’m not a fan of exposed wires or cords of any kind; and what’s worse, is the little crosshair piece on the mount that’s meant to sort of control the cord fell off the first day!I gave this a fair shot, attempting to use it for a month until I decided to return—two days late of the return window. Now I guess it’ll be going to Goodwill. One star for effort, and another for fast connectivity (after set up was complete) via Bluetooth upon starting car. But that isn’t enough to make a great product. Good try!	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like the echo ecosystem. I really do. Responsive. Picks up and understands my voice. Controls lights, heaters and other appliances superbly.This feels like a pre-alpha  or proof of concept device.It constantly drops the connection. Either the microphone is starting to go, or the software is buggy, but i've found that it understands me less and less as the time goes by.Right now, when it feels like connecting, it's nothing more than a glorified bluetooth speaker.Edit 1: Amazon sent me a refurb in exchange to the old unit. I switched over to spotfiy since then. The item seems worse than the old one. It will acknowledge the song request but never play it. Come on man. At this point in time ALL i want it to do is to play music. That's it. The bar has been set low for a ""smart"" device and it's failing miserably at that.Note that my home echo dots have zero issues with playing music on spotify.Edit 2: Now there's significant static when I attempt to play any music or audio. The cable is not the issue.I wanted to love it, I really did. It was a cool concept and would have modernized my car. I wonder what the 2nd generation, if it ever comes, will be like. Though i'd be a bit gun-shy to say the least in dropping cash for it.Perhaps Amazon gave up on the concept of a car echo. I don't even see it as an option to trade in for 25% off another echo. That speaks volumes. There goes my plan to get an echo studio."	1	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was very excited to get this, but what a huge disappointment.  Two show-stopper issues in my view:1) You can't just say ""Alexa, what's the weather"".  You have to say ""Alexa"", and then wait for a beep.  This is terrible.  It throws off your whole flow.  This needs to be consistent with Alexa UI in your home.2) You need to be listening via bluetooth for Echo Auto to work.  I listen to XM all the time, so Alexa is never available to me unless I play around with my car radio to switch inputs.  Sorry to say that Google figured this out along time ago with the Google Maps app.  If they don't detect an ""active"" BT connection, they use your phones calling feature instead, and you hear the navigation instructions over your cars hands-free audio.  The quality is a little lower, but who cares... it stops the radio, says the directions, and then the radio resumes.  This is a vital, practical feature for Echo Auto.Unfortunately I tried to use this for about 3 days, and got so frustrated i threw it in my glovebox where it will stay.Keep tryingBill W"	2	October 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love all of my other Alexa devices but this one drives me crazy half of the time. If I don’t have almost perfect service then she “is having trouble connecting to the network” and the music will stop playing. (In places Amazon music has always worked before) but it is awesome to have her in the truck where I remember the most stuff to add to lists!!!	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great device. Would’ve given it more stars but once you get a phone call while you’re playing a song it doesn’t go back to playing the song. So if you’re listening to a song and the phone rings and you answer it and you’re on the phone for a few minutes when you hang up it should automatically resume but it doesn’t do it all the time, it’s intermittent.  Also had trouble initially setting it up, it refused to respond and I had to call in to tech support to get it set up.  Apparently had an issue with the new iOS software at the time.  Other than that a cool little device, use it daily.  My whole house runs on Alexa so it was the logical next step.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In reality this is nothing more than an input output module for the Alexa app. Voice recognition is not as good as it was with my Amazon Echo Input. Setup was much easier than the Input.Using the Auto the audio interacts with other apps running on the phone and can be troublesome. For example I run the Lyft app and if Lyft generates an audio notification then the music from the auto drops to half volume and stays there until the device is restarted.Having had both I would suggest you are better off getting an Input and toughing it through the setup.  The Input gets data from your hotspot and does not need the phone app except for setup. The Auto requires the phone app to be running at all times.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great concept but needs work. It will lose connection to the app while still connected to Bluetooth guessing it’s a software problem unplugging it and plugging Alexa auto back in will sometimes fix the issue. I would be nice if it was a standalone extension of the app  I can have it connected and working fine but if on of my kids is using my phone to play while driving you hear whatever game is being played over the car speakers. The mount works great in my vehicle but I can see where it won’t in others and block air flow need other options for mounting maybe a stick on pedestal mount.  Otherwise like I said it’s a good idea but needs work maybe a software update could help with the common issues.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When this thing works, it is pretty great. However, it often loses connection with my phone. Also, it has a weird habit of playing the same 10 Christmas songs when I ask for holiday music. This does not happen with my home echo. It struggles most with music genres. If you ask for a specific song, it works pretty well. If you ask for say holiday music or  contemporary Christian, you’ll either get silence or a very small set of songs repeated endlessly. These things don’t happen with my home echo. It is worth the $15 I paid. I wouldn’t pay a penny more than that. It’s too glitchy.	2	December 10, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the ability to ask Alexa to skip songs from my play list and answer or ignore calls.  However, this devices connection to my phone keeps dropping as I am driving which as you can imagine can be a road hazard.  I find that I have to have my phone within about six inches of the device for it to connect properly.  If Amazon can work out the connectivity issues with this device it would be a five star all the way.	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've noticed that the Amazon devices, overall\typically, tend to respond better to a higher frequency, or a higher pitch.  If your voice is low or deep, the recognition\response is not great at all.  If your voice is higher, it understands you more easily.  I find that if I speak in my normal voice, Alexa devices understand me ""ok"", but when they do not, if I purposely raise the pitch\timbre of my voice, it almost always responds.  To me, this is something Amazon needs to fix, as expressly\consciously needing to speak in a higher frequency would be the equivalent of a ""work-a-round"" or a hack.  Amazon people... if you're reading this, PLEASE make Alexa pick up on and respond to people with lower\deeper voices!"	3	November 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The install is easy but the connectivity is a hassle . Sometimes it hooks up other times it tells me there is no connection	3	November 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does not have a touch screen,  Why do they ask how I like it?  In order to use this thing, you must, every time:  connect Alexa to phone Bluetooth, connect phone to auto entertainment blue tooth, run Alexa app in foreground (not background). Then go to Bluetooth Audio on car entertainment system.  This replaces the satellite radio.  You cannot have both at the same time.  So, if I rely on Alexa Auto, my satellite radio subscription  is wasted.  Then, I can get the Serius XM stuff I’ve already paid for on Alexa with Amazon Prime, that I have also paid for.  Of course, I can send commands from the car to everything in my house.  But, I can do that with the Alexa app on my phone using the cellular data network.  Similarly for everything...  I can even ask questions using my phone and the Alexa app.  The Auto Alexa also has frustrating latency.  The same things can be accomplished on the phone immediately.  Bottom line:  I can do anything that Alexa Auto does with just my smartphone on Bluetooth....and I can use my Serius subscription simultaneously.  What a bad idea!	2	October 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It properly recognizes what you’re saying about half the time in the auto compared to how well it works on a regular echo. It could be a Bluetooth problem. there’s also the integration problem with the iPhone. It randomly starts playing music without you touching anything. Once it starts playing that music, it now can’t hear you when you ask her to stop. Talk about substandard, this product is it.Product managers - hope you see this.	1	September 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i PURCHASE THIS BECAUSE I AM A LOVER OF ALEXA AND WHAT SHE CAN DO.HOWEVER, THIS PRODUCT IS STILL NOT PERFECTED. OFTEN, I HAVE TO TAKE THE PLUG AND USB PORT OUT TO GET ALEXA TO WORK. SOMETIMES IT SAYS THAT I AM PLAYING MUSIC ON ANOTHER DEVICE AND IM NOT. THE DIRECTIONS ARE STRANGE..FOR LONG PERIODS OF TIME IT DOES NOT SAY A WORD. YOU BEGIN TO WONDER IF ITS WORKING. THERE IS AN INTERRUPTION OF YOUR MUSIC IF SOMEONE TEXTS YOU. I DONT KNOW IF IT CAN READ TEXTS..HAVENT TRIED THAT. BECAUSE I AM A PRIME MEMBER I SUPPOSED, I GOT IT FOR HALF THE PRICE SO I GUESS WILL HAVE TO DO. i SHOIULD HAVE RETURNED IT LONG TIME AGO. MY LOSS. THERE ARE GLICHES IN THIS DEVICE THAT NEED FIXING	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto has a lot of potential. I was lucky to get this product via invitation a few months ago, but as time went on, it became progressively buggy and unresponsive. Sometimes Alexa won't respond and it'll glitch out forcing me to unplug the car charger and plugging it back in again. Also, for some reason the app in relation to Echo Auto will not register my home address. For example, when I ask Alexa to take me ""home"" after inputing my address into the app, alexa tells me my home address isnt there. Its extremely frustrating. On the plus side, Spotify works very well with it the Echo Auto. I do believe this product has a lot of potential and likely just needs some time to get the glitches and bugs fixed."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have a smartphone and a vehicle which bluetooth capabilities (both of which you need to make this work), then you can skip buying this extra gadet that acts as a middle man between your phone and your car.  Most phones come with a drive mode or voice control mode. Make amazon music your primary music service on your phone and you can do the same thing without this device.  It takes a while to setup and when you get out of the car, your alexa app will tell you something is wrong with the connection.  When you give the wake word, you only have about 2 seconds to make your request, so you better not ask for a song by a specific artist because it will stop listening.  I could make that same music play from my phone to the car without this echo device in the middle.	2	January 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	9 out of 10 times you have to say Alexa multiple times before she answers you, or wakes up and the other half of the time when she does respond it takes 2 tries to get her to do what ever it is you asked of her. I mainly got it to listen to music hands free in the car and most of the time I have to say Alexa 3 or so times and say play music twice before I actually get music to turn on. I have to scream at it and only some times does that work for me. Feel like this may have been rushed to market could use a much better mic because “Alexa Auto” is very hard of hearing lol	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this to use in my 2014 Honda Civic.It doesn't have integrated Bluetooth. So I had to use both the power and the adapter wires. Alexa wouldn't recognize my commands and would tell me that it isn't a. recognized command. Simple ones, like making calls. And for something that is supposed to be located on your dashboard, there was enough length of wires to mount it in the back window. All the extra wire was cluttering up an already small space. Then it was suggested that it not be left in direct sunlight for any length of time. Like the sunlight that will come through your windshield when you drive a long distance or park in the sun. I tried using it for a week and sent it back.	2	August 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is a great way to get hands-free calling and Alexa functionality in an older car, but the volume of music is much, much higher than the phone volume, leading to ear-piercing music volume on hanging up a phone call because the radio volume was so loud in order to hear the phone call.  Otherwise, I like and would recommend it, just remember to turn it down as you hang up the call!	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted a product like this for my car because I constantly look up things and I hate using my phone and driving. She responds fairly well when you are playing music. I can call and send messages which is awesome. I wish they had a better way to mount it somewhere where it can still hear you, but not be seen by outsiders. I don't like having in on the air vent because it can be seen and attract burglars. The only complaint I have is when I'm on a call, the device turns green. I don't know if it's listening but it's slightly concerning. It's more useful then a pain and because it's doing what I want it to do, I'm content.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Se desconecta mucho dura mucho encontrando Alexa	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like the  music and sound quality. Phone calls could be better, hard to hear it ringing to know if it went through. Wish it could SMS through voice commands. Don’t like that it does not auto connect when I get it it the car. I have to go into the app and click I’m a passenger. Hard to get it to work with other apps on the phone. Never got it to work with Gas Buddy. Lastly, being an Amazon product it should have connectivity to Amazon Music App. When I hear a song I like I should be able to say “Alexa download this song to Amazon Music. That way it is available and usable when in an area that my phone does not have internet connectivity or when on airplane mode.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am loyal Alexa user, having several Dots, Fire TV Sticks, first-generation Cube, and recently an Echo Show 5. I even defended the Cube when others were bashing it.That being said, after waiting at least a year, I was able to purchase the Echo Auto.  I was able to get it connected to my 2017 Ford Edge through the onboard Sync system easily.My issues are like others reviewing this product.  It seems to have problems reconnecting and sometimes has trouble hearing me even with minimal interior noise.I hope Amazon continues to develop the Echo Auto and improve it.  As of right now, I have to agree with others that my Google Assistant works as good or better, but I’m going to give the Echo Auto more time.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First things first; if you have an iPhone, this isn't the device for you. Practically everything is done much better by Siri.Every time Alexa speaks, it is preceded by an incredibly loud electrical popping sound, like the sound you get when you unplug an aux cord from a speaker that's turned up all the wayNavigation is completely useless since you have to unlock your phone to tap the notification and start navigation. Whereas you could've just said ""hey siri take me to X"" and been on your way.You can't send or read text messagesPlaying music from the echo only gives you music controls on the phone's lockscreen, not in other apps like google maps for example (WHY ARE THERE NO HARDWARE PLAY/PAUSE/SKIP BUTTONS ON THE ECHO???)You can't answer a call by tapping the voice button on the echoWhen you ask alexa to call X, she replies ""I found a person in your contacts named X. Would you like to call X?"" Why is the first sentence even necessary?Voice recognition is nice, but for some reason it seems that they didn't implement any form of background noise cancellation or echo cancellation, as the mics pick up every bit of background noise whenever I make a phone call.----------------I have been using the Echo Auto for only 2 days now, and I only use it for its microphone when answering phone calls and as a bluetooth audio adapter. Literally everything that the echo auto does, Siri does a million times better, and that's embarrassing. This is effectively a $50 bluetooth adapter for iPhone users. Stay away."	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I waited for MONTHS for my invitation to be sent to me and when it was I was so excited. However, once received set up was a nightmare. I ended up giving up after awhile and going back to it the next day when I finally got it to connect. More often than not I get ""unable to connect"" and half the time when I ask it to play something, it plays something completely different than what I asked it and I can't help but wonder where in the world it came up with that from what I said. It disconnects a lot too. The part where the wires go on the stand has already separated from it- within days actually. I really, REALLY wanted to love this product because I love all my other Echo's for my house however this just doesn't make the mark.  Here's hoping they can improve this product for future buyers. When it does work, it plays well through my bluetooth set up on my car. But, as of right now....... my Echo Auto is just floating around my car somewhere because it hasn't been worth the headache. I won't give it one star because it really does have potential, but two is my limit."	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I installed this in the new truck in hopes that we would be able to control some Alexa devices at home as well as some other things but we could never get it connected at all. We tried and tried to read and reread the directions but it would not connect properly.	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this on impulse and returned it within a day. I use Alexa at home all the time so it seemed like a good idea to have it in my car.The big problems for me with the device was the poor mounting bracket. I just couldn’t find a good place in either of my cars to mount it.The other issue was that I never stream audio from my phone since I have limited data. I use SiriusXM or the radio. It didn’t occur to me when I ordered it that I would always have to be on Bluetooth as the audio source.If you always stream audio in your car and have Alexa at home this will be a nice fit for you if you can find an attractive way to mount it.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There was no software up grade available for my vehicle.  Had to use AUX.  Going through AUX made my iPhone look like it was brand new.  Everything needed passwords.  I've had phone for 5 months.  It turned out to be a mess.  I love my Alexa pod, but not happy with the Auto hands-free.	2	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was invited to purchase Echo Auto for $25 before it opened to the world for $50. I can't speak to IOS/Apple as I have a Samsung Galaxy and use Android Auto. Android Auto (plus my phone) is not fully baked, but when it is, it should be able to do everything Echo does. So Echo Auto is basically a voice activated interface that creates the same Echo experience you have at home. For that it is good (road trips w/Kids for example). However, it uses your Phone as the engine and the Echo widget app actually already makes your phone and Echo Tap. This just adds the voice activation. If you have Amazon Unlimited, that's OK for $25 but not for $50. I think improvements in Car/Phone technology will make this obsolete in ~1-2 years.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wish I had never bought this.  I don't use it much.  I love my echo dots for the house, but I hate this product.  You have to choose between the radio or alexa.  If you choose alexa you have to listen to the radio through an app on your phone that uses up your data. I thought ok, I'll play some of my favorite trivia games, well, most of the time Alexa does not understand my answers and I don't have that problem when I play them at home.  I really thought it would do what every app on my phone does and that is just interrupt the radio to give directions, etc.  I would not recommend this until they improve. it.	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have an Amazon Echo at home, you'd think this would be all the same fun and functionality, except on the go. It's really not. Most of what this does I was already able to do through Siri, the few add on abilities Alexa does offer aren't enough to offset the things it CAN'T do. Why is Spotify not supported even though my Echo at home works fine with it and Amazon says Echo Auto supports it (it doesn't)? It's kind of fun to play games like Jeopardy or Screen Test in the car, but that's about it. I expected more. At the very least I expected the same that I've grown accustomed to at home. This device doesn't deliver. Novelty at best.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really enjoy this product, but it does feel outdated next to my other alexa products! It took me a week of trying and asking my gf who works in IT to set it up but once we did it was a blessing on road trips. My biggest complaints are that I can never get it to automatically connect to my phone and if it does then it’s not till I’ve been driving for like 20 minutes already. It also gets very laggy when you enter an area with low signal which can be annoying. Other than that, I love the voice recognition and convenience! Of amazon reads this, PLEASE add a feature so it can read me my texts and reply!!	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It a waste of money i am carrying around something that does nothing unless it wants to.  Show many times should you try it??????	3	November 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would just say okay nothing to get excited over	3	December 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For the most part it’s okay but she frequently misses what you say if you have any extra noise like your fan is blowing too hard or you have the window down (and not moving). Even on the highway she has a hard time understanding. And it’s not just one person, the whole family she has a hard time with. Oh and if you aren’t in the front seat, she for sure can’t hear you. Not even once has anyone who sat in the backseat been able to communicate with her. When it says “play car games with the family” it means for the driver and the person riding shotgun and that’s it. If you’re wondering, I have a 2010 Jeep Liberty.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So I like that I now have alexa in my car and it was really easy to setup but for some reason it fails to open my Spotify (the main reason I purchased it) even though I have the account connected. This results in it saying ""download from the app store"" and opens the app store but its already downloaded and now I have to open it manually so I am not even using the alexa but rather just my phone."	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The connectivity was very smooth. Overall a very useful device. Only drawback is that it is not very voice sensitive and one has to speak rather loud for it to register your command. Could be the placement on the AC vent and the sound of the AC blower diffusing the strength of the voice command.	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Where to begin... I’ve had this product for about 5 months now, here is the good, the bad, and the ugly:The good: Alexa in your car! Makes for a safer driving experience, and you can fact check people while driving. (Great for long drives) Music player is decent... not bad though.The bad: Gnarly connectivity issues.. lots of rebooting. VERY SLOW to respond/pick up your voice. This goes with all Alexa products... simple requests just don’t work??? You can’t just pause the music, turn off your car, come back to it and pick up where you left off.. Having a wire sucks, why not just a device that plugs into the cigarette lighter??The ugly: The air vent adapter is SO UNREASONABLY heavy and cumbersome. There is no cable management system in place for this product. The previously mentioned SLOW response time is also ugly, so it’s here again. The device should come with options for mounting, like a sticky 3m tape or velcro?Bottom line: save your money. I was a sucker for it too, WONDERFUL idea... but like with ALL of amazons electronics... VERY poorly executed, I wish there was a way to get a refund.	2	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I needed a Bluetooth set up for my vehicle. This does okay for that purpose. Alexa functions as it should MAYBE 50% of the time. I hoped for something that would make my phone completely hands free. When the echo auto says it is having problems connecting with my phone, I can tap the Alexa button within the app and it works just fine. I would have liked for this device to call or text anyone in my contacts with a simple verbal command. It doesn’t. That’s disappointing. When it works as it should, it’s a decent tool. My kids are able to make song requests without my help. Hopefully, an update will make this device work better. It only gets 3 stars from me.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted this Alexa Auto to work but turns put it was a bit too frustrating to operate. This would be especially frustrating as you turned on the car and had to wait minutes to establish communication with Alexa.  Occasionally, it would lose communication as I was driving.I had a prepared list of stations that I listen via Tune In Radio and it seemed to connect and sound pretty well. Trying to get Spotify to play a specific song was close to impossible.  Super frustrating.After several days using it, I ended up selling it to a coworker who doesnt have Bluetooth in his car and he likes it.I think many of the Bluetooth problems arise from conflicts between the BT in your car and Alexa. Since your phone and Alexa are using the BT in your phone at the same time.Begs the question: why even have a device when the bulk of the tasks are handled by your phone? Why not make the Alexa Auto part of the Alexa app on your phone?  Your cell phone has way more processing power that what is in your Alexa Auto.  Easier implementation would be to use your cell phone as the Alexa Auto.	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"...the fact that there is just NO way to change Echo Auto's wakeword to anything other than ""Alexa.""  Contacted Amazon and asked about the possibility of a firmware push but got nowhere with that.  I will change my rating to 5 stars as soon as I am able to change the wake word to something I'm used to.  I'm just not into mental gymnastics and I don't call any of my Alexa/Echo devices ""Alexa.""  So, yeah, still waiting..."	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I can't tell you how disappointed I am for the first time in Amazon. When I received this from their opening promotion, I was so excited to get it. How cool it would be to take my trip to the beach this summer and have Alexa next to me riding shotgun. That didn't happen! I've had so many problems connecting this and have contacted Amazon several times. When I try to engage Alexa and ask a question it is almost always misunderstood. Please know that I have an Amazon Echo and two Amazon Dots in my home and I have had zero problems with speech recognition or understanding. I love them! If I could claim them on my taxes, I would because they are like family and roommates combined. (Says a lot about my social life, doesn't it?). The Amazon Auto has given me problems from the first time I connected it and I had tried to findhe proper information, but found it so difficult for the consumer and THAT was very frustrating. I have a Master's Degree and still couldn't figure this out? Then I get messages on the screen saying that my Toyota Prius v can't handle the power of the Echo Auto.  Say what?? I called Amazon again to tell them about this new message and they said that there is nothing that they can do. I've had this for a few months so I can't return it, but I am surprised at the unwillingness of customer service to help. I've questioned several people that have this device and three out of the four neighbors I know that have it are experiencing the same problems. I'm so disappointed!	1	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wrote a scathing review which was posted. After I sat in my car with an Alexa tech support person, she walked me through connecting it again to my car radio. I was amazed! It worked perfectly and I was SO excited!Got in the car the next morning and it had disconnected itself again. I followed all of the steps from the night before and couldn’t make it connect.The tech agent who helped me was excellent, patient, and knowledgeable. I’d give her 5 stars if I could.Maybe tomorrow, as it is a Saturday I’ll sit in my car for another hour with support and see if there’s something else that needs to happen. It frustrates me no end to pay for something, have high expectations for the product then have it not work. I have an Alexa Echo and a Firestick and never ever have problems with those; so I expected the auto to be as good.I’ve preordered the new Alexa with a clock and now I’m wondering if the problem with the auto Echo may be that I’d pre-ordered that and some bugs need to be worked out.Has anyone else had issues similar to mine?	2	December 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa and all of the Echo's. The setup was fairly simple.  However, I've had some difficulties with the device just cutting off in the middle of playing games and listening to music. I thought I lost service on my phone internet but that was not the case.  The device is slow to respond even after changing making the necessary adjustments. I have to call the device several times before I get a response and even then there is a 3 to 5sec delay.  On my Echo Show and other devices I say Alexa and receive a response immediately.  I enjoyed the fact that I could use the device in the car on my 12-hour drive. Overall I hope the upgrades will make the device better.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was thinking I would love this thing so much. I am super into tech stuff and I love my echos in my house. I just don't totally see the point of this. I already have blue tooth in my car to make calls and get texts and listen to music. I do have to select music on my phone, but then again this Alexa won't even play music if your not in service. Also, I believe it uses a lot of data, I have limited data so I am not really into using this a bunch. The chords are obnoxious, they run right down the middle of my dashboard. At the end of the day, I am not sure that even at the discounted price that this is worth it. I am sending both of mine back. Maybe if they really improve it, but I doubt it, because the data thing is a real deal breaker. When I listen to amazon music in my car, I listen to my offline music, and I have even had issues with that, I don't know that I need another item that will just have issues. I do love the plus and regular echo I have in my house though.	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have a radio that doesn't already support voice commands, or one that is particularly bad like mine (2016 Subaru Impreza stock radio is terrible) this might be worthwhile, otherwise your existing stereo is probably more useful on its own.That being said it product works ok, I don't like that I continually have to approve things on the phone like navigation, if I could take my eyes off the road to use my phone I wouldn't have bought this in the first place.  I've also noticed that I need to pause between saying the wake word and giving a command or the device will likely miss what I want it to do, a problem I don't have with the Echo Dot on my desk.	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I didn't like the fact that I had to use my phone anyways for it to work which defeats the purpose. What I did like about it was once I got it hooked up and it was connected to my phone connected to Bluetooth connected to my radio I was able to just tell it what I wanted. But every time I got in my car I'd have to reset it up again connect to the radio connect to Bluetooth connect to the Alexa on my phone.	3	October 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited about the Echo Auto, but honestly it’s not that big of a deal. It’s supposed to be able to hear your voice commands over music and other noises, but often I have to turn the volume of the radio down significantly as well as the heating and cooling in order for Alexa to hear me. There are times when Alexa is not able to play a requested song or it cannot understand what was said to it. I often use Siri to get what I want. Now please don’t get me wrong, there have been many times when Echo Auto has worked perfectly. It really just depends on what you want to use. I actually don’t use it as much as I thought I would.	3	November 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love my Echo (probably too much) and was really, really excited for the Echo Auto.  Sadly, the Auto was hugely disappointing.  My primary gripes are that the voice recognition is subpar and it functionality is cumbersome, at best.  I had hoped that I would be able to navigate music, directions, calls, etc., relatively handsfree via voice command.  Instead, I found that I usually had to repeat my command several times and, more often than not, was ultimately told ""Sorry, I can't find...."" or similar.  After a few weeks of frustration, I pulled the plug and put the Auto away.  I haven't used it since, and haven't missed it.  After all the wait and hype, the Auto really missed the mark."	3	November 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Helpful product but not perfect. Does not reconnect automatically if the Bluetooth connection is lost. You will have to disconnect the power cable or turn ignition off to restart the device to reconnect with Bluetooth again. Alternatively, you have to open the app on phone to reconnect, which is unsafe to do when you are driving.Another quirk: must address it by ""Alexa"". It will not respond to ""echo"" or ""amazon""."	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i love all my  Alexa products  i have the dots the cam the plugs the Alexa. work very well always there when i call makes me feel safe with my cam, the Echo Auto is not as good whether its my radio aux or the auto alexa it always says looking for connection or im disconnected from Bluetooth. if i leave  my vehicle i have to always reconnect with the Alexa app. whats frustrating is i get it to play music from  amazon music  and when i leave and come back i have to go in  to Alexa app and reconnect and ask it to play music again. so i don't drive anywhere till i get all connected.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The call feature worked for a few calls than after that it would mute the speakers or mic. It started pushing calls through the phone and when I try to transfer the call to my radio screen it would say mute. Why would it work the first few times and then start muting my speakers?!	1	October 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Have a 14 Tacoma.  Got the product to work and it did for a bit.  Then it wouldn't connect and just told me over and over to check the Alexa App.  Finally got tired of it not doing what it should and threw it in the console with the rest of the garbage.revision:  after reviewing this product I was contacted by Amazon and with a few instructions i am now able to use this product properly.  Still not 100% satisfied but at least it works now	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It connects to my Bluetooth well but is very limited with keeping consistent internet connection. Even when my phone has internet the device does not connect to it or hold the connection.  As you drive, it drops and picks up.	3	September 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I rate the overall device a 3 out of 5 being she has a lot to learn but potential to become very useful. Also I believe the price is a little steep considering the amount of intelligence she is equipped with versus how smart she should be with the amount of technology we have in 2021.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We are an Alexa family with many devices and were super excited to have one in the car, only to be majorly disappointed (and honestly, pretty annoyed). The idea of it is great, but it doesn’t work. You must have near-perfect reception on your cell phone for Alexa to, first, respond when you talk, and second, do what you ask it to do. Many times Alexa will light up when you say “Alexa” but keep glowing like it’s thinking. Or if it does respond to your song request, it will say “playing ‘song’ on Spotify/Amazon music” but it won’t play. I get irritated (especially when my kids keep asking over and over and over for a song) when Alexa won’t play. So I end up selecting Spotify on my phone like normal taking away the ease of having voice-controlled music (which is the whole point of Alexa).I REALLY wanted to love this device (and we paid a lot to have them in both cars!) but it’s completely disappointing. Maybe if you lived in a city and had excellent reception on your cell at all times it would work better, but for me, it’s just become car decor.	2	January 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got it expecting to integrate hands free tech in an old low tech car. It was easy to set up, but there was always static coming from the speakers and a high pitched squeal. I’ll admit that my audio system is sub par, but I don’t have those issues with other devices that I plug into the aux port.Also, it wasn’t as hands free as I would have expected. I have an iPhone 7 Plus. Maybe it works better with android. Echo auto can’t send texts. If i wanted to use it for navigation it still required that I tap my phone to open up Maps, and then tap again to start navigation.It does hear really well, but right no it is no better than using Siri. It is probably nice to have if you use prime music a lot. The games might be fun to have on a road trip. But, I can still ask Siri to open up amazon music, or the Alexa app and then use voice to pull up a song or game anyways. At this point not worth the extra cords. Maybe in a couple of years.Oh, one more thing. It drains battery super fast.	2	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You need a auxiliary port in your car in order for this to work.  My car does not have a aux port so I'm unable to use and have to return which is a bummer as it seemed cool.  I really don't know how to star rate as I wasn't able to use, so 3 it is.  I do wish with todays technology that it didn't come with so many wires, wii or bluetooth capabilities.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use it for my car, I like the product to an extent. I always have to disconnect and forget the device on my phone then pair it back to my phone through the phone app which takes time... I'm not saying it's the product as it may be my phone since I've had this problem with another Bluetooth device that I have.	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Letting the Alexa app run in the background appears to murder my phone's battery (Android). Asking for things nearby doesn't really provide the desired results in most cases.  Other Alexa functions seem fine, such as playing stuff from Spotify, although it behaves differently than an Echo.  Echo Auto will use the spotify account on the phone to stream, not the one connected in the Alexa app.  This is probably a benefit if you've sacrificed one account of a family plan as a designated Alexa account, as you will not interrupt the stream of a person playing music at home.The 12v socket on my car, without rewiring things, is always on.  The Echo Auto is unlikely to quickly drain the car battery, but my phone remains paired with it in the office and at home, so I must manually unplug the device when I reach my destination.  This isn't the Echo Auto's fault, but is definitely something that you should be mindful of.Edit: removed a star. As soon as my car's heater was turned on the adhesive used on the cable clip fails and it pops off. I stuck it back on but it fell off again a few minutes later.	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device successfully connected to my phone's bluetooth quickly and reliably every time, but I'm disappointed in the quality of the microphone(s) and navigation capabilities.I've been unable to give Alexa a verbal command with the radio on or the window open with wind noise.  She either misunderstands the command, or doesn't answer at all.As an in-car Alexa device, my primary use is navigation.  Yes, it can control my smart home and answer questions, but when I'm in my car, there are only a few smart home functions that I want to use.  The Echo Auto turns out to just be another voice command for the Google Maps on my phone.  Sine I already have voice command capability here, the Echo Auto gives no benefit for navigation.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Basic operation works fine.  However integration with Google Maps is not great - always feeds Lat/Long Into the destination which seems to take much longer for Google Maps to process then entering directly in my speech to text.  Alexa Auto mode is also clunky - again provides basic feedback but looks far from polished.  Would be unhappy if I paid full price for the item but $25 seems reasonable.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	this product feels like an after market echo. its does not blend in with the car at all.It feels like its a downgraded echo dot. the wires are every were. the device itself keep shifting in the car since I don't want to fix it on the air vent.I think amazon should go back to the drawing board on this one and think up/make a more integrated product. I don't mind paying more for something better. how can Alexa enhance the driving experience? respond to changing location, trigging response to change location. I can go on and on. I don't need just a navigator you cant top Google (sorry).Finally am still an Echo fan so ... am waiting to be empresses Jeff :)	3	December 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Glad I can finally write a review for this! I really wanted to love this and thought it was going to be great. My husband signed up for the special invite first and was surprised I got the go to buy this before him. After a few months of having it, I finally figured out how to re-connect it if Alexa is having a hard time connecting in my car. Kinda a pain because you want to get into your car and go and it’s not the case with this device. If it doesn’t easily connect, I’m having to pull over and go on my phone to figure it out or I just give up because I have to be somewhere and don’t have the time to deal with it. It’s also a pain because it usually would rather connect to my phone when I’m not even in my car but in my house! Trying to talk to people on my cell phone to have it automatically connect to the car and I lose the conversation because when it seems like a dropped call, it’s really just connected to my car. It’s a pain and I’m bummed I spent the money on it.	2	November 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works I LOVE IT!  When it doesn't 40% of the time I hate it.  It can cause accidents when you are trying to get it to reconnect because you are fiddling with the device and not paying attention to the road.  Its not me!  I have an iPhone 12.  When it connects its fine, but it looses connection with my car Bluetooth, then you have to plug and unplug often.  It has a mind of its own.  It rarely plays what you ask.  I have Amazon Music Unlimited.  I end up shouting STOP, CANCEL, ABORT!  Most of the time its just easier to stream my iTunes music directly from my phone.  Its supposed to be able to listen to you with ease.  I find myself SHOUTING to get it to listen.  I paid $14.99, and I feel I was ripped off.  SO SAD.  I have at least 10 Amazon Echo devices for the home with no problems.  I WANTED IT TO WORK!	1	February 15, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping to use this in my older car, but there's no bluetooth, nor a speaker input jack on the older car so it won't work with it. My new car has CarPlay, and this interferes with the Echo Auto so it's frustrating to use - but great when it works.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have 10 Echo Home devices, Dot’s, Spot’s, and Shows so I like my Alexa. I waited 10 month to get the Echo Auto but have been mostly disappointed. It seems it truly is a 1st Generation device that is not fully ‘baked’. It always truncates responses or cuts out before finishing any answer or command. So far it isn’t the experience I was hoping for and not as useful as I had hoped, in its current implementation. I feel it will improve over time (at least I hope). I know, that being an early adopter I probably should have kept my expectations in check. For the introductory price though, I’m still interest in seeing if I can find a real use and that some of the bugs will be addressed.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product I don’t use much. It’s a pain to hook up to car then in order to use it you need to connect phone to car and have the Alexa app open. First time hooking up took 2 hours with customer support to figure it out. It works if u can remember to hook it up each time u get into car which I don’t so we don’t use it much.  Would be nicer if I could run off my car WiFi. The mounts don’t work well either. Falls apart easy and won’t stay in the car vent so the Alexa just sits in my cup holder. I use my other Alexa stuff in the house much more than the car one. I personally would not buy again	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Tried it for 3hrsAs I said  it messed up my Bluetooth	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My Daughter gave me this for Christmas. Why do I need it? My auto has GPS, connects to my phone via Blue Tooth and it has XMRadio. al I can see this thing doing is sucking up Data time from my cell phone and running up my phone bill. Don't get me wrong I have 3 Alexa units in my house, but in the car, I find it totally useless and a waste of money!	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	after having it for a few months, I would not recommend it. Unlike the Alexa in your home where you just speak, there are several conditions that just be in place for this to work. As a result, I never use it.However, as far as integration with my Toyota Prius goes ( and there is a very good chance this is Toyota), it is not as easy as the one you use at home. You must be on the right mode- for me it's the bluetooth mode. You won't hear it if you are tuned to am or fm.It is slower to respond. At home you say Alexa (baby pause) and then your request. In the car, it's Alexa (WAIT) . . . then speak your command. Half the time it dissolves into no response.As a result, I don't use it as much as I do the ones at home. And in case you think I'm a  rookie, I have 4 Echo products in my one bedroom condo. So I recommend it with reservation. I still want it, I don't want to return it, but it needs work, not sure who to blame.	2	November 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not too happy, yet...it works as in you can say “Alexa, blah blah” but the mobile app and actual Echo auto don’t seem to sync perfectly.  For some reason when you re-enter your car and hit “play” on the app it will play for around 30 seconds then shut off and you have to re-open the app and start again.  Seems it will be good for road trips or trips over an hour so you can actually use the voice functions.	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The set up is not easy. It seems that you have to have an internet connection to complete the set up. If you are out in your car and your home internet doesn't reach that far what do you do? Perhaps your phones hotspot will work for you. Maybe. And so you finally get connected. and you drive away. you get back home go in the house and then come back out. Now you have to go thru the set ups again. No way. I find it difficult to believe that the designers could not have allowed you to set up with out the internet and then make the internet connection. And then why doesn't it remember the set up and not have to redo it? I feel this is a fail.	2	July 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the unit and it gives me hands-off abilities in the car to communicate with my kids at home. However, for reasons unknown the car unit cannot change wake words. My daughter's name is Alexa and you can imagine the confusion having conversations.Complaints1. I wish I could change the wake word.2. If you mute the Echo Auto and you receive a phone call, the person on the other side can't hear you. It apparently mutes all phone interaction if the Echo Auto is muted as well. It should not matter whether the Echo Auto is muted. I should still be able to have a phone conversation.	3	March 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great item on paper, I wish it had better more sensitive microphones, half the time mics dont pick up the right commands. When it comes to product quality, the casing split open where the product is assembled together.	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The overall device is a bit sluggish.  I've had some issues with it responding as quickly as other Alexa devices.  Sometimes it would take up to 30 seconds for it to do what I asked, by which point I thought it just didn't hear me.  When trying to listen to an audio book, the Alexa app didn't even have the same capability as the Audible app.  You could verbally tell it to read faster/slower, but that should have an interface to the app.  It does well when playing music, and I like the disable button to prevent it from accidentally being activated by verbal command.  It makes calls well enough too.  Just need to fix the processing time....	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had an Iottie alexa phone holder until it got stolen. So I purchased this item to see how efficient it is. Honestly I miss more my phone holder since it would stop playing my music when I turn off my car. For some reason the echo auto continues the music on my phone, even as I walk away from my car. I do like that it picks up my voice very well even with music going on. Something the iOttie alexa phone holder couldn't do well. Over all, decently happy.	3	September 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I signed up for the invitation (seems like so long ago) and finally received the product. To be honest, I feel like this item was released to the market about 5 years too late. Modern cars are better integrated with Apple and Android to the point that this feels like a gimmick, not a necessity. And some cars (mine included) don't play well with this device being used along with my phone. So I'll call it just ok, somewhat mitigated by its relatively low price.Also, I had intended to return this item but forgot to drop off at UPS on time. Because of that I'm stuck with it. I plan to add it to my travel bag and make it a ""portable"" Alexa for vacation and work."	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works , it great then it don't want to respond alot of times	2	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Lots of people have given detailed reviews. Heed the cautionary ones.If I had paid full price I'd be returning it.I wish it would work consistently as it had good potential.  When it works I use it. But it stops for no apparent reason sometimes and it requires attention to get it connected again.When I am going to my car I must turn off the phone's wifi and turn on the app. That leads to the most likely chance of it working. Most of the time it does. But I can't count on it.	2	December 27, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It answers to other voices other than mine	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	OK,I have something like 7 echos in my house so obviously I am a fan.  I got this on the invite so I only paid $19.95 for it.  I am still having trouble understanding the point of it.  I guess if you have an older car maybe but anything from last 4-5 years why?  Android auto does everything this does and more.  With android auto navigation is actually on the screen in my car.  For $20 it is a cool toy for $50, really,,,,,what is the point.  I understand they are trying to get Alexa into everything but somethings you really need to accept you missed the boat and move on.  With anroid auto really no point in this at all.	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As a family, we love Alexa. We picked up several during this holiday season. We love the Echo Show 8 and being able to see our photos on a rolling basis. This auto has been a hit or miss. When it works, it is terrific. But many times, it comes on, listens, thinks (flashing green light), and nothing. It is great for playing music and making calls. If they improve this product, I would definitely buy it again.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Amazon echo Auto worked, but it was a little clunky since it has to connect to your phone when you get in the car and your phone has to connect to your data etc. There are just multiple things that can not connect properly, so sometimes it doesn't work. I don't know that it's the fault of the echo Auto. I would still recommend it for the price, but not for those who are not a little bit techy.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for this but unfortunately sometimes it doesn't respond to your voice and it stalls and it gets stuck where you have this blue light steady on when you ask something and it wont reset so you can ask again.  I have to unplug it and plug it back in order to start working again as you ask whatever to it.  Overall its not bad but it will make you annoyed sometimes which is a downfall for me specially when you are driving and can't reset it to make it work again.	3	July 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I admit that I haven't really utilized the Echo auto as much as I'd like to, so there isn't much to review.  I haven't tried to connect in a few weeks because I don't have time to devote to repeatedly to try and get it to connect. Two times did I get everything to connect at once on the first try (Echo auto, iPhone, and car).  One of those times, Alexa was saying gibberish, so I quit using.  The last time I tried, I got the Echo connected to my phone, but then not to my car's Bluetooth. Get connected to my car's Bluetooth, then I'd lose connectivity to Echo. After trying repeatedly, I gave up. I know I'd utilize Alexa if it I could get connected.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In my experience Echo Auto works intermittently when integrating through my vehicle’s iPod feature as well as the Bluetooth feature. When it works it’s great and when it doesn’t it is frustrating. I do a lot of highway driving so I had hopes that it would be better. Since this is first generation I am hope that the kinks will be worked out. I enjoy using the Echo and Echo dot in my home and was hoping for the same with Auto. When it works I can successfully use the drop feature to communicate with my family at home, add to my shopping list, listen to audio books and music. I do not like the wire that is used for charging and I am hopeful that there will be another mounting option other than the vent. Vent works for my vehicle but I see how this can be off putting to others. I received this free through my insurance company. If I had paid for it out right it would be returned. The intermittent connection is a problem. My cell service is very good so I do not believe that is the source of the problem.	2	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Estaría bien que se conectara al smartphone para obtener conexión a internetPero todo sonido del celular se escuchó por el echo autoPara eso está mejor algún dispositivo Bluetooth que ocupe menos espacio y que sea más barato	1	October 18, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Frequently loses connection. Handles most inquiries however for reasons unknown directions do not immediately appear. Instead a notification is sent to your device which you have to acknowledge quickly before it disappears to see the map. This is dangerous as you have to take your eyes off the road. This is a major fail on Amazon’s part.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received this device as a gift from my insurance agency. Ironically I’ve probably never been less safe trying to figure this thing out while driving. I’ll probably not continue to use it. In my Mazda you have to manually search and select the phone On the car’s entertainment system before the Echo Auto device will respond over the vehicle speakers. So you can’t just start asking The Echo Auto anything until you change from your radio station, or whatever, to connect to your phone. Even after connecting if I ask Alexa to send a text to my wife it won’t send a text to her messages app on her iPhone but rather sends the message to her Alexa app which she’ll never see. Or I ask Alexa to call her and instead of a normal call it used Alexa app to make the call.  In other words we were talking over the internet instead of the phone which sounded horrible. My car already has a Bluetooth phone feature so adding the Echo auto did nothing for me. It’s actually easier to use the phone to bring up podcasts etc than the Echo Auto.	2	January 26, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a stock stereo in my car and I didn't realize I needed to plug it into my stereo. So I have a device I can not use and if I could you would still have hanging visible wires. Waste of money..	3	August 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The biggest issue that I have had is getting it to perform the requested function. When it does it works great but I have had issues with it losing connection to the Alexa app and I've had to go in and add it again. Also when playing music it seems to have difficulty performing the action. For example. I'll tell it to play music, and it responds by saying that it's playing music from my Spotify, but no music plays. Or I can tell it to skip a song and it indicates that the command was successful, but the song doesn't skip. Same with turning on lights at my home. It indicates the command was successful but I'll come around the corner and the lights are still off.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Driving a Subaru Outback it was very hard to keep the Alexa and its holster in the air vents I have a Bluetooth car that I can make phone calls utilizing the radio however being an older model I had to utilize the audio cable well in order for the system to work we had to have the volume to 30 in order to hear Alexa I find it easier to connect my phone and listen to Amazon music which is mainly what we were using Alexa for it's a nice product but you have to have a newer car than 2011 I think to allow it to connect to the Bluetooth correctly.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Terrible luck getting connected and staying connected to phone after restarting vehicle. Phone constantly alerts me while car is off that I’m connected to the Drive unit, which is annoying. Worst amazing product I’ve ever purchased.	1	October 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No tengo acceso a mi propia música no es completo como pensaba	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Let me start off by saying that I was one of the first to sign up to purchase this product. I was waiting and waiting and when it finally arrived, I was so excited! I set the product up with no issues. There were three main features that I wanted to use this for. 1) Play Music, 2) Play Podcasts, 3) Hands-Free Calling.So I have this thing in the car and I say ""Alexa, play my music"". She plays some music.... ""How wonderful"" I think to myself. Item number one marked off the list.On my phone, I use a podcast player app to sort my podcasts and download them to my phone. My assumption is that there will be some sort of app integration for the device that you have it connected to in the car. That's what I get for assuming.  While Alexa can play podcasts, it was not what I wanted nor was it functional. I am now manually locating the podcast in my app and pressing play. It defeated the hands free purpose of the device.  Item number two was a failure.Now for the primary feature... Handsfree voice calling. It works with one caveat.... Everyone I speak with on the phone can hear themselves speaking over my car speakers. I guess the name is ECHO AUTO. So now I can establish the call with this device but I have to put the device onto speakerphone and carry on the conversation that way. SERIOUSLY?!? Why did I even buy this thing anyway? I had a $20 Chinese device in my old car that worked better."	1	December 18, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As someone who doesnt have any bluetooth or nice electronics in my car this is a great little device for going hands free to play my music and get directions... when it works. If it boots up right away it will work till you try and give it another command as which point it was disconnect for a while and keep trying to find your phone. After what feels like forever it will reconnect and you'll have to restart directions and songs.I was a member of the beta and I did enjoy this and love it when it was working. Also this device isnt dog proof.... my dog found it and now it's dead. I didnt think to buy the insurance so rip Alexa Auto.	3	October 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice recognition is great. I like the small size. I dont like the vent holder because it doesnt fit the car i have. I dont like the way it disconect from your phone and you have to reconect every time you get back in the car. Otherwise its great.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I've had my Amazon Echo Auto for a couple of years now.My favorite songs are ""*streaming music* Your Amazon Mobile (Has Lost Connection to the Network)"" and ""Here's 'We Will Rock You' by Queen (on Amaz- *silence and no music*""When the magic voice can't even complete the sentence telling me what song she won't play, or interrupting the stream I'm listening to to tell me that she's lost connection to the Internet only to not drop the stream it had been playing in the first place...Or to tell me that she can't find a station I listen to constantly on TuneIn because she couldn't differentiate between Dubbo and Double..I stream through an FM transmitter already, so it's just easier to remove the device from the equation and start the music at stop lights or before I pull out of the driveway.The technology is better than it's actual performance. Without any updates to the built-in system, it degrades rather quickly. Not going to bother to replace it now that I'm tired of it."	1	January 14, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had no problem with it for the 1st 2 days I used it. Then it wouldn't work and nothing I tried on my own worked. I ended up chatting with tech support. I finally got it to work after clearing everything twice. Then the following day when I tried to use it again, I had to do a complete setup again. Am really not happy with this item	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have to ensure the apps I want to use are active.  (Alexa, Spotify, Audible).  Maybe I have bad service near my house but I typically have to get going and be about 5 min. away from home before she becomes responsive.  And, I have wires now.That written, she is what I need.  If I'm tired of a list I made, I ask for a song.  After the song, she will continue to a song I may never have heard before or forgot.  If I like it, I say, ""Alexa, Like.""  And she says, ""Sure, added to like in Spotify"".  I need this."	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After going back and forth with the technical department we got it set up going through the auxiliary jack. It would not set up with the Bluetooth in my car even though my Apple 8 phone connects with my trucks Bluetooth. Very frustrating and disappointing. Also, when I start up the truck it takes a while for it to connect with my phone, it keeps saying it has lost connectivity with my phone. Also, it took a while to get the proper time I have to tell it that I am in the Eastern time zone when I ask ""what is the time""? I am very disappointed that I have 2 wires, one for the power and one for the auxiliary jack hanging on my dash."	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Oh where do I start?I got on the invitation list over a year ago. Then one day they sent me an email that said that I may buy this product now, and to use the link provided with the coupon code. There was no coupon code. So I called Amazon and they put a $25 credit on my account...except they didn't. I called again, and they finally did. So, customer service FAIL.I could not, for the life of me, get this thing to work at first, so I called Amazon again. After being transferred out of the Philipines, I finally got a gal who knew what the hell she was talking about and got it to work.I love and hate this product. I love that when it works, it works really well. Ask for a song or a playlist and you get it. Ask for the weather, and you get it. I'm an Uber driver and I really wanted it for the hands-free functionality. I used to have a dot in my car, until it consumed all of my data plan.I hate that it will randomly just stop, like mid-song and you have to reboot it. I hate that sometimes even after you reboot it it will not do what you ask or when it gives you the wrong thing.I think this is a great idea to add voice control in the car, but they have a long way to go to make this product good.*** I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT IF YOU DRIVE FOR UBER OR ANY OTHER RIDESHARE SERVICE ***	1	November 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I'm not disappointed so far. Yes, Google has some of the same functions but echo has better voice recognition for me personally. I have my my Amazon music and Audible available during my commute without having to mess with my phone. Phone calls and texts are no prob.  Thats pretty much of the extent which ive used it for except basics like ""whats the weather today"".  I hope there is more integration in the future with podcast apps. I haven't tried it for navagation so I can't comment on that.  The main problem I have had is that my phone seems to be draining its battery very quickly at work  since I've been using it, and this has only happened with a previous bluetooth devise."	3	October 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Personally I kind of find it a pain.  I have to have the device selected to be able to use it. I don't want to always listen to my Amazon music, If I want the radio and need to tell Alexa something to add to my grocery list, I get no feedback as to weather she heard me or not.  It would be nice if she was her own speaker as well, so you didn't have to ALWAYS be connected to her to use her.  She came with a AUX cable but she doesn't work with it, had to use USB.  I would have preferred to use the AUX and free up my USB port.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping to use this separately from my phone (the habitual battle between my Airpods and my car); i.e. I like having music in the background in the car while listening to a Podcast with my phone. This isn't possible.I did love the feature to be able to announce when I would be home, but it wasn't enough of a use case to be able to keep it.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Lot of areas where connection is a problem	3	December 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love this when it works.  Can be frustrating.  Mine works maybe 70% of the time.  I lose connection a lot.  Just not reliable.  Love the idea, love when it works, frustrating when I am in the car talking to myself.  For what I paid, I am not upset, but wish that I could count on it.  I also have to crank the volume way louder than the radio.  When I get back in car, it auto switches to radio, so if I do not remember to turn volume way down, I get blasted.  Certainly possible my car's Bluetooth is partially to blame.	3	March 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a good addition but I'm a little disappointed.  I've not been able to make the bluetooth connection so simply used the audio cable.  Whenever the car is shut off the Echo Auto seems to forget itself and I have to cycle the power.  What is also annoying is that I have to use Alexa on my phone to confirm I am a passenger.  Perhaps I need to just start over.  The voice recognition is fine and I have enjoyed requesting podcasts, directions, general info and music while driving.  The audio is so-so at best but I've also not played audio from my phone to my car system so that may be the weak point.  I'll update after more effort.	3	November 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really enjoy this device because it’s hands free. I can listen to any music, podcasts, audiobooks, games, etc.The device works well with my car. I got it on sale for half the regular price and was totally worth it.I’ve had to reset it a few times which is inconvenient and the voice recognition is not always on point. That’s why I gave it three stars.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use the Echos in my home all day long, to check weather, time, set timers/alarms, and control my smart phone devices.  I thought it would be awesome to add an Echo to my car for the same functionality.  It wasn't.  First, to use the Echo Auto you MUST set your car radio to BlueTooth - this is how the Echo responds to commands.  But this means you can't use your radio for ANYTHING else - for instance, listen to satellite radio, or just your local station.  This is just a huge limitation.  Also, since I must turn the radio volume pretty much all the way up to hear anything over BlueTooth, every time I switch away from BlueTooth I have the frightening experience of being blasted by volume well above comfortable limits.  Perhaps the environment in my car is noisy, but the Echo always had a hard time understanding my requests.  Then, after a couple of weeks, it started having trouble connecting, and somehow got my phone into a state where it was just stuck.  After that I was done.  My Echo Auto is back in it's box and probably won't be coming back out.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Amazon Echo, so I was really excited when my new Echo Auto showed up on my door step.  But, what a disappointment .  It is hard to believe that Amazon would release something so clumsy.  It does not work reliably the way it is designed to but even if it did, I would not be satisfied.  In order for the thing to work your car radio has to be set on blue tooth or AUX.  So you can't just be driving down the road listening to your radio and then ask Alexa to do something.  You would have to change the radio mode first.  What is the point of a voice activated assistant if you have to push buttons on the car radio first?The only way Alexa is going to be a good mobile assistant is if Apple would ever just allow us to replace Siri with Alexa on its phones. Unfortunately that will probably never happen because apple thinks they are way better than they are.  The bottom line, I will, sadly, probably return my Echo Auto, but if Amazon ever comes up with a cell phone.  I would consider buying it.	2	October 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Despues de haberlo usado un tiempo, he detectado varios problemas. El primero de ellos es que no es posible cambiar la palabra de activacion a ""ECHO"" como en todos los otros dispositivos. Su aplicacion en el auto, en el caso de tener carplay, se limita a dar ordenes por voz a Spotify. Las llamadas a dispositivos, tampoco tienen buen desempeño, dando el mensaje que el dispositivo no esta disponible para llamadas. Sin embargo despues al tratar desde una red wifi es posible poder comunicarse sin problemas. Creo que le falta un mayor desarrollo a este producto, ya que la plataforma que aparece en el telefono para el Echo Auto tambien es muy basica. Creo que hay que esperar mas tiempo para que lo desarrollen mejor antes de comprar este producto. Quizas en un auto mas antiguo y sin bluetooth se justifique mas."	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have half a dozen Echo (and other Alexa-enabled) devices, and I rely a her a lot. But this device... just doesnt click.  When she works, she works.  (Like an Echo Dot in the car!)  But 8 times out of 10, it's ""Sorry, I can't connect to the network. Try again later.""  I've checked all the hard and soft connections, and re-run setup at least 4 times.  And each time, it works at first.  Maybe for a few minutes, maybe for a couple days.  But we always come back to ""Sorry, I can't connect"".  Luv ya, Alexa, but I can just plug my phone directly to my car's audio for less hassle than this device has given me."	2	July 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As in previous reviews I’m an Alexa fan so when I saw one for the car I jumped on it.Pros- gives you more hands free options.Cons-doesn’t work all that well with Sirius XM.I’m in between at this point. I’ve had a lot of problems continuing to listen to Sirius dm through the Alexa device.  It can be frustrating as the audio just won’t play.It’s great if I need an address, mapping, hours of operation.  I’m on the road all day so it does have a lot of advantages.  I really just wish it would play the music when I ask it to play.  Even amazon music has trouble from time to time.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got this for my boyfriend for a Christmas Present.  He was so excited because he is a huge music lover and was able to hook it up in his truck with no problem - he couldn't wait to use it.  I didn't realize you need Amazon Unlimited Music to be able to play a lot of the songs he likes  - not a problem - I just purchased that for him too.  We have chatted online and called Amazon no less than 10 times because the this device won't recognize that he has Amazon Unlimited Music - it tells him that he doesn't have it and recommends and plays songs that he ""might like"" instead.  We are beyond frustrated that we have spoken with so many people at Amazon customer service and tech support and no one can resolve this issue.  We have spent hours on the amazon app, the alexa app and the amazon music app trying to get this thing to work......What a waste of time!  What's the point in purchasing Amazon Unlimited Music if if it isn't going to sync with this device?  And what was the point of purchasing this device because music is the only reason I purchased it for him?  Disappointment and not happy with this device :(."	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The first Echo-Auto was broken straight out if the package.  I contacted Amazon. It was refunded, and purchased a second for replacement.. thus far?  Exactly as expected.  Has the same functions as one of my home Echos, yet is sizeable and effective.  The recording quality is substandard and scratchy compared to built-in mic in my Ford Explorer, yet the overall Alexa integration is on par for what was expected.  3.5/4.0 stars out of 5.  Can't beat the price.  🤷‍♂️	3	October 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'm glad I got it because now I can cancel Sirix.	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works well to play music but does not work well with phone calls. For some reason it won't cross the audio over to my car Bluetooth but my car can make the phone calls so I just use that.	3	September 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like the idea, but there's too many glitches. Sure, maybe it's got better microphones but what good are they if in the end the commands are not executed? For example, it'd recognize the command about the news and It'll say ""here's what's new"" then...silence, then again and more silence (sometimes it just works), It'd recognize the command for playing a specific song then, just silence, until requested again. Sometimes it just fails to connect altogether, repeated instances of ""sorry...I lost connection with your device"" etc. So frustrating when you just want to hit the road and go and request songs, info etc, which is what this is supposed to facilitate. Instead you may find yourself struggling, disconnecting and reconnecting the power cable, sometimes that works, or you could try opening the app in your phone but that kind of distraction is very dangerous.In reality, perhaps this concept was DOA, the device is not really needed, you could just use your phone instead, but I thought I'd give it a try. I will reach out for support, maybe another unit will perform better, my return window has passed otherwise I'd send it back for refund."	2	January 4, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great device ☺️👍	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Work decent really my only complaint is the vent mount. When you are on a call they have a hard time hearing you if the a/c or heater is on . Really needs another mount so you can mount it in a cup holder or to the dash away from the vents.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Toma mucho tiempo en conectarse.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It fell apart	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"We were so excited to get our Echo for the car. My 3 year old is obsessed with our Echo in the house. I have an older car, that required both wires to be plugged in (the power one and the one that plugs into the speaker). It was very difficult to set up, and after it was set up it didn't always work. She was constantly ""having trouble connecting to the network"". It could be because we have poor cell service around our house, but it wasn't worth the $50 to keep it. I REALLY wanted it to work for us, but I returned it. I will just use the Amazon Music app and plug my iPhone into the hear phone jack in the car."	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I  like the Echo Auto but needs better innovation and voice regonition.	3	December 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to like this.  I am VERY disappointed that it is ""intrusive,"" requiring location and an ""always on"" feature in the app, which is a bad battery drain on my phone.  Doesn't seem necessary in either instance, other than to collect personal information.  Will not use regularly and will opt to only use for long road trips for hands-free options.  Expensive gadget for rare use."	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sooooo....For my first review I really wanted this to blow me out of the water, but alas it didn't.  I can already Bluetooth my phone to my stereo and without the extra cord, or the device that would stay connected to my air vent, or the pain of having to open an extra app and hope it connects.I really wanted to love this product, it just seemed redundant to what I am already capable of doing.  I expect more from Amazon and this seemed rushed to market and not at all well thought out like other items i have purchased in the past.I do have faith it will get better though, and when it does I am in!!!	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Way too often I have to reset this device to get it to connect to my phone. Answering phone calls with the device is a pain. Overall I enjoy the ability to have Bluetooth and XM radio in my work truck, but it definitely doesn’t work how I would expect.	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a Bluetooth receiver from a different brand I got from amazon, that receiver has a way better sound quality than this little thing. Paid about the same price. This Echo Auto lacks two things, bass/midrange and for some reason every now and then there is like a little hiccup for a split second. I wouldn't mid the hiccup at all if the sound quality was at least decent. If you have a good sound system in your car. ie upgraded speakers or higher trim speakers option. id suggest not to get this. If you have a 1995 Toyota corolla and the only speakers that work is the driver's side door I'd suggest you get it to try out.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really liked the idea for this. My car's bluetooth doesnt work great and I wanted to use this instead. It didnt work how I wanted it to. It wouldnt connect and then wouldnt go through the speakers. I definitely think this would work better in a car without bluetooth already. My car wasnt on the list for cars that is doesnt work with.	3	April 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea; it just doesn't always work.  I have a speech issue, but even my daughters can't always be understood.  The biggest problem I have, and I don't know if this is an Alexa or Audible issue, is that Alexa loses the episode it was formally on and will restart ones that have already been listened to repeatedly.  Podcasts are the main reason I used my Alexa Auto so it is very annoying.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There are dots, echoes and fire sticks  all over our house.  I love Alexa and use her all the time for timers, music, reminders, ordering, announcements, drop ins… all kinds of fun stuff. This is not that. The car version lacks in implementation, utility and capability.  The connection to the phone is wonky and doesn’t always work, If I had to put a percentage I’d say 50%.  There is not always a notification that it’s not connected and when you ask Alexa for something  you might just get the disappointing low toned “ boop “ it’s a frustrating sound.The big capability I though I would be getting would be directions on the fly.  Where’s the nearest wawa, how do I get home… but Alexa won’t do that, and in order to get directions, you need to ask Alexa and then interact with your smartphone that already has that capability.This is one of those items that sounds good but is going to clog up my desk drawer. Becuse it’s tooOld to return and too new to br mad enough at to just throw away.	1	August 31, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it worksWhen it Doesn't it friggin makes you want to throw it out the window. I have an iphone and with this Alexa it has to and wants to know your location every moment. It's tracking your location so much to the point where my phone tells me hey this things tracking you when you're not using it. In order for this thing to actually give you weather and directions through waze you have to let it track your location at all times. Also I have spotify linked up to my Alexa devices at home with little issues. In the car however it will totally have syncing issues with the spotify app and then go to amazon music or say sorry and not play anything. I don't hate it but if I pad 50 dollars for this then I would've returned it already.Amazon please work on your software integration with apps that the majority of people use like spotify and waze. You do not need to track our location constantly when not in use. There has to be a better way for handoff.	2	February 3, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Really worked well.  Voice recognition very good... but the case keeps on falling apart and it won't snap together firmly any longer.  A bit of pain/hazard while driving - when the whole thing just falls apart to the floor of the drivers feet.  Works very well though.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is, at best, a somewhat serviceable addition to my car. The ability to access my lists, play music, and play texts is helpful. However, the device is unable to recognize any notifications that weren't SMS or amazon notifications, voice recognition is iffy at best, and using the navigation feature for anything besides saved checkpoints is nearly useless. Furthermore, the music notification pops up in my notification bar for hours after leaving my vehicle no matter how many times I swipe to dismiss. If you're looking for something for rote automation tasks, this will serve you fine as long as you can tolerate an assistant with the functionality of Siri of years past.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's no different than having Echo at home, only it's in your car.  If you have a halfway decent nav system, a lot of what you'd use it for would be duplicative.  But, if you have a question on anything else, it's useful.  Little tricky at first figuring out how to get it to talk over my radio, but finally figured it out.  Only problem is that it has to be on a dedicated channel (auxiliary), so I can't listen to the songs on my car's HD. Sure, I can stream through Alexa, but I'm not sure if that'll be eating up data (can't find an answer to that), as Echo Auto goes through my phone (so it probably is using data ...)	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this to operate the SiriusXm app between my cell and Apple play.It works great but since it is connected by bluetooth it constantly disconnects my cell from the truck.Kind of defeats the purpose.If your just looking to have an ALexa in your auto, this is great!If you want to use it integrate your phone and our truck, it's a dud...	2	February 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As a family, we love the echo.  We have two original echos, three Dots, and two Shows.  The Auto did not work for us.  Nothing worked perfectly, and one important feature does not work at all.The car power adapter does not sit well in the hole, so if I bump it, the Auto loses power.  Even though the iPhone 7 is connected to the car's bluetooth, and other apps (Waze, phone, etc) use the car audio, we could not get the echo to talk to the car audio.  This is a deal killer right there.  Meanwhile, the Auto keeps dropping its connection to the phone, and we have to reboot the echo to reconnect, nothing else works.  When it can keep a connection, it still doesn't act unless I have great signal, like 4-bar-LTE great.  Finally, when I can get everything else to work, recognition rate is far below what we get at home.  It's frustrating to have to tinker with it for five minutes to get it to work, only have to repeat myself five times.  Very disappointed.  This thing is going in the electronics junk drawer.	2	October 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Attractive and responsive Alexa for the vehicle that actually worked smoothly HOWEVER I am deducting 2 stars because we were unable to get it to connect to more than one of our iPhones which is a major issue in a shared vehicle.  I’d suggest allowing the device to seamlessly connect to multiple phones (only one at a time is perfectly fine, on a first come first connected basis). If it only recognizes my phone for example — when my wife is driving the vehicle and I’m not with her, the Alexa is nothing more than a paperweight.Another suggestion is to make it rechargeable so we can lose the charge cable.Fix this multiple user/phone issue and it’s a 5 star item.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Clearly not ready for prime time release. I bought 2, one for me and one for my wife. First both required an incredible amount of time/trys to get them to pair. They worked sort of. First and foremost they both proved to be an incredible drain on our respective phones’ batteries ( my Apple 11 pro and her galaxy s6) whether actually connected or no. Mine at first would send texts, but then quit, saying it wasn’t supported. My wife’s texts worked sporadically. Mine then refused to stop playing music, even when I left the car and hitting pause lasted about 2 seconds. On the other hand my wife’s would randomly start playing music-both in and out of the car. These devices seem to be “beta” releases at best. No small wonder they haven’t sold well nor been promoted. They are frustrating at best and worthless at worst. Shame on Amazon for using paying customers for what they surely knew or should have known was beta testing.	2	August 4, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Its basically just alexa on your phone coming through your car speakers. Same functionality, it even connects your phone and requires alexa to be installed on your phone to function.Q: How is this different than connecting your phone to your car with bluetooth and saying ""Hey Alexa!""A: Its not, its not at all different.Come on Amazon. quit giving me the same crap over and over again, repackaged and marketed as a new thing. I want to believe in Alexa and have a smart home but this is just useless if you have a smartphone. Here's a secret amazon, everrrrrrrry body has a smartphone now, even 3rd world countries have smartphones everywhere.Cheers"	3	January 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that I can actually listen to what I want to hear and not a bunch of commercials. I also like that I was actually able to drop in on a device at home when I was unable to reach a cellphone. There has to be more people than myself that thinks of something they need to do or pickup but can't remember it when they reach their destination. My new auto echo friend has made it possible to add to my list while driving. I'm not saying it's  perfect because it isn't.  Some days it seems it takes forever to connect/find my phone. Like all technology I'm sure they will improve it in time	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What a joke.  Required a phone and Amazon app to use (not just to set up). Requires two wires to hang in the open and creates a ground loop with the connection that requires an additional filter to remove noise. Frequently disconnects from radio and is hard to reconnect.  Prompts you with “do not use while driving” to make you say “I’m a passenger”. Royal pain. Much worse than the ones in the house. Frankly, I’m liking little things about my Google device.  Ask it for the temperature and you get the temperature, not the f***ing weather. The 8 mics are nice. Now, if the product worked I’d say yeah.It’s been capping out my data plan at 35 gig a month also affecting my cameras that use the same plan.  I continued using for months thinking it was the cameras causing the high usage.  $160 a month on AT&T plan, and more recently $82 a month on Consumer Cellular.  Way too much for this piece of junk.  It’s disconnected and removed from the car… never to be used again. Absolute rubbish.	2	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Echo devices and we really like them around the house but the Echo Auto isn't quite there yet. First off let me tell you what this is. This is not a stand alone Echo device. This is a microphone to control the Alexa app on your phone. If you don't have the app running this doesn't do anything other than act as a bluetooth microphone. I think the most frustrating thing is when you are driving and have bad data Echo Auto is totally useless and to make it worse now the Alexa app on my phone keeps signing off on me. I start the app and start my drive only to find out when I make a request to make a phone call or play some music only to get a bonk sound play through my stereo. This is supposed to be a hands free device but I find myself trying to quick sign in while I'm stopped or just not using it because it would be unsafe to get the app running again. It would be awesome to have a fully functioning Echo in my truck but this misses the mark.	2	December 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Auto version appealed to me because I loved the aspect of having Alexa along with me in the car (14 Chevy traverse)!  The setup was relatively easy and the mount stayed put well. But it took a long time to hook up to my phone (iPhone 11) Bluetooth or would just drop connection in the middle of a trip- even when hooked with audio cord, which is ultimately why I returned my device due to my impatience. Alexa was able hear over music relatively well and she reduced the sound on radio so you could hear her speak. She has most capabilities that the echo dots have!	3	March 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It opens each time I turn on the Car works well to connect to the phone, I can request songs, etc and it plays out the car since using the phone as a media device.  It really is just a Bluetooth microphone for Alexa it does work just not sure it's worth $49  I got my on Amazon day for a bit less money.  It's in my car I use it every day.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is basically a $40 “always on” mic for the Alexa app already in your phone.Connects pretty Easy and it’s not a terrible idea at all. I can turn the lights off in my house from my car on the way to work when I’m running late, but admittedly I could do that with the Alexa app before. there are many times that she will say “playing Spotify” after requesting music from said service, but then.....silence....until I unlocked the phone and opened the app and requested requested music again. Seeing as Spotify is my main music service, this may not be the device for me. I assume that it encounters less issues with amazon music.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Solo en inglés que mal	3	December 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works!... However it does run on the battery so this can be an issue when constantly using power. Since my vehicle has constant power to the adapters even with the car off, I do have to unplug it in order to not drain the battery. After powering back on it is a 50/50 chance it will sync itself to your phone but most the time you have to go into your setting to reset it up through the bluetooth.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited about this echo auto since my car does not have Bluetooth but I’ve been having issues with voice commands when driving. It doesn’t really skip songs or stop or do anything I ask while driving  I have to repeat myself two or three times. Sound is great, and it’s a really good concept I just wish it’s more attentive to react like the echo dots	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Cons- trouble connecting to Alexa App- Randomly repeats information; especially during the Jeopardy app- mic has a tough time picking voice- delay when prompted: this could be a car specific issue (2018 RAV 4 connected to USB port), but the mic will signal that it’s on but it is delayed making the “ping” sound- mount and cable management are a mess.Pros- Having Alexa for things like turning on the lights as you get home or adjusting temperatures in the house is novel- It’s fun to play games like Jeopardy on long car rides- it’s a lot easier and safer to ask Alexa to pick up a song vs trying to pick a song off your phone.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	On the categories measured by ⭐ it does the job, but why on gods green earth doesn't this thing have integrated bluetooth or a rechargeable battery? The cables are a nuisance, the clip is bearable at best. The product details don't tell you, that there's vehicles this device isn't recommended for. I'd be pissed if I didn't get it at sauce a low price point during Prime Days.Fool me once I guess. It works, but it doesn't make it easy	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto is a great idea in principle, but it's obviously still under construction. At this time, it's great at frustrating you to the point you want to throw it out the window.I call it my ""Your Echo Auto lost its connection, try again later"" device. Most of the time, it's incapable of establishing a connection automatically with your Alexa app on your phone. You have to open the Alexa app, unplug the Echo Auto and plug it back in, and then tell the Alexa app that you're a passenger cause, sure, Amazon, wink wink, I'm the passenger.Once you've cleared that hurdle, then half the rest of the time, it can't get a network connection anyway. Funny. All my other apps are connecting fine. For the record, I'm an iPhone user with Verizon. Sometimes after repeating all the above 3 times till it finally works, it just loses connection again within ten minutes.The quarter of the time when it works as advertised, it's actually quite useful. But the aggravation the rest of the time makes me want to crash into the nearest wall.I'm sure it'll be great someday. Can't wait."	2	November 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo auto didn’t seem to connect very easily. It also would connect to my phone and not to my autos blue tooth.I also had to shout for Alexa to hear me while driving. It was a bit disappointing. I wouldn’t buy it again.	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I did not want to give this product a one star but i couldn't use it as intended. My phone is a one plus 6 and this phone did not enjoy being connected to this device. You also need the Alexa app running in the background, which may reduce battery life in all phones. If i want to i can use the Alexa app on my phone while connected to Bluetooth in the car. You need to press a button but that is not an issue. Product got regifted and the new owner enjoys it for it's ability to make the stock stereo Bluetooth. In the end, it made a good Christmas gift.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I just bought this product Nov 3 it arrived , I was very excited ... let's start with pros .... nice design , pretty easy setup just make sure you have a good connection from your phone great sound quality , sleek and very slender look ....Cons......Does not follow proper command , I was driving in my vehicle I asked Alexa to play a certain artist , alexa says she doesn't know the artist ... really humm ok .... also if music is too loud and you say alexa ... it cannot hear you at all , loses connection when everything is already plugged up and ready to go but just leaves you hanging for let's say 2 or 3 minutes	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My wife purchased Alexa Auto for me for Christmas and it isn't working the best.  It seems to heavily depend on the Internet, which makes since, but I have enough coverage to use my cell phone wherever i go, but Alexa doesn't work most of the time.  I pretty much have to get it going before i leave and it works after that, but if i am on the road, it doesn't want to work. I know i would love the functionality of the Alexa Auto, but it needs to get better.  I am sure 5G will help that, but it will be many years before it is in all places...	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First let me say I love my Alexa devices, my home ones anyway. The Alexa Auto is a good product and eventually I feel it will be on the same level as the home models. There are some bugs that need worked out, or with my vehicles sound system anyway. When I'm playing music and have Alexa do a task it puts my stereo into pause mode and will not resume after Alexa completes the task. I have noticed if there is a lot of road noise Alexa has a hard time understanding me and has occasionally done something other than what I asked. I think eventually these bugs will be worked out but right now there are some issues.	3	November 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is interesting.  It is just a hands-free speaker/microphone that replaces my bluetooth aux audio adapter.I don't know that I have seen/experienced anything about this device that is superior to others on the market.  It requires a bluetooth connection to your phone as well as the Alexa app installed.Connections seem spotty, but when it works, it is fine.  My wife has the most issues as she connects to the Echo Auto as well as a Bluetooth Aux adapter.  That is far more problematic as there are three connections instead of just the one.  She does this because her Echo Auto seems to have sound quality issues with her Aux connection.I hope this gets better.	3	November 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wish the instructions were a little better.  I purchased this because I have a video player installed in my car but not Bluetooth. I was hoping I could use it through my audio input but the connector was a different size so I had to return it.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Edit 11/24/2020:  Ignore my previous post from years ago after buying this junk.  After having this item for 2 years, I finally gave up.  EVERYTIME I started my 2014 Infiniti, the Amazon Auto device lost connection with my phone, even though the Bluetooth connection was solid.  I had to manually open the Alexa app on my phone to connect it.  Just noticed this device is only $19.99 now.  It was $49.99 2 years ago.  This is the ONLY  Alexa device I own that is solid JUNK!!!  I finally angrily removed it and threw it in the floor!!  I've changed my original 3 star rating to 1 start, though in all honestly it deserves ZERO STARS!!!This device does have potential, but I almost returned it initially. I didn’t like the air vent mount. It looks tacky with the cord, so I just rest the unit next to my shifter. Your Bluetooth MUST be on. A few times a week, it loses connectivity with the Alexa app, so I end up fittling with my phone, which isn’t safe while driving. The response time after saying “Alexa” is also very slow, especially compared with my regular Alexa devices at home. On a positive note, I love the flexibility of asking it to play a song or what the weather is. Of course, if you use the USB port in your car to charge your phone, this device won’t work. After having this device for almost a month, I would recommend, but I do hope amazon continues to send out updates to make this more functional.	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Alexa Integration did not work with my 2016 Toyota RAV4.  It however worked okay inside my house when connected to my home WiFi, but when I placed it my car it just would not sync up with my vehicles system or iPhone.  I made several attempts, and finally gave up and sent Echo Auto back to Amazon.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The poor thing has a hard time hearing/responding at times. Kind of like speaking to an elderly person with hearing problems, such as... a grandmother named Alice:You: “Grandma, can you tell me if it raining?”Alice: “What?”You: “CAN YOU TELL ME IF IT IS RAINING?”Alice: “WHAT?”LOLWhen this device works and it hears you... it’s a beauty! Trouble is... it gets fussy and disconnects from your APP — frequently! therefore, when you’re in the middle of the road and it’s asking you to tinker with the APP to connect again... obviously you cant do it while driving, so you’re pretty much screwed!I agree with other reviewers; it’s not quite ready for prime time. Great concept that needs some better software updates.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love the idea of having my car integrated with a smart home system especially since I have the Blink cameras. Responds fairly quick and seamless integration and sound quality is very well put together when saying “Alexa”. Music dims down so you can hear Alexa and she can hear you.Downside is the system seems to never pick up on the first try. So I always have to say “Alexa” and listen to it say it is having trouble connecting but when I say “Alexa” again it works fine. I use Apple Music so it seems like it doesn’t always play the right song I’m saying even when referring to the artist.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Unless you feed the audio from the Echo into the aux terminal of the car's audio system, you do not hear any response from Alexa. If  you do that you loose any other incoming entertainment such as satellite radio or over the air programs.	2	May 8, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I get that this is an “aftermarket” item for your car and this is the first generation of the product but it just feels clunky to me. Had to try to get through the setup process about 8 times before it finally worked. It was frustrating. Haven’t used it too much in the car yet, only random questions like weather and sports scores to see if it was working. If you have a car without steering wheel radio controls, having to switch from radio or satellite to Bluetooth output, or if you use Bluetooth to listen to music on your phone, could get dicey. It’s a good idea to get Alexa into cars that don’t have it built in, but needs work to make the integration a little cleaner	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this would be like having an actual echo device in the car, but what it really is is a remote microphone for the Alexa app on your phone.  It works well as a remote microphone for the Alexa app, but if you already have your phone connected to the Bluetooth stereo in your vehicle and the Alexa app on your phone, adding the Echo Auto does nothing except give you the ability to use the wake word instead touching the phone.I have a late model Ford and the Ford + Alexa app provides the same capability along with the ability to have directions fed directly in to the vehicle’s built in navigation among other things.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Instructions weren’t really clear	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that I can ask Alexa things while I am driving, however, I don’t like that, when i am leaving my home, I can not connect to Alexa until I am about 2 miles down the road because, when I am ready to leave my house, I turn Alexa on and the echo immediately Connects to the WiFi In my home. So, Alexa will continue to say,”I’m having trouble connecting”I would like it if it would have a Cellular connection immediately.I also do not like that it always has to be plugged in to the charging port in the car.The wire from the echo to charging port looks Sloppy	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The only thing I dislike about this device is the volume leveling. When it plays music vs podcasts vs phone calls, the audio level is different. This discrepancy has been highly annoying and has effected the speakers in my vehicle. It would be perfect if I could manually adjust the volume output in the app or if it was smart enough to alter this on its own.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought the Echo Auto after receiving an invite from Amazon. Set up was easy but I found the device unreliable. It would connect just fine one moment, then the next it would lose connectivity with my phone and stop working. I spent some time using trial and error to find that it was dropping Bluetooth connectivity if my phone was in my pocket, rather than in the cupholder or on the seat. My car has Bluetooth built in and I thought this would be great for that Alexa experience while driving but it really wasn't worth the trouble. Now I just use my phone to play music in the car, which works fine even with my phone in my pocket 20ft away from the car.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing is terrible. I love the idea. I hate the integration. I had so many problems getting the unit set up, the adding contacts, connecting it to my accounts. And it wouldn't even send or read a text message. There was about 1-2 seconds of lag in bluetooth between device and my car. Playing the Wait Wait Quiz or Jeopardy game was impossible because the device would time out waiting for an answer when the question hadn't even finished. The Alexa App had a memory leak too, so after connecting and disconnecting so many times it would eventually crash my phone. I got it for free as a promo, then and traded it to a friend for Taco Bell. #BestTradeOfMyLife.	3	November 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought two units one for me the other for my wife. One quit working the next day the other is still working. Couldn't return bad one because past return date when got around to  installing it. So its a mixed bag, if you get a good one they work fine,other wise your are out the cash if you get a bad one and don't install it right away.	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've had this for a few months now and I can say confidently that I am disappointed in it.  When it works, it allows me to have hands free control of music in the car which was my primary reason for purchasing.  Key words: when it works.  More than half the time, there is an issue connecting to my phone.  So, I basically end up either not being able to listen or I am futzing around with it which defeats the purpose of having something that should be making my drive safer.  I had envisioned just being able to plug it in and use seamlessly after initial set up.  This has not been the case, though.Also, I think generally speaking, Alexa sucks at recognizing what music I want.  That's a separate issue but it relates to my overall dissatisfaction with this product.  I'd say it's a 50-50 shot that if I make a request, Alexa will get it wrong.Anyway, glad I was able to get this for 1/2 off as it has not delivered on what was promised.  Would not recommend.	2	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is the most pointless thing ever. Every single thing I asked Alexa to do required me to unlock my phone and punch something in, which kind of defeats the whole purpose. And that was only if Alexa felt like connecting that day. Most days, it just didn’t even bother trying.Maybe I would have excused this if the sound quality on music streamed through Alexa was flawless...  it ain’t. Think old CDs, or FM radio circa 1992. Or, more accurately, an online stream goes through your phone’s data, bounces to Alexa auto, which then runs through a kazillion wires into your auxiliary. (Okay, I’m being slightly hyperbolic/inaccurate but this is legit what it sounds like.)All this begs the question...  if all Alexa Auto does is connect to your phone via Bluetooth and your phone is actually doing the work—like on navigation and answering info questions—why do you need Alexa in the middle playing operator?  Just use your Siri, Google Assistant, etc.Don’t even get me started on how you could not change the wake word on this. My entire house uses “Echo,” but the car uses “Alexa?”  Ugh.Bottom line: You have to have a smartphone for this to work, but everything it does can already be done by your smartphone.	1	January 1, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like having Alexa in my home because it works well to connect lights, alarms, audiobooks, and music through one system that can be shared throughout the home. I was excited to get the echo auto to extend that integration into my car. I get it and set it up only to discover that I can't change the wake word from the default ""Alexa"" to my preferred ""Computer"" which is how I have the rest of the echos set up in my house.  Amazon has their excuses for this such as ease of recognition for the device and the lack of need to distinguish between rooms which echo one is talking to. These are not good enough to be considered reasons for not including one of the selling points for having this system.I have a friend named Alex who is often in my car (and house, in part the reason for ""computer."" also Star Trek). I am used to using ""computer"" throughout my house and it makes for sense as a wake word for me and my housemate. ""Alexa"" does not work for me as a wake word and so being able to set it to ""computer"" is a huge part of why I like using Alexa.I am returning this product and will buy it again if and only if Amazon makes available the ability to set the wake word to any of the others they already have available in every other echo product (that I know of)."	1	April 28, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I used it for a road trip. Could've just used my phone	3	December 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wish there was so much more integrated - like Alexa would integrate with Google maps, search online for hotels and restaurants near you as you are traveling (or along your route within a certain number of miles). I also think the design is really clunky. The fact that I have a cord hanging down from the unit (and constantly getting caught - causing the unit to disengage) is not conducive to either aesthetics or practicality. The holder does fit into the air vent but also falls off easily, and the actual unit does not attach tightly enough to the holder. It is constantly falling off for no good reason. One last thing. I really hate that it chimes every time I open the car door.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this Condition: Used - GoodMinor cosmetic imperfection on the item.One and 1/2 months later it split in two and won't fit together again!I was removing it form my automobile and it just came off in two pieces.It cost more than they do now!	3	June 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is just a microphone connected via Bluetooth to the Alexa app.  It does nothing else.  It has a built-in speaker, but only uses it when there is a problem.  Normally it insists on using the speaker on my phone or Bluetooth from my phone to the radio.  The Alexa app on my phone often logs me out.  When this happens, this device is completely useless.  I have to pull over and log in just to get driving directions or the weather.  Obviously account related stuff should not work when logged out, but general stuff should.This does not work nearly as well as an Echo Dot.  I ended up just buying a car power adapter for one of my Dots and using my phone as a Wi-Fi hotspot.  It is able to use its own speaker and is not limited by the Alexa app.	1	April 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I let my daughter use my Echo Auto a few days after using it myself.  I disconnected my Samsung phone.  She connected her iPhone.  After she used it, she disconnected her phone.  Then, I tried for over 8 hours to reconnect my phone to it using the written instructions again.  This time, it just kept refusing to reconnect.  I worked in IT, followed the instructions, and scraped the internet for tech advice.  This was not a user error.  This product is very buggy.  When I finally got my phone to connect with the Echo Auto, my phone kept disconnecting on it's own.  I still have to manually reconnect a lot these days.  And, I am afraid to let my daughter use my Echo Auto again.  These huge bugs needs to be ironed out before releasing the product to the public.	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Useful if looking to bypass Bluetooth delay that exists in 2011 unconnect system or if you rely on Alexa to control house. Not perfect still doesn’t always understand clearly or respond properly. GPS is not great but allows iPhone to bring up gps while locked since every iPhone owner knows annoying unlock message that come up. Not much different from other echos. Alexa like Siri is still years from being frustration free	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am an Alexa fanboy.  I have lots of Alexa devices and use them every day.  I was elated to be given a invitation to buy this.I had hoped this would be a fun device for the car we would use frequently.  It is not.  It is a frustrating device I likely won't use again.  Initial set up took two tries.  Since then I have had to set it up again.  Yesterday I tried to get it to connect 7 times on a short 10 mile trip while someone else drove.  It failed to connect over and over again.  It never connected and I imagine if I want to use it today I'll have to set it up again or it won't connect.  If I had to set up my home Alexa devices everyday when I wanted to use them they would already be in the trash.  Until I can set up this device once and it work at least 90% of the time when I get in the car it will remain at the bottom of my glove box unused.  Was a waste of money and my time.	2	October 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My SO purchased this for me.  She said information claimed to be compatible with my 2003 Ford F150.  After following the install instructions I discovered a Bluetooth radio was required to take advantage of the vehicle sound system as well as the Alexa app running on my phone.  The device does work but all responses use my phone speaker.  I attempted to use the midi cable connected to a cassette adaptor but that didn't work either.  I could just as easily mount my phone to the dashboard and use it and cut out the Echo Auto.  Looks like my SO will be using the device in her 2013 car.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Just a less useful, more complicated version of Apple’s “Hey Siri”	3	December 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for Amazon Auto which weren't met. Too bad, as I've enjoyed several Echo Dots and smart plugs at home.Echo Auto failed on several key items -1) Microphones didn't pick up Alexa commands well, I had to frequently raise my voice to get her attention2) The connection was laggy and broken up, even with Aux Input3) Direct use of the phone is superior, using Alexa commands there4) Asking for directions was more cumbersome than with the phone - this should have been perfect for Echo AUTOI'll probably try it again when another version is rolled out, but this one was disappointing	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa is in our home.  One of the great things it does is act as an intercom between floors for my mother who has an apartment in the basement.  I love using it for multiple things so when I received the offer for the Echo for my truck, I was so excited.  When I finally got it set up, I was pleased until I turned the truck off and it didn't automatically connect when I started the truck again.  UGH!  So now I have to figure out what I did to connect it the first time.  Very frustrating that each time, I'll have to do this.  Otherwise, I would love the product.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Not what it is made out to be. First off, the 2 wires running down the front of my car is a hazard and just looks so tacky for this ""modern"" piece of technology.  It basically does nothing great. I tried to get it set up and had to keep the Alexa app open for it to work. That seems kind of pointless if I want to text or call someone while I am driving I have to remember to open the app first? My car has Bluetooth connectivity for calls but it wouldn't work for this device. I had to have both the USB and the aux cord plugged in. Both plugs are on opposite sides of my main radio area so I had cords on both sides strung up to the Echo. The cords were way too long and too bulky for me to try and do anything else with my radio like even turn up the volume. It just doesn't seem like it is up to par with the rest of Amazon's Alexa capable items. I am returning it since it doesn't do as it said it would and is more of a driving distraction than a help."	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice recognition was okay when the windows were all closed and the air conditioner was no higher than medium. This was not in direct line of an air flow and yet the sound of the airflow quite often gave me incorrect results. Before I got frustrated and pulled it out of the car I found the integration to be okay. If I asked for the weather it would give me the weather. If I asked for directions it would throw me to Google maps and I would get directions. It didn't really do anything more than my Samsung Galaxy s20 plus does. In regard to the sound quality: the only sound I was able to use was coming directly from the device. Although my car was not on the list of cars it didn't work with, it does not work with my car. Bottom line, I'll stick with my phone. Hope this helps.	2	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The unit does not connect automatically way to many times.  I have to stop my car and connect manually via the app if I want to use the unit.  The unit does not respond to commands to much and reverts to the last station played, even when it is requested to change, when using TuneIn, Pandora and Iheart apps.  I like the ability for it to read and send texts and is pretty accurate when 'voice texting.'  My vehicle will make phone calls hands free and so that feature is not a plus or minus for me.  At times the reaction to commands, specifically with music apps has been frustrating.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great product for certain features.  We love how easily the product integrated with our phones and stereo.  The voice recognition works really well, even with the windows down.  The voice recognition works as well, if not better, than the home units.That being said, we have two units (one for each car), and both have the same bug -- when you send or receive phone calls, the Alexa unit tends to mute to microphone.  We have had to switch the phones to speaker when we get calls.  Hyper annoying, but hopefully will be fixed soon.Even with the issue, we have purchased two of them and love them.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is obviously the first edition of this product. It works most of the time in my newest car which is a 2018 model Hyundai ionic. When I try to use it in my older model truck which has an off-market brand Bluetooth radio it struggles. when everything is working I can tell it just about anything I need it to do. I would like for it to also tell me my notifications when they come in on my phone and help me send out messages when needed. It will let me do that sometimes but I never get notifications. Maybe I don't know how to set that up.	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like my echo auto, but I live in S. Florida and it gets very hot in the car. I have to take my echo and stick it in the vent of the A/C to work, then I have to remove my echo to talk to it.In fairness to echo. I love it. I have an older model vehicle and it was very simple to hook up. It's great that I can listen to what ever I'm in the mood for. My daughter takes control of it when she's in the car and likes the mobility of putting it in the back seat and plugs in her headphones.I would give it 5 🌟, but cooling it off so that I can use it...........	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Idea of Alexa in the car is a great concept, but it has some ways to go. The mount is large, cumbersome, it renders an air vent useless, and looks just stupid! The device itself is nice looking, but the friggin power wire hanging is annoying (I have bluetooth in the car). Trying to connect to this thing was a nightmare! After three days of trying, I gave up, and just left it setup. Randomly, it connected while I was driving. I have not had the random disconnects like others (thank goodness), but it's sort of cumbersome to operate. Meaning that I have to have it on the Aux. channel to use it, so if I want to listen to the radio I lose the ability to use the device. When asking for directions, I thought it would display the map on the monitor on my radio for a visual reference, but I have to switch back to Auxiliary to hear it which means no radio. I thought that I would like this product and really wanted to , but Google Assistant on my phone and Android Auto is way better, so I will be sticking to what works.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to like this, I really do, but it has quite a few bugs to work out.For example, my biggest issue is that the Echo will continue to do whatever it was doing once the car is shut off and bluetooth connection is cut.  For example, when listening to Audible - if I shut the car off without turning off the Alexa app, the Audible will continue to play (somewhere) and when I come back to it, the book will have advanced to however long I was gone.It also does not reconnect to the bluetooth well at all.  Often, after a call, the echo will take minutes to reconnect to music, audbile, etc.  It is often quicker to close the app and start over - which is not conducive while driving.Frankly, simply using my phone via a bluetooth connect to my car is much smoother and efficient than trying to go through the Echo device and the Alexa app.So far, I am very disappointed and often times just find myself unplugging out of frustration.I will gladly update this review if and when improvements start to be implemented.	2	November 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Once we got this all set up, it worked OK. The issues I ran into were that I have too many connected devices and either my car or this device would not cooperate. My phone, watch, and the echo auto would all show the music playing any time I used the echo and if any of those devices sound was turned down, I wouldn't be able to hear anything through my car. Using the echo to play music also made skipping songs frustrating because I now had to use the wake word and wait for alexa to respond each time instead of just pushing a button on my steering wheel. Overall this made my listening experience in my car more inconvenient.	3	November 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	More at a novelty in my opinion.  It relies on your phone/vehicle Bluetooth connection to work.  With most Phones already having a voice assistant adding the echo auto is like adding an unnecessary middle man for voice control.  Yes it does bring echo skills to your car but how much of it do you really need. If you have an older vehicle that doesn’t have Bluetooth, I can see this filling that void. Also, if your deep into the amazon echo system with smart devices for your home I could also see this being useful.  Outside of those two reasons i don’t see much of a use for it unless you prefer saying “Alexa” instead of “hey...”.	3	November 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa she's become a part of my family she's like my bff so I refuse sending her back lol but the voice recognition is not as good as a dot you literally have to scream at it sometimes since it doesn't hear you. Pls fix that 😊 thank you	3	June 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa for the auto does most things well but there is one area that it’s truly lacking. I would like to be able to use my contacts to bring up a GPS app but that function does not work the way it should. It should be totally hands-free.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the Alexa auto works it works great, I can change songs, artists, switch to audio books all hands free. I especially love that it integrates with google maps, giving me audio, that is not obscured by the music.That said, the device is glitchy, often cutting out, and sometimes not coming back up on its own. I have even times when it would not connect to my phone for days. Once I had to reset the device, and uninstall and reinstall the software to get it to work again.I do love this device overall, but I wish that it worked more consistently without having to be rebooted or reset on a weekly basis.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A little wonky, unless you're just massively obsessed with your Alexa devices and being married to them at all times you can probably skip this one. I bought this on black Friday (I think?) at a super low price (Maybe it was prime day? Can't remember) otherwise it wouldn't have been worth the price. Just kind of a gimicky thing; like do you really need an Alexa in your car? Probably not.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I managed to snag one through an invite to buy. Easy to setup, not a bad looking device, a little big. The voice recognition is very hit or miss. The audio output is good but nothing but negative feedback from people on the other end of a voice call. The lack of physical buttons for answering and ending a call are a deal breaker. Way to awkward to have to say “ Alexa, answer the phone” when I could just tap a button without taking my eyes from the road. Same button should be used for pausing and starting audio. Again puling up to a drive through and saying “Alexa, pause music” is too awkward. I don’t see what this offers over smaller, Bluetooth devices and Siri. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not an Alexa hater, I have an echo is just about every room of the house. This just isn’t a good product. Oh, and it can’t stand up to the Texas summer temps inside the car. It won’t work until the inside cools off. I went back to using a generic bt + audio out device that’s been in my car for a couple of years.	2	October 19, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While the Echo does work the problem I have is may be more to do with my car than then Echo itself.  I have a 2010 VW in order for the Echo to work I have to have the radio on a certain mode.  Radio is on but not for music.  The other thing is if you do have the radio on for music your phone won't ring only vibrate, so you need to have the phone close to you.  You would have to unplug the Echo is you want your phone to ring or leave the radio on the other mode and it will ring using car speakers.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Set this up between the driver and passenger seat because the provided cables weren't long enough to reach the suggested location on top of the dash or using a vent. Setup was easy and the device connected to my phone. It hears me just fine but is slower than a regular echo to pick up on the wake word.Only issue I've found is if I start playing music using Alexa and then skip a song either with my phone or car buttons then the infotainment screen does not update with the new song. Asking Alexa any command or waking her will cause it to update. If I have not skipped any songs and the song ends normally then the infotainment does update.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So I got the Echo Auto....it was relatively easy to set up, but I find that it has a great deal of difficulty staying connected to my hotspot connected phone.....often it says, ""I'm having trouble connecting to the network""....I finally gave up on it and decided just to use the Amazon Music app on my phone to stream music and I recently discovered that I can talk to the app just like I can talk to the echo (provided the app is in the open position)....the echo just appears to be a device that does pretty much the same thing that you can already do with your phone...."	3	March 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product relies heavly on the data plan of your cellular plan, so make sure you have unlimited. Otherwise, the product responds in a similar way to the Alexa home devices. It makes adding appointments or creating a list easier and music on command is a  must have. I wish there where more apps to tie my car into the experience, like for my remote start, I own a Viper DS4+ system, voice commands would be awesome, like lock, unlock, remote start, I know some car manufacturers  offer this. I am unsure why it asks about the touchscreen, as mine wasn't a display device. Overall good product with lots of personal potential.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like it and I use it in my car every single day to change SiriusXM stations and general questions. What I don’t like is that it doesn’t have an app to integrate to Waze so you can just tell her to take you somewhere. My biggest issue is that you can’t change the wake word and half the time when I get to my car I actually have to go to Bluetooth and manually connect it to my phone instead of it connecting every single time like clockwork. Sometimes also she tells me that she can’t connect right now and then I asked the same question again and then it connects. I just need some stability issues corrected.	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I could see Alexa Echo being helpful if you have an older car without Bluetooth. That could be a gamechanger. But for me, ultimately it didn't do much for me that Google Assistant couldn't do and it just was one more wire and one more device taking up room in my car. Reasonably priced however.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't really find myself using Alexa often enough to justify me purchasing this product.I didn't have trouble completing initial setup but it's so easy for the Echo to lose Bluetooth connection while I'm driving which kinda defeats the purpose of having an Echo product in the car.I do enjoy playing games on it while I'm driving around sometimes or to play NPR or something but that's really about it. I don't find myself using its other features because they're unreliable (nearest gas station is actually farther away from ACTUALLY gas stations close by) or because I don't own anything compatible with Alexa.I guess I like the idea of this product but it just needs more work.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am disappointed in the implementation of Alexa for your automobile.  I thought that the ability to pick up my voice in a much more noisy environment such as a moving vehicle would have been thoroughly tested before release. I have to repeat myself a lot for it to be heard and then it's right only about 60% of the time.  The mount is great if you have the fins on your vents as shown in the instructions.  The ones on my Toyota Tundra are not that style so there is really no way to mount it on the vents.  Hopefully, version 2.0 will have more powerful microphones and have a better mount.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo auto has its bugs. Loss of connection is a big one.Ive had to factory reset it 3 times in the month that ive had it. The alexa app and echo auto dont seem to communicate well with each other. The aux cable that came with it is a little short for the center console on a chevy equinox. On a positive note when it does connect its pretty good. The sound it produces through aux is better than my radio and cd. It needs a lot of work and i hope they dont abandon the echo auto and keep improving it but at a discount to those that already purchased it.Nice idea it just needs something extra to compete with other in car options available.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Now that I have the ""system"" figured out, I really like this device. You have to make sure the app is off when you get in the car, make sure you connect your phones bluetooth to the Echo Auto, then launch the app.  You also have to wait until the disclaimer pops up that says ""You are a passenger"". I understand why they do that, but if that disclaimer doesn't pop up the Echo Auto will not connect. Lots of steps, but I have an older vehicle with no Sirius, so this is perfect for music and now that I have it figured out, it's pretty easy.  Take care of those steps to connect and its 5 out of 5!"	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m sure this product is great for a newer car that will connect automatically, but for my 2015 Honda Pilot, it’s a bust. I have to manually plug in Alexa and change my output to get the functionality. I can do the same with my Siri completely hands free. I prefer Alexa to Siri, but the whole point was to make transitioning from house to car seamless.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The only thing I don't like about it is the Amazon Alexa app runs my battery down. After I cut my car off & close the app it just continually pops up & I have to go into the settings & force stop the app every day when I get to work. VERY inconvenient.  It's a lot more work than I planned on doing. Even if the battery drain didn't happen I would still have to force stop it because the audio player stays in the notifications & I can't take it after I'm done using it. Hopefully the app will get updated & I'll update my review.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've been waiting for this and finally got it and now, I'm sort of disappointed.It was easy to connect to my car's bluetooth when I first synced auto echo auto. Enjoyed it on my first drive. The second time, it didn't sync. I forgot that you need to turn on the app prior to use. I had to try to turn it on while driving or else no Alexa. It does take a few moment for the app to sync and once done, you're good to go or not...You can be playing iHeart and the next moment it will suddenly stop or after giving command to play something else, it would freeze. Too much to bother while you're trying to pay attention to the road. You can unplug and re-plug it in to start over. When it works, it works fine, but when it doesn't want to co-operate, it's a big hassle.The cord holder under the unit also comes loose when it gets hot in the car. You can try to stick it back, but it will come loose again.I'd like to really love this unit, but for now, it's a meh'...	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got one by invitation, I was so excited because I use echo devices in home.  If you have apple car play I don't know why you would need one at all, but I don't have apple car play and Siri is just plain worthless.  Anyhow, right away on the first day, it kept locking when i would do stuff on my phone.  The locking up and disconnecting with my phone was consistent the entire time I had it.  Next was I purposefully tried to use directions many times, just to test it out.  not one single time out of at least 10 did it ever get the address correct when it repeated it back to me.  ""Alexa, give me directions to 123 amazon street"", she would say ""ok, you want directions to 124 amazon street correct? ""  it was very strange, was always one or two numbers off.  I don't have this problem with google maps, Siri, my built in navigation,  so its not my voice.  Then when you would correct her and say, ""no I need directions to 123 amazon st""  she would say ""I'm sorry I cant help with that"".  But I was so frustrated with it locking up when I used my phone for something, that I just said screw it, and returned it.  I saw multiple complaints online with exactly my experience.  I know for sure I will get another one.  But it was released too soon.  They need to work the bugs out first, I'll wait for Gen 2."	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa struggles with finding directions to addresses. She often gives me places several states away. She has tried to convince me that I want a grocery store when I am asking her for a swim club. She is good, however, at finding songs to play	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It kind of works when you have a strong cell signal, although it seems less smart than the home version. I have an iPhone, and a car with carplay, so I had almost all driving functions covered, but in the recent past Siri was not connected to Spotify, so I had no hand-free way to request music on my favorite music service. The Echo Auto was pretty good for asking to play music on non-apple music services like Spotify. BUT then Apple shipped iOS 13 and opened Siri up to 3rd party apps. Requesting Spotify music with the ""Siri"" button on the steering wheel now works flawlessly!  So sadly, now there isn't much reason for me to use Echo Auto."	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The blue tooth connection takes longer than expected to establish.  Also, I didn't consider this, but when there is bad cell phone reception, you also lose the Echo.  Some of Amazon Music seems to play very softly compared to other songs.	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"If you want this item and do not subscribe to Amazon Music, don't waste your money.  I thought this item would be the same as our Echo.....it is not.  If you want it for music, and don't have a subscription, it is not at all like the Echo.  For example, I asked for songs by Willie Nelson, the item responded first asking me to subscribe.  I asked again for Willie Nelson and it turned to a channel that it said had Willie Nelson. I listened for 10-12 songs and only 1 was Willie.  Then I asked for ""Outlaw Country"".  I listened for about 1/2 hour and 2 songs were of that genre.  In what world are ""Delta Dawn"" by Tanya Tucker or ""Green Grass and High Tides"" by the Outlaws ""Outlaw Country""?  Totally different than the Echo. If you have a subscription and/or you want it for weather, news, etc. this item may be OK.  If you're like me, you want it for music,  don't have a subscription and don't like to be bullied into subscribing....don't waste your money!"	1	September 14, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s ok, but not what I expected.  I could use my phone with the Alexa app through my radio previous to having this.  I assumed this would allow me to not use my phone in the car with the app but I was wrong.  You still have to have the app open in car mode.  Not really a point in having it.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have two Dots in my house and they work well. They have the *option* to connect to a speaker. The Echo Auto *requires* me to connect it to a speaker. The Echo Auto tells me this through its own speaker (shake my head). I have an older truck that does not support Bluetooth nor an auxiliary jack. It’s a First-World problem that I have to bring a portable speaker with me in order to use the Echo Auto. Why can I not use the Echo Auto's speaker? In all other areas the device works as expected. If you have a Bluetooth-enabled vehicle, this will work well for you.	3	February 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Stopped playing music or making calls.	2	July 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	you need to speak quickly and clearly in order for this to be able to get your request on the first try. It usually took at least two attempts to get what you wanted when talking to Alexa. The reason is the speaker shuts off too quickly and then you sit in silence and have to ask Alexa again and hope it keeps the speaker on a little bit longer.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I sometimes have to yell to get it to actually hear anything I'm saying, which is kind of annoying at times. Also, I thought it would be much more integrated with the Sync 3 software than it is. I was expecting climate control functionality and radio tuning, but I suppose that's not technically the fault of the product so much as an integration issue. Overall, it's not too bad of a product, but I find that a lot of times, I have to revert to using Siri for things like navigation prompts, message dictation, and a host of other things that I was really expecting this device to be able to do a lot better than it actually does.	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does what its supposed to do but disconnects when I get an inco.ing call on the car's blue Tooth system. Restarting it is to much if a pain to do while driving so I just leave it off till I stop.	3	August 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s great having Alexa in the car to be able to listen to the music you want. Downside is I have to reset the device to my phone. Turning off Bluetooth then back on doesn’t work. I have to delete it off the app and phone to get it to work. After posting this received a call from support. Very helpful over the phone and hope to fix the problem.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My son bought this for me for Christmas. I had placed it on my wish list just as a reminder to check it out later as I was curious. I have 3 Alexas in the house. I did install it. The holder is a joke. The one you see on TV, well, it must be custom made or an additional accessory. The one it comes with clips onto to your vent, and we all know how well those work.The biggest complaint I have is that it uses all my data. I have a limited plan; I just don't use my phone for things that need a lot of data -- why pay for it! But all gadgets from Amazon (and maybe everywhere, I don't know), are always in a scan mode, just waiting for you to say its name. That eats up a lot of time on my plan, about 1.5 GB in a week. My inside Alexas work on my unlimited wifi data. Of course, I could leave it unplugged but then what's the point? It was ""handy"" to play Amazon music but my house ain't that smart so I never used it to adjust temperatures or lights. I guess you have to be like Matthew McConaughey to fully appreciate all its features. For me, a middle class grandma, it just wasn't useful. Now if it could open the garage door, make a martini, bring me my slippers or even tell me when my tires need air, that would be worthwhile. But this, not so much."	1	February 26, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The good:1.  It connected in less than 5 minutes (2019 Infiniti Q50).  Anyone having issues with initial setup and complain, consider it used error or a mobile data connectivity issue.2. It works as well as any other Alexa device.  Although I have not tested navigation yet.The bad and the reason for only 3 stars:  Lazy product development.  The vent attachment is horrible.  Not making it rechargeable was lazy and cheap.  The best way to mount it is with double sided Velcro somewhere close to the USB port to minimize the cord hazard.  Better yet, use a portable USB battery source.  Just be sure to mount it so Alexa can hear.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought one for my dad and myself during the Prime Day sale. It's good in the sense that you don't have to be distracted while driving to answer the phone, get direction or make a call. Now when requesting music this thing isn't all that user friendly and it doesn't recognize my voice very well. For what I paid it's not bad, but I wouldn't recommend paying full retail price because then it's a ripoff.	3	October 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got the Amazon auto couple month ago as a early invite promotion. Since I do love most Amazon Alexa items thought I would try it. I have a 2016 ltz Silverado which already had bluetooth and voice commands but felt this my offer even more. After the first day I kept having problems with it staying connected for some reason I had to keep adding it as if it's the first time I installed it. I finally thought I got that all worked out however less then a week later it wouldnt connect I kept holding down the button so the alexa auto would reboot and the orange light just kept moving and moving after 10 to 15 min still same thing it's like it frozen...I've tried several times since then with no luck.  My son drives a 2014 nissan maxima I'm gonna install it in his car tomorrow see if I can at least get it to work... so far it's not a favorite amazon echo product I wanted to love it I was excited to try it so far it just is a little bit of a let down..	2	November 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is heavily dependent on other devices that you have. It seems to be dependent on a phone that connects properly and that your audio system in your car has a connection that it can connect to. This device is meant for a very modern vehicle if you have anything that's older it may not have all the connections and the same with the phone. But overall your phone has to connect to it which is a real drag if you don't want to have Bluetooth on all the time. Bluetooth is a battery consumer that doesn't need to be on all the time and it's also security issue it should not be on unless you are actively using it.	2	July 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I dislike that the Alexa app keeps running on my phone while not in the car which drains it's battery. I have to manually force the app to stop running in the phone settings.  Just closing the app doesn't disconnect it, and have what I was playing on the screen until i force it to stop. Once I'm out of range it should disconnect automatically and close. The microphones also aren't great in my opinion. Feel like i have to yell to get it's attention. That said the functionality is as expected. It keeps me from having to upgrade my entire stereo system to get directions, music, and podcasts aired over my car speakers. And of course the Alexa functionality.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have not been able to get the Alexa auto connected to my car stereo.  I have tried all the trouble shooting advice.  I can get the auto connect to my phone .  They make it sound really easy but it is not.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'd give this 5 stars if it didn't rely on the Alexa app on your phone. Myself, and everyone I know that has the the app on their phone has issues it being extremely slow and clunky. Being that this piece relies on the sub par phone app, it usually takes a long time to connect and start working. This gets very frustrating. Fix your app Amazon.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to get the Alexa for the Auto so I could stream Amazon Prime Music, instead of paying for XM radio.When there is a good signal it works great, but I live in a rural area, and it quits on and off whenever the signal isn't the greatest.  Sometimes it's so frustrating I just turn the radio or CD back on and give up.  I guess I will just plan to use it on trips where the signal is stronger.	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've had the Echo Auto for several months and it appears to be improving. Connecting time is getting better, does a reasonable job hearing your commands, though I've gotten into the habit of turning down the radio. It was a hassle changing my stereo input and interrupting my stations, so I have a separate speaker I put on the console of my 2014 Honda Odyssey.The interface with Google maps still needs refinement. I find it easier to use my smartphone in the traditional manner. Haven't played with it for awhile so I'll have to check it out to see if it improved with an update. If they nail that down I would give it 5 stars.I like the sleek low-profile footprint.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Had it in my truck for about 1 and a half months now. Most of the time when I try to use it, it tells me that it can’t connect to my Alexa app. Other times it will listen to what I say, then just turn back off without replying or giving me the confirmation noise letting me know that it did what I asked.The only thing I’ve found it useful for on a consistent basis is being able to control my smart home devices from within my truck. If I’m leaving the house and notice I forgot to turn some lights off, I can tell echo auto to turn them off without having to go back in the house or get my phone out and do it manually. Even this has a downside though - I have to do it before I lose my home’s wifi signal. Once that’s gone, Alexa struggles to reconnect through my cellular data.I’ll probably be gifting it to my brother, who has a vehicle without Bluetooth connectivity. Hopefully he can find a better use for as a hands free calling device if nothing else.	2	November 18, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Right after I purchased this Amazon dropped the price dramatically, which did not make me happy. Having trouble getting it to hook up with car audio, which is probably operator error I a sure. I will keep working on it on our next trip.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this a while back and it never worked very well. There was too much of a lag after the prompt, so that the device didn't register my full commands. I would prompt, the device would beep, and then I would speak, but the device wouldn't catch the first few words. Very frustrating. Additionally, Alexa just wasn't very good and executing the things I wanted it to, like starting navigation, recognizing my contacts or playing music from specific apps.I gave up on this device and it's just sitting in a drawer now.	3	May 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Always has issues connecting.	3	December 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Echo auto is a great idea for older cars that do not have blue tooth / handsfree controls. Or even for newer cars that just don't have a serviceable voice interface. However there is quite a difference between a great idea and one that actual works! Take voice activation..there are two main problems...1. the echo has a hard time hearing speech when something is playing, even at low volumes. 2. the echo has a hard time hearing you during the first 5 to 10 minutes you are in the car, even when nothing is playing. In the same vein the echo appears to hear the ""wake"" word but just doesn't execute the command. Sometimes when you start the car and give a command the echo states that it is not connected to the network, though I think this is just until you get a distant away from your wifi. That kind of makes sense. All in all it's okay for cars that have no voice control available because some is better than none. But if you already have something available I think you'll be better waiting until a more perfected version is available. I'm sending mine back."	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s more of a Bluetooth adapter for the Alexa app on your phone. I have an older car that uses a radio Bluetooth adapter. And this works just fine connecting both my phone and the Alexa device.Even in my rickety bucket Alexa can pick up my commands beautifully and the audio is loud and clear.My only gripe is playing music. I have my music local to my iPhone and sometimes in an SD card. My adapter works perfectly with both.... but, if I ask Alexa to play music it does not allow me to switch back to my music without closing the app.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is definitely a device that needs more work, especially when using bluetooth audio.  Sometimes my car Alexa doesn't start and connect until 10 minutes into the ride. I know it has power. I also have bluetooth problems, audio problems, etc.I'm glad I didn't pay full price.  Just wait for version 2.0 of this device.  it needs more help!	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got to get my hands on one during the beta release, which I paid about 25$ for.  If you have apple carplay this is pretty much a waste of money.  like other reviews had stated, it is not quite ready for prime time right now.  Could be great, but it is just okay, and knowing that, I would not spend $50.00 for it.  I do use it, but setting it up was very annoying.  I would constantly have to refresh the alexa app on my phone, to get it to work.End story -- if you have apple carplay, don't get this, pointless.  But if you don't, then it might work out good for you.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice idea. If you can get it to work in your  vehicle. Could get it connected but couldn't get the music to work. So,  if you have a Jeep Patriot. Might have a problem.	2	May 15, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works ok, but often won’t respond, so I end up using Siri on my phone instead to complete the action/ task.	3	October 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It has to be connected to the car to powered on a d to the phone at the same time, to work.It defeats  the purpose	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this product and it needs lot of improvements. Application integration is terrible with Android. Location-based services work randomly. and geo-fencing routines never worked for me.If you are playing music in the background, this product never hears a word except Alexa and I tried it several time. I think dashboard mount should be included too because in winter if hearting is on which I have to, it over-heats the device.The powersource never worked so used the onother one I use to charge my phone.This product is really good but it needs some serious attention from Amazon to fix the issues and bridge the gaps.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought the Alexa Auto because the Alexa app does not integrate with CarPlay. Don't like having to connect and disconnect Alexa Auto each time I park my car. Would be so much easier if the Alexa app and CarPlay could just work together.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it’s great. Can lose signal very easily sometimes you have to turn vehicle off to get it to reconnect makes me want to throw it out the window sometimes. Works well if you have kids you can play games to keep occupied. I hate the clip that goes on vents its not strong enough to stay level and if you have ocd like me the device sitting at a slight angle is very annoying. Wish the cable was longer, but I have plenty of extras so not a big deal. I mainly use it to play comedy station on drive to work and play every version of Baby Shark for my kids.	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	All sounds are forced through your cars BT connection. And my car’s BT (2017 Ford Sync), battles who’s in control of the BT connection, my iPhone or Alexa. This is frustrating since it only brings real value when your car stereo is in the BT input mode.So if you listen to SirrusXM or over the air broadcast, you have to switch over to BT to use the devise (and that’s not always smooth as noted above).I get using your car’s BT for listening to music, but not for everything else.I don’t want to be forced to switch out from what I’m enjoying just to ask Alexa a question.Amazon, please add a functional onboard speaker for all of the other functions other than listening to music, like the weather forecast.Give the user to option to hear from the internal onboard speaker, or the car speakers via BT.This product is great if you want to stay on the Alexa devise for EVERYTHING, otherwise not so great.It needs to be more fluid with other commonly used functions in a car, terrestrial and satellite radio.	2	November 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would be a bit disappointed if I paid $50 for this.  It is at most worth $29.99.  It works great but basically it is just an alexa interface between your phone and your car, which makes $50 seem a bit over priced.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does not have it's own speaker so it has to go through the radio.  My radio requires a wired aux input so it just adds to my already wire cluttered car  with power wires to my GPS, Satellite radio, now a power wire to Alexa, and an audio input wire from Alexa to my radio.  I'm not convinced it is more convenient than just using the Alexa app on my phone.	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sound quality is actually fine, the connection when you get in the car is just very inconsistent. It takes a couple minutes to connect whenever I get in the car, which is frustrating. Also often there is about a 5 second delay when using iheartradio and some other live streaming products.Once it is up and running, it works well other than some of the delays mentioned, but given how important the initial connection is as part of the full experience, it gets 3 stars. If I am going on a short drive, I won't even bother as it takes a few minutes to get it working.	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have ten ALEXA ECHO DEVISES. I THOUGHT THE ECHO AUTO WOULD BE AN EXCELLENT DEVICE. HOWEVER, WITH CONNECTIVITY TO BLUETOOTH, YOU CAN ONLY HAVE ONE OTHER DEVICE. I HAVE AN GARMIN S60 WATCH AND IT REQUIRES BLUETOOTH AND ALSO I NEED BLUETOOTH CONNECTIVITY FOR MY HYUNDAI SANTA FE. SO I HAD TO DISCONNECT MY S60 IN ORDER TO USE ECHO AUTO. WHEN USING THE DEVICE AND RECEIVE A CELL CALL OBVIOUSLY THE DEVICE STOPS BUT AFTER TGE CALL ENDS THE ECHO. AUTO DOES NOT START PLAYING AGAIN, YOU NEED TO ASK ALEXA TO PLAY. I ALSO HAVE SERIUS RADIO AND IT WILL RESUME PLAYING.  IF THE ABOVE CAN BE CORRECTED I WOULD CERTAINLY PURCHASE THE ECHO AUTO AGAIN.	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I couldn’t wait to get this, but not as great as I thought it would be. 8 microphones, yet she continually gives me something I didn’t ask for. I ask her to play my favorites, she plays the same songs over and over! I ask her to loop my favorites, she plays one song and stops. I don’t know if I need to read up on it more, but I thought it was pretty simple, same as my Alexa at home, but in the car. I wanted to make a phone call via Alexa auto, says that it’s not supported. I thought it would be better than it actually is. Maybe I expected too much.	3	November 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Concept is good but setup, reliability and performance stink. Very difficult to set up. Yesterday, I spent nearly an hour in my car following directions to a “T” and the device would not install. I then called Amazon customer support and spoke with a rep for about 45 minutes to no avail, and he ultimately hung up on me. I called again and spoke with “Connor” who remotes into my iPhone 12 Pro Max and after about 30 minutes finally got it to setup and work properly.Today it worked properly on my first trip a few miles away. Had some lunch and about an hour later, guess what? The unit would not respond. The blue light shows but no commands are recognized and no sound comes out of the Echo Dash. Before the conversation ended, I asked if I had to go through this long procedure each day. I was assured, to my chagrin, that the unit should work properly each day thereafter. Ha ha ha. More frustration.  The bottom line: CAVEAT EMPTOR because the Alexa Echo Dash is a piece of junk not worth a dime. It still doesn’t work.	1	July 14, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It listens well, but the integration is iffy. It doesn't ""play well"" with my existing bluetooth. I'd be fine with it just taking over and ONLY allowing me to use Alexa in the car. But as soon as I sit in my car, something plays and I don't know if it's my phone or Alexa that is controlling it."	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hard to connect - you have to find the Echo Auto in Alexa App which was very well hidden. Then pray that it somehow finds the device.It's finally connected! Cool, I used it for like 3 days without any problems. Then the bluetooth connection became spotty and the sounds and music playing from my phone only plays every 3 seconds. Somehow I found a solution to this, if I play music right the moment I start my car it won't disconnect but if I wait for 30 seconds then it got bluetooth issue and I have to unplug the power cord and re plug it for it to reconnect. It's such a pain but I somehow get used to it.Now after awhile it's losing all connecting and I can't get my phone to find the device again. I am so done with it. I would just use my $10 bluetooth adapter from China which has way better bluetooth quality, track control buttons and a built-in battery.	1	March 10, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I wanted to capture what happens when attempting to send a txt message with an Echo Auto, when not connected via auxiliary cable and just using regular speakers.No matter what I changed the delay settings to, it seems like the Auto is ""hearing itself"" when it asks what the text message is.Transcript-Me:  ""Alexa, send C a text message.""Alexa: *Pause for 5 sec* ""Did you mean C M?""Me:  ""Yes.""Alexa:  ""What's the message?""Me:  ""Still testing.""Alexa:  ""Got it, your message to C M says 'What's the message?' should I send it?""Me:  ""...no.""This is a pretty good example of the current functionality of this product.  It seems like a beta product that still needs more testing.  In general, it seemed to be very slow, and I ran into many errors like this one.I will have to test this device out a bit more, but as of now it seems like an unfinished product.  I have been pretty disappointed so far."	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	has huge lags( usually 1 minute to 5 minutes) in responding, also has many times that it cannot connect to internet.  Not as good as home based units but when it does work, it does the job.  Just wish that it was more reliable on connecting and faster on responses	3	May 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I knew going in that this would have limited functionality for me, but, having an extremely long commute I thought the limited functions would still be convenient.  The installation was relatively easy, but I did have to install the latest IOS first, which is never headache-free.  I do not use  Amazon music, so the device would be limited to use for my various lists in Alexa, but valuable nonetheless, as thoughts pop into my  head while I'm driving.  I did try out some other skills that might be useful in the car, but came up with nothing noteworthy.This would be enough for me to keep the device, however it's just too glitchy.  As some other reviewers mentioned, the device frequently unsyncs with the app on my phone.  Sometimes it just doesn't work for some unknown reason.  The volume is definitely problematic, and really the main reason I will be sending mine back, as I cannot ""communicate"" with Alexa unless the volume is basically maxed out, but then everything else is way to loud.I think the concept is good, but it really, really needs more development."	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This has to be the most annoying thing I have used in a long time. Since I have an iPhone I find Siri to be a A LOT more user friendly and I don’t know why, but once I connect the Echo—I lose Siri! Just can’t use both. But if you ask Alexa for directions, to make a call, or anything else you’re met with silence-instructions to enable a skill or add contacts! So, there is no integration between your iPhone and Echo. The other thing I find annoying is the delay between waking the device and the chime to let you know you can ask Alexa what you want. On a recent trip I found it took 3-5 seconds for the device to wake up. That’s annoying. Often times it doesn’t even understand what you said. I thought it was due to background noise so I moved the vent mount lower and closer to me——didn’t help. I’ve also found this Echo drops connections easily. I thought MAYBE I lost cell service but that doesn’t seem to be right. It’s so annoying to be listening to something then have it go away and you have to start over. During a few trips I got so frustrated I unplugged it and used Siri: which is why I am considering returning it and getting my money back. The only rationale for not doing that is the price I paid as an introductory offer. For $25 I can probably live with it but I know if I had paid full price I would have already returned it.	1	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The microphones work really well. Even with loud music playing it picks me up when I speak. Playing music with Alexa works great as well. The only issue I have is that it doesn't do anything better than using Google Assistant on my Pixel 4 and some things it does worse. Navigation opens the maps app on your phone, and asking Alexa to navigate feels clunkier than asking Google Assistant. Bit if you really love using Alexa every where this works well.	3	August 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have no service when I leave the house because I live in the country, by the time I get anywhere with service for the Alexa app to connect, I’m almost where I need to be. I know there isn’t much they can do about it, but I wish it just ran through Amazon music, and took my songs from my downloaded library, rather then streaming on my WiFi.	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was an early adopter and got mine as soon as Amazon released them.  I checked their list of compatible autos and my 2017 Chevy Volt was not on the list.  When I got the device, the installation was easy and it seemed to connect right away  via my phone bluetooth.  It responded to my voice right away, but the response back was choppy and Alexa's voice was sometimes coherent, sometimes not.  It would play music and news fine, as long as the connection was stable.  The real problem was that when the Echo was powered on, my car would constantly drop and reconnect the bluetooth connection to my phone.  That was not a problem until I intalled the Auto Echo.  When I would disconnect the power to the Echo, the problem went away.  I have since uninstalled the Auto Echo and I do not have that problem any longer.  Bottom line, if this device would not interfere with the bluetooth connection to your car, it would work great. I'm past the return window, so Im stuck with it.	2	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I installed it in my car, the most annoying problem is it tries to connect more than once, even when it's already connected and if I want navigation it ask if the address is correct, but nothing happens. It definitely needs better programing!	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to like this thing. But it looses connectivity so much to my phone. I’m constantly yelling Alexa do this or play this and the damn Alexa voice is always “cannot connect to network”. Son of a b.	1	October 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have Alexa al my home and that’s why I did try to upgrade my work van which doesn’t have hands free with this device.i did purchase multiple different car hands free but non of them it’s working with my expectation .im not sure if it’s no way to have exactly same sound quality  like in the car where is original hands free but even this Alexa is not working how I would like to.im sad coz really I was so excited but I guess only way have one the car hands free have to be installed in the dealership ...	3	February 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to add this to my car so I could have hands free calling, navigation and music. Boy was I very disappointed!!  My car is equipped with some hand free functions but I have to go through Siri on my iPhone and I have to have my phone unlocked and I still need to navigate through my phone. Unfortunately the Alexa Auto needs to be connected to wi-fi or cellular data at all times. That’s fine except when you’re in a dead zone or you are connecting to various hotspots while you’re driving. If there is any disconnect it has to reconnect to your Alexa app and then you have to restart the music you were playing because it doesn’t just resume. Very frustrating!!  I tried turning off my wi-fi and using only my cellular data for more consistency but there are still dead spots causing my music to once again stop. I spent more time trying to reconnect than I did keeping my eyes on the road, which is the point of getting this device in the first place isn’t it?  Further, your apps need to be open to use them as well. Mainly the Alexa APP. I’m done being frustrated so back to just using Amazon Music through my car’s system. And the Music APP has hands free Alexa capability anyway. Way less hassle. I would return the Alexa auto but unfortunately I waited too long to try it out and it is now past the 30 day time frame.	1	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So I was expecting basically an Echo Input that connects to your phone for internet connectivity. Instead this device is a weird in-between for your phone and your car. I guess the microphone is better than the mics on phones, so it can probably hear ""Alexa"" better than your phone can hear ""Ok Google"" or ""Hey Siri"", but after that there is very little this device can do that your phone couldn't already do. On top of that it often loses the connection to your phone because it only works while the Alexa app is running in the background. I recommend waiting for something better."	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I will probably return.  I spent much time on the phone with a technician.  She was great; however, I was still not satisfied with the performance of alexa in my car.  It might be my car, the phone, or the reception in a rural area.  I could not get it to work well through the car speakers.  I am editing this, as I finally figured out a few things.  With my 2019 Hyundai and iPhone 6s, in order for Alexa to work through the car speakers, I needed to select media on the car.  Still not sure if I will keep it...	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It certainly works as advertised, but there are really no benefits over just launching the Alexa app on your phone.  It is actually a bit slower, as the Echo Auto needs to communicate (via Bluetooth) to your phone and then your phone needs to communicate to your auto (again via Bluetooth).  I just struggle to find a benefit overall.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'm a huge Alexa fan, so when a new gadget came out, I wanted to give it a try.  My car's bluetooth doesn't support full-sync (just telephone) so I have always connected my phone to the entertainment system via 3.5mm aux in and use Alexa off the phone (although this sometimes requires tapping the screen to wake it up).  I thought the Echo Auto would be perfect to add this functionality to the car.  Unfortunately the 3.5mm aux method of connecting has terrible sound quality (very low volume unless turned up very high) and static.  I have not tested as a full bluetooth connection.  Also although compact the device itself doesn't lend itself to discreetly being able to be hidden in the car as needs to be mounted somewhere (or mounted on vent fins with included adapter), however there's no hiding its an add-on.  In the end I found it more convenient (and aesthetically pleasing) to just continue to use the Alexa App on my phone with the car.  I'm going to use the Echo Auto on my boat, which I think will work better.	2	November 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted Alexa Auto for two primary reasons: directions and music. It apparently only works with Apple Maps on my iPhone, which is not installed, as it was unable to find the location because Apple Maps was not available. Having Alexa play music can be hit or miss. Sometimes my requested music immediately starts, while other times it does not even respond. Installing the smartphone app and linking to Alexa Auto was quick and easy. I do like the small size of the device. I stopped using the vent mount as it was simply not too convenient for me. I would hope future software updates will allow Alexa Auto to work with Google Maps and be more responsive to commands.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So far, have not been able working. It seems to be answering me , but no sound???. It is connected to the audio input of the car, at least I think so. Maybe the cable is broken. It looks ok, but need to try another cable. The Alexa is powered by the USB connection in the car correctly since the light bar seems to respond when spoken to.My guess it is a work inprocess!!Adding more info: still not working with my MINI. I connected a headset and LO! it worked! It was interesting and pleasant to here WQXR in areas where it was too weak to be heard on the radio. Still an exercise in process.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I loved this when i first got it after several attempts to get it synced with my car/phone.  Then it finally synced which was great.  I upgraded my phone only to suffer the same fate over again and now it doesn't sync to the car.  I will keep trying, but it was a bargain at the prime price and i do like the item.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Only complaint is the constant struggle to keep a steady and reliable connection to my phone. Seems every time I get into the car, it looses connection to the alexa app and it is asking me to re open the alexa app, turn off and back ON the bluetooth connection. For the rest of functionality, it works as the rest of my alexa devices. i use it to ask for directions, play spotify music, even play some games while in trafic. but reliability is a big issue here. in order for it to be really useful (and safe while driving), it needs to have a reliable and steady bluetooth connection, otherwise is not safe to be struggling with the alexa app.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was very excited about the car version because I spend a lot of driving time with my 6 and 8 year old boys. I have Alexa plugged in and connected. Alexa has trouble connecting to my phone or understanding my requests more often then not. I find myself repeating requests more than 4 to 5 times before she ""gets it"". She lights up, hears me and then nothing....She cannot hear my boys requests from the back seat unless they scream which isn't cool for many reasons. I love Alexa, we use many of the products in our home without much issue but I wish the auto alexa was a little more reliable."	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car is a 2014 so Bluetooth might’ve improved since, but the device struggles to connect every time I turn on my car. Additionally, my car only allows either a Bluetooth connection to my phone or radio (which is more common for older cars), so this device doesn’t really work if I want to listen to the radio. Once I get it connected, it works great though!	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I first put this into my 2012 Peterbillt truck. There is just too much road noise in this vehicle to have this work properly. Now I have it in my 2008 Chevy pick up. It is nice for a handsfree calling system since the truck is older and doesn't have Bluetooth. With that being said I also need to have both cables (power/audio) hooked up. That's a little annoying. My other slight disappointment is that my iPhone 7 seems to not connect seamlessly with the Echo Auto like it does with all my other Bluetooth devices. Those are just my opinions and components I am working with.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Instead of using up the phone's Bluetooth, Why not just have this device ONLY use the phone data for connectivity. Just like the Alexa devices at home, such as the DOT. This device syncs to Bluetooth,  so you can't talk on the phone AND listen /use the device separately.	1	September 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Too many steps. It’s not as easy as just asking “Alexa” to do something.. you have to go to media in your vehicle, Bluetooth, wait for a sound to ask a question.. if you are looking for directions, you then have to go to your phone to click the notification BEFORE it disappears within seconds .. easier to click Waze app and speak then to go through all of this ...	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This just over complicated the ease and usability of Echo/Alexa and did not work as expected. I don’t have anything positive to say about this product and recommend just using Echo/Alexa on your phone while driving and you’ll be much happier and it will save you money while still enjoying the amazing product Amazon has created “Echo/Alexa”	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car has no bluetooth, so for me this was a game changer and with the Alexa functionalities i was just ecstatic! i was really loving it and using it daily until... one day, it just died...  It wasnt turning on, not charging, no nothing! I contacted amazon help to which they replied that there was a known issue hence they could not send me a replacement - I still havent received any news on why did it die.  However, since I really love the product I bought another one which is working amazingly - I'm still worried about the new one dying on me like the previous one but until now I love it!	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After a couple weeks of having Alexa installed, I am questioning whether it is even worth having. If you have a relatively short drive, she may not even connect before you get to your destination. After connection, it is kind of a novelty. Siri, installed on my iPhone can do pretty much the same thing without the wires. Still trying to see if Alexa can do anything better.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There is a LOT of delay (lagging) and freezing with this device.  It does NOT react very well with voice commands but when it works it is convenient when it obeys and respond to commands.  Sometimes it looses connection with my phone.  I use WAZE a lot and this allows me to listen to Sirius XM, Alexa music, and Itunes or a lot of other audible apps.  Otherwise it works quite well when it responds even after giving commands two or three times.The voice recognition needs work even in total silence it will do NOTHING or will give you everything except for what you ask for.!  Not like SIRI!	3	October 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes it works, sometimes it does not. I can not touch my phone while using music through Alexa, or it will lock up, and not work for a while. It is fun to use when it is working. Likely just buggy since it is a new item. Also there is something since I added it that even when the car has been turned off and I have left the car I get some kind of notice about if I am a passenger in the car before I can use my phone. That is annoying. I assume there will be updates for these things coming in the future just as they had to fix the echos and dots.	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	erified PurchaseI really want to like this, but it’s so hit and miss. When it is working it’s great for streaming music, but honestly I do not think that it is good for too much else. It probably doesn’t help that at least half the time it won’t actually be connected to my phone (though it says it is). I am an avid user of Alexa devices so this really was a disappointment. When it is connected I can’t have my air on at all or it will hardly pick up anything, but then other times it works great. I find myself not using very often anymore because it’s so frustrating! I hope it gets better!	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	it kept falling apart had to tape it together	3	November 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is my second echo-auto. Just like the first, it doesn’t connect right away even though my iPhone shows it’s connected. So I have to go to the Alexa app and then it works. This is supposed to be hands free yet I have to open the stupid app to get to work. Come on Amazon, work out the bugs in your devices!	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited for this product. I signed up to be a beta tester but wasn't picked, so I pre-ordered it. I tried. I really did. it's been three years since I've owned it and it's long since been relegated to the bin of cables and old electronics that I won't trash but really have no use for.Getting this product to connect to the phone every time you get into the car is an act of saintly patience. I turn on bluetooth headphones, for example, and seconds later - BAM connected. This one, I have to plug it in, un plug it. turn on and off bluetooth, go into the alexa app, restart my phone... It takes longer to get connected than most of my drives take! If, you're running errands and hopping in and out of the car? Forget about it.Great idea, but terribly...I mean, terribly! executed.	1	April 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it is a decent product that allows me additional flexibility in my pre-bluetooth pickup.  The problem is I frequently can't pair it.  The next problem is I can't even discover it re-pair it.  Power it off, try again, still no device.  It does not show up in my Amazon devices, although sometimes it will show up in Bluetooth.  I have a Note 9, so despite my dated vehicle the phone I'm using is quite new.  Once I can get it to pair, I can give Alexa limited voice commands - it's about what you would expect.  Can't configure the sound the way it is described for a wired setup, because I get a constant annoying hum through the speakers.  Instead, I plug the mini-RCA jack into my phone (yay, it still has a port!) and play from phone to car stereo.  Once I get a newer vehicle, I don't see the advantage of having Alexa always available since I can pair my phone directly to the stereo.I wouldn't purchase this product again.	2	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It takes away the Bluetooth	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is not a very useful product as it stands. The idea of having Alexa in my car as well as in my house sounds pleasant, but the entire idea of the echo series is for them to be hassle free.For this product you must be sure that the Alexa app is open in order for it to connect to your phone. This wouldn’t be terrible if it actually recognized it every time. There have been multiple times I get in my car and Alexa won’t respond because something was wrong with the connection. The fix is to close the app and open it back up.I could continue to talk about how the product itself doesn’t look good or how I wish I hadn’t bought it, but instead I’ll just leave you with this. If you want to purchase this because you think it’s going to improve your car rides and keep you off of your phone while you’re driving, it won’t. I spend more time on my phone with the echo auto than when I just connected to my car with Bluetooth. It’s a failed product as it stands.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have one in each of my two vehicles and it's a hit or miss proposition any time I get in one as to whether or not it will properly connect to my new Pixel phone. A sure source of frustration!	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for using this for hands free information in my car.  Early on I had inconsistent connectivity.  It would disconnect frequently.The biggest issue I have is it not understanding my requests.  Maybe it struggles with road noise?  I don't know.  I've pretty much given up on doing anything but request music from my Amazon Music library and I only do that on longer drives since I have to change the input on my stereo and drastically adjust the volume.This appears to be a great idea that's not quite ready to perform.	3	February 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Cannot set it up. Just keeps telling me to go to app and set-up. I do that and it won’t find the device. Yes, my bluetooth is on.	1	November 1, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ok, I thought it might be cool to have this in my car, but it is quite flawed.  You have to connect via Blue Tooth and the connection is sketchy at best.  It does not reconnect asthmatically or quickly and often requires you to manually connect to your sound system.  Needs more work.  Good thing is that I only paid $15 for it with discounts and coupons.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No me gusta,que batallo para activarla, y luego para apagarla.	3	November 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My kids and i love having Alexa in the car - as if i needed to listen to more kidz bop kids. My only issue is that it doesn't stay connected.  Alexa tells me to open the app but that never works.  I always have to end up forgetting the device in the app and then adding it all over again.  I wish it just worked every time we got in the car.  But when it is connected we love it.  Plus, i have an old car with no Bluetooth so i am connected via the aux cord and Alexa allows me to talk on my phone as if i have a newer car :)	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall it’s okay. I have the echo in my home and absolutely love it. I don’t like that you have to mess with the app in order to work. I was hoping to just connect to my network instead of Bluetooth on my phone. I feel like I’m just using another formOr aux cord. I do sometimes get it to work correctly but I feel as I get frustrated more then anything. I don’t have Bluetooth car, so I have an aux cord option.	3	July 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this when it was first released for cheap so I thought I’d give it a spin. Great idea in theory if you need do some home automation in the car or add something to a list. I found myself not really using the same features I would at home so it really was just another automated assistant in my car. And for the things you do need in the car using your voice (playing musing, composing a text, or making phone calls) the assistant on my phone was far superior.	3	May 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to get this product. I have several Alexa devices that I use daily and hoped this would fit right into my little Alexa family. Needless to say Auto is the cousin no one wants to invite to their house for the holidays.  I intuitively had connectivity issues, but that remedied itself, it it however, still slow to connect to my bluetooth.The biggest problem is Alexa ignoring my commands, she light up so I know she hears me, but then she promptly ignores anything I say afterwards. The other problem is with the routines I set up. I have Alexa tell me a message when I get to my work and another one when I get to my home. Unfortunately, Alexa tells me the one for work when I’m about a mile away and tells me the one for home even when I’m not in my car. If i drive by my house in another car, or go to the park by my house, it screams the message out through my phone! Needless to say the first time it happened it scared the crap out of me.The primary usage for this is to give me traffic reports and directions, which it doesn’t do at all. I have to say, I really wanted this to work as well as the ones in my home do, but it doesn’t. I’m just greatly disappointed in this device. Hopefully the 2.0 version will fix all the issues that me and a lot of other people seem to have with this device.	1	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This was a gift from my daughter. It took me a while to figure out how to connect Alexa from my phone to the car. First few times were very frustrating because Alexa  struggled to connect with the phone. When it finally got connected through trial and error, it was working the way I expected it to work. The only drawback was, I had to unplug and plug again the power to reconnect. Otherwise, I go back to the first stage when Alexa told me she's still trying to connect to the phone. When it works, Alexa is great. When connection is lost, Alexa is forgettable.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It worked when I first set it up and now M it keeps saying that it's trying to connect to my phone or that my phone lost wifi when it hasn't. Besides this most of what it does could be done via USB without the additional device. The good about it is being able to hands free play music, ask questions,  navigate, etc.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Have not Figured this out yet	3	December 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa is MY personal assistant.  I was so very excited to get the auto version.  It hooked up with a little frustration and it is a challenge to get the correct answer. It does not recognize voices well.  I wanted it to runt though the Bluetooth in my car, not my phone. It also never kept a connection and on the year installation anniversary just stopped working completely.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I found that it is best if your car is older and doesn't have technology in it already. My 2016 Ram 1500 has a slight delay with bluetooth from when you do tube wake up command to when you actually hear the response on the speakers.  I've tried it in my 2009 Scion tC that has a cheap aftermarket Dual Radio and it works just fine in there. I'm probably going to leave it the scion.  I wish that there were more mounting options for it.  Also if the cord went out the back or the bottom would be better for cord concealment.  It doesn't get everything right.  But works well most of the time.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a car that does not have Bluetooth and the echo auto does a great job as a simple Bluetooth device connecting through the aux connector. It connects every time and compared to what I had before it works really well. As an Alexa device, it is a different story it was rarely connecting to the Alexa app on the phone, I figured out that I had to make sure that the Alexa app was open before I started a journey but then the app just crashes and the Alexa features are lost until the app is restarted.	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So this works well, almost like the home versions, BUT ...in the car, you have to switch radio input to ‘Media’ in order to use it. So you can’t listen to the radio or streaming service and just say “Alexa, blah blah blah,” you have to first switch input to interact (at least in my Audi), then switch back. So it’s hard to be spontaneous like it is in your kitchen. Also it only works on the phone that set it up (I think), so another driver can’t use it. Too bad; I use it very frequently for these reasons.	3	February 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I submitted for an invitation as soon as it was announced. It took a solid year before my invitation came, and then it was only about two weeks before general release. So they really didn't want feedback. I believe in the Alexa-verse with an echo dot, echo spot, fire tv devices, echo buttons and an echo plus controlling my music, doors, television and cams. I've never had a problem with installation, set up or functionality. Until the echo auto. As other reviews have mentioned, it's reliance on the Alexa app being open hinders its functionality and ease of use. It got to the point where I was having to delete the device and reconnect it for almost every car trip if I wanted to use it. I could see it's usefulness on a longer car trip or commute, but for a short to average commute, directions or other information,it was easier and safer to use either the in-car navigation system or my phone. I'm hopeful the connectivity and functionality improve greatly, then it may be a useful tool. For now, it's a dashboard ornament with a pretty LED light.	2	November 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a great package and a great idea if you can get it to work.  I have experienced several issues with connectivity.  Once she looses an internet connection, she will not reacquire it until a complete power down and restart. I can see this is acceptable if you stationary, but as a mobile application, it lacks the stability to be a useful tool.  additionally, the glue that holds the wire manager to the vent mount keeps melting and the rubber do hickey keeps dropping off.I have only been able to get bout 40% reliability of the  unit and have better luck with Siri directly.  Sorry Jeff, this one needs some more work...	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The convenience of having the echo in the car is undeniable. The main issue I run into which is exceedingly annoying and defeats the purpose of having a hands-free device such as this is that it constantly tells me that it has lost touch with the Amazon Alexa app on my phone and I have to open it up while I am driving to get it to work which is counterproductive. Amazon needs to work on this feature so it is not so dependent on the Alexa app on your telephone and I'm not talking a day or two apart this is getting in and out of the car and loses touch frequently.	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like the compact size and the fact the setup is fast and easy. Connection to Alexa auto after starting the car is also quick enough.I really dislike the fact that Alexa auto seems to understand my commands a lot less often then  my Alexa devices around the house.I can't get the navigation started, even though I have given Alexa auto permission to find my location. When I try to start up navigation, Alexa acknowledges my command, but never gives directions. I've tried Google maps and Waze, but neither work.Alexa auto will only connect to the radiostation I listened to last on Iheart radio. When I ask to switch to a new station, I get a ""Sorry, something went wrong"" reply without fail. This is frustrating!!! If I go to the Alexa app on my phone and switch stations, it works just fine. However, I bought Alexa auto, so I could switch between stations and music services hands free. Alexa auto doesn't always respons well when I try the music services either, so... Alexa auto to me is somewhat of a disappointment."	2	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought an echo auto for my car.  I had trouble setting it up, so I called Amazon and a young lady walked me right through the set-up procedure.  It works great, and I love it.Now the bad news.  My wife rode in my car and absolutely loved the echo auto.  I ordered her one and, again, I had trouble installing it.  I called Amazon and spent 90 minutes with one rep, and an hour the next day.  Neither one was able to help me.  Hence 3 stars.  Five for my car and 0 for my wife's car. I had to return the second one.	3	November 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I haven't had any trouble connecting. It took a few minutes to set up and now works consistently with my car. Occasionally it will blip and the sound will take a second to come through the speakers. Usually this is fine because it's just the alert noise that is clipped (still makes half the noise). My main gripe is that there isn't much for it to do yet. I wish it were easier to find quality skills that are useful while driving. But it can't do much yet which is similar to how I felt about my echo when I got that. So I'm hoping these take off a little bit more in the skill department.	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is nice to have the Alexa feature in my car especially when I need directions. It allows me to hear music in my car without a Bluetooth stereo. I don't like that the audio is always connected to my phone even when I am not in my car.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have about 5 Echos connected in my home so I thought I'd add the Echo Auto (EA) to my car.  Well it wasn't as pleasant and easy as I thought and very quickly gave up on it.  I found that if you have a smart phone and the car system has BT streaming, the EA would be somewhat redundant.  What made me give up is that I have SiriusXM on my car and apparently to use the EA to work with Sirius, I have to purchase a smart phone subscription for Sirius.  This essentially adds the ability to control Sirius via voice command inside the car.  This plus the fact that I have to find a location for the device somewhere in/on the dash and wire it up for power, etc. made me take a pass.I would assume other people with different requirements can make it work better than I could and would be more satisfied.	2	May 20, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is the worse Amazon product ever made. I have multiple dots and other products like the fire sticks and they all work great but this $50 plastic piece of garbage does not work as intended. I bought one on prime days for 25 bucks, didn't work. Never even turned on. I get it stuff happens. 2nd one they sent me works most of the time but sometimes it just doesn't work, won't connect to phone. More annoyingly is if you park near your phone or happen to walk in a room near where you park it makes your constantly alert to go in driving mode. I'll be sleeping and all of sudden my phone will go nuts with the stupid thing trying to connect. I mainly use it for music and calls, it's great for music but for some reason it will sync with my car for calls and other times it will not...no explanation. About 3 months after receiving the new one I got billed full price $50 for the replacement citing I never returned the old one? No warning. Literally only thing it is good for is music, just remember to unplug it if you park near your house	1	May 5, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Purchased for my husband to use in his 2003 Ford Ranger. He got a great deal on a truck 16 yrs old at the time with only 33k miles. He loves his truck, but hated switching cds or listening to radio. He uses Alexa Auto daily in his truck and loves it. He is very satisfied with it. Personally I have never used it, but my husband thanks me often for gifting it to him.	3	September 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Meh, my car is analog. My phone is digital.  I'm not sure what's the point of this device. I won't read my text messages, or answer my calls. It doesn't even talk thru the car, so I'm not sure WHAT'S THE POINT????	2	April 23, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it’s great. You can play games in the car and use voice controlled commands. But other than that, I experience constant errors in connecting/pairing to my phone and no response from my Alexa device after communicating to it.	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"As many others have said, it's just not what you think or hope it will be.  Connecting was very easy in our Nissan and impossible in our Infiniti.  The sound cuts out when she's announcing.  The main reason I returned was that your car has to be on Bluetooth audio (or USB audio) mode to be able to use it.  You can't be listening to your satellite radio for example and then decide to just say ""Alexa"".  You have to change your car's input for that functionality.  It really needs to be integrated with the car in order to have a seamless experience.  Overall, I would not recommend."	3	November 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sound fades in and out, the first request after turning on my car is always ignored and the wires are annoying. BUT the concept is great. For those of us with older vehicles it’s really cool. I imagine this was an experiment for Amazon, if there is a gem 2 it will probably be awesome. This generation is just the first, so it’s buggy	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to use this i was not impressed. have to ask several times for it to do anything and it takes forever to connect. I wanted to buy my dad one for fathers day but to complicated for him to even try	3	May 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall 3 stars because cords need to come out of the bottom and I have trouble with it connecting to blue tooth. I sit in my driveway or a parking lot to connect. Biggest issue is connecting. Both not rated. I would give both of those items 2 stars, maybe.  Voice recognition is connection related. If cords and connection issues were fixed it would be 5 stars.  Don’t think it’s phone related.  Good service and iPhone.  Easy overall to set up.  Love sound quality with my car.  Converts your current system to hands free. Just a couple of kinks. Affordable. Uses very little data.	3	November 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First off Amazon misleads you by not stating that this will only work on modern vehicles of at least three years old, anything older and this will not work. Furthermore they don't state in the description that this will only work with radios with Bluetooth or an aux in line for the device to work. The description misleads you into thinking that this has a speaker built into it. It does not and so it is totally useless to most users. It should be removed from market for sale for at least ten more years when most people will be driving newer vehicles with the Bluetooth and aux line ins. But then when most radios have this already it makes the Auto Echo pretty much a useless device as the radio is already performing the functions of the Echo, this is why Amazon misleads you into thinking you can use it with any radio and any car. I had done the checking on this to see if it will work on my van and as usual Amazon lied on that also stating that it will work with my factory installed radio in my 2001 Ford Windstar Van. Also don't expect any help from Amazon support as they are all in India and as usual they don't know how to speak or understand the American language.	1	October 18, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not sure when it is connected and when it isn't. It's spotty till it gets working. Not sure if the problem is the echo,my phone, my T-mobile connection or the bluetooth. It would be nice if it gave me a little ding when it was up and engaged. The reviews indicate that the mics are great. I haven't noticed that. I don't think my car is too loud, but it still has trouble hearing me. I am sure it will get better. It would be great if I could listen to Youtube TV on the echo. Now I have to go to the trouble of disconnected the echo and connected my Youtube app if I want to listen.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Neat product, it allows me to text via voice, which I don't have the capability to do today, but it is glitchy.  Perhaps it's SW related and future SW updates will fix it, but there are times Alexa doesn't understand who to text, or the message I want texted is interpreted incorrectly.  The other thing that is annoying is if I ask Alexa to play a radio station from my phone, if I get a text and ask Alexa to play the text after that, the previous radio station does not start on it's own, I need to once again ask Alexa to play a radio station from my phone.	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	echo auto works about the same as echo dot while in the car.  if you have your favorite tunes on an ipod, you can use it as long as you disconnect echo auto. Alexa cannot control music from itunes period.  Thought I bought a great new item, but like everything in this world, nothing is perfect.  I did work with a couple of folks at Amazon and the first person had me try multiple items then told me that itunes is no longer supported, but thought i should be able to do what I wanted.The second person told me that there is no way alexa can control any music on iphone or ipod.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's ok. Needs improvement for sure ... if u loose service it stops  if u play 4 or 5 songs it stops due to inactivity ..  its tricky to connect if ur running android auto.but overall ok for 20 bucks ... plays music other than foreign in the middle of nowhere	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Have not been able to get the device to stay connect. I have backed out completely and started over. Each time it doesn't remain connected. My phone says it is paired with the Alexa Auto. When I ask Alexa to do something like ""What is the temperature outside, I can see that the unit is doing something because the blue light is active. Sometimes If I go to the Alexa App, I can even see the response in the history. However at no time am I able to hear the response while in the car. I haven't done much lately in trying to make it work, because of how much time I have already spent working on this. My daughter has one and it works for her, but there is something in my S10 phone or my Buick that makes it a problem. I do have a wifi connection in the buick via Onstar. Don't know know why I am having so much trouble. It should be just a plug and play. I was really looking forward to using it and maybe when I have some time to try again, it will work."	2	October 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I live out in the country, where sometimes I have no connectivity along various roads.  As a result, whatever I am playing will abruptly stop.  This is not a function of the Alexa device per se.  However, once I lose a signal on my iphone, the blue-tooth connection to the Alexa device is interrupted.  Then, someone else in the car needs to take my phone, open the Alexa app and re-establish a blue-tooth connection to the Alexa device.  I wish that the device would stay connected to the Alexa app on my phone, and once I have a phone signal again, that the device would start playing on it's own.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Not entirely sold on this.  System is dependent on your phone's Alexa app.  There is a guaranteed problem with the connection every time I drive and it will render the Auto useless.  They should have made this a stand alone device like the echo dot that would only need your phone's internet for it to work.  But it's just built solely for the ""Alexa"" voice recognition.  It doesn't even have a speaker of it's own to use in case you are not connected to the bluetooth.  For the price that you pay for this, it's not worth it.  You can live without this. Not recommended."	2	August 25, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Don't get me wrong. it works fine, and I have dozens of Alexa devices that I love to use at home. It just doesn't seem to add much usefulness to my car with android auto. I can see that it might be useful if my car didn't already have that.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not really necessary if you already have Bluetooth on your phone and Bluetooth in your car pretty easy to just open up the Alexa app and use that on your phone no need to buy this product	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this because I thought that it would be useful when driving somewhere, but even though it is easy to set up it does not work as well as advertised.  I do not have bluetooth in my car because it is older, but I do have a bluetooth adapter that I use.  It works fine until you turn the car off, but once you do that and start the car again it no longer works.  It may be different with a car that has a built in bluetooth system, but if you have to use an adapter it does not seem to work like it claims to.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It takes a few minutes items to operate some times. So it’s basically useless when you start driving. Works well after that.	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the product. However it buzzes because it has to be plugged into power unit while also plugged into auxiliary cord. If it held a charge that would make it awesome.	3	August 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's nice to have just to be able to speak to Alexa but if you have bluettoth  in your car and already have Amazon Music on your phone; than you don't really need this device. It was given to me as gift, so it's nice to have , but I wouldn't have spent my money to buy it.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Could be operator error here but I have two issues.  1st each time I turn the car off I have to unplug the power and aux cables to get Alexa Auto to work again.  2nd issue is that often the sound will go to my phone not my car speakers.  Possible 3rd issue is bluetooth connectivity.  I had a lot of issies trying to use Bluetooth so I just ended up switching to the Aux cable. Maybe I just need I instructions to clear up operator error but since there weren't any...I still have frustrations. I don't know anything about a touch screen feature so I gave it 3 stars	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Aux input jack setup caused a massive conflict with the Toyota jbl console, it appears Alexa Auto has some form of dominance or control freak necessity according to Toyota dealers here as it attempts to integrate with the 10 year old system on the Sienna.  There is also occasional loss of sound but that could be due to smart phone notifications for texts, emails, and other so permitted applications which annoys and frustrates listening experience.	3	September 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this was going to be better than it is.  I already have a rudimentary voice recognition system in my truck.  And I think it's just as good as this Alexa auto-version. This one is fine if you don't have anything. It just didn't blow my socks off like my home version.	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"We own 3 Echo devices at home, Amazon's spies knows everything about us by now. They should know how eager I was for Alexa functionality in my car. I received the invite and waited, impatiently, for months until I was given the opportunity to buy one.I so wanted to love this.I so hate it now.When it connects, it misunderstands us as a rule, even worse than the home units. When it starts playing music (if we ever get to that point...which is very rare these days) it cuts off the first few seconds. When I try and wake it up, it freezes. When I look at it, it freezes. When a raindrop falls, it freezes!So here's how I use it in the car:1 - Start the car and begin driving2 - Think to myself ""Gosh, I could sure listen to some music right now!""3 - Say outloud ""Alexa, shuffle the album Aqualung by Jethro Tull!""4 - Watch the light bar turn blue and stay blue.5- After 30 seconds, I unplug the damn thing and powercycle it. Now it miraculously works!6 - Say outloud ""Alexa, shuffle the album Aqualung by Jethro Tull!""7- Grip the steering wheel in a rage as she says ""Here's a radio station you might enjoy!""8- Shout ""Alexa, cancel!"" followed by several oaths, promises and vows involving 4-letter words9 - Turn on the radio and find something over the air"	1	March 9, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a Chevrolet Bolt, don’t know it’s the car or the echo, Hence I give it a 3 star.it went thru setup successfully With sound came out from the car’s speakers, but when try to use it, Alexa never can reply to my question, or may be she never listens(when I said Alexa..., she acknowledges with 1st “ding”, and stop listen right away with a 2nd “ding”, before I can start my question or sentence.This is the first Alexa device that fails to work for me, Consider my home is completely Alexa enabled.I threw away the boxes already, Don’t know if I can still return it.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Alexa auto is great for streaming Amazon music, but seriously lacks when it comes to navigation. You really end up spending more time messing with your phone in order to get Alexa Auto to get you to your destination, which defeats the ""hands free""  Pairing was super simple and although my car (2017 Malibu) is listed as one not bluetooth compatible, it was the only way I could connect to Alexa Auto. I am holding out hope that Amazon will get better with the navigation portion of Alexa Auto (the reason I bought it). If you have the Amazon Music app and a bluetooth radio, there really is no need for this device."	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It don’t work that well with me. I feel that I wasted my money, its just sitting in my car. I am glad that I didn’t spend a lot of money. The sound quality is good, voice recognition is good, when it works. 49.99 is not a good price. I feel that it came  from the dollar store. It works one time and then it break.	3	November 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you are an Apple Music subscriber, Echo Auto will play two songs of a playlist and then stop.  Sometimes, if you are lucky, you can have Alexa play your Apple Music radio station and have it work for most of the commute, but recently, it has stopped playing music after a few songs, as well.  Usually that is after I have told Alexa to skip the current song.One other major issue is that Echo Auto refuses to shuffle my playlists or loop them.  I would like to have that basically set as a default when playing a playlist.These issues are AFTER I spent a great deal of time configuring the system, having it forget everything and configuring it again.  I think this product has some great potential, but right now, it isn't worth it.  I have watched, anxiously, for improvements to the product, but I haven't seen them.As a stand alone Bluetooth device connected to my car that doesn't have a Bluetooth, it is quite good.  But as an Echo device, not ready for prime time yet.	2	October 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The echo auto reduces the air coming thru the vent. None of the air vents are located where I want the echo.  When the  Echo looses conection with the Alexa app, I  must pull over and reconnect. When I'm listenening to music, I must turn down the volume so Echo can hear me.  I'll ask ALexa to play a particular song and artist and it will play a different song by the artist. I ask for "" Someday we'll be together"" by Diana Ross and I'll get ""Baby Love"".  I ask for ""Fareed Zakaria"" and I get a review of the movie ""Sicario"". I spend most of my time driving alone. I got the Auto so I could select music, podcasts and Audible books without taking my eyes off the road but I feel like I'm talking to a third grader who is hard of hearing and suffers from Attention Deficit Syndrome. I have an Echo Dot and am very pleased with it and the Show my Mom has but as far as Echo Auto goes, I'll say, It's not worth the effort."	2	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have the 2010 Lexus RX350. After I got my Echo Auto, I was so excited but wouldn't connect to my Bluetooth. After trying for a couple of weeks and purchasing other Bluetooth connectors, none works, so I called the Customer Service. The rep was a very kind and patient man, but it was not working. After trying for hours, I let the poor rep go and reset my car's Bluetooth (disconnecting my phone and re-adding to my car's Bluetooth device), and VIOLA! It worked!If any of you have Bluetooth in the car, but it's not connecting with your Echo Auto, disconnect/remove your phone from your car Bluetooth and reinstall/re-add it. It will work!	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First let me say that when she works, she's an absolute peach. I love the complete hands free aspect of her. I have a password on my phone so Google and Alexa wont work through that without my imputing a password.Now, there has been MANY times when she just doesn't work. I say Alexa, she turns blue and dings. I give my command and she turns off. I repeat this process a few times before I finally give up. My husband and I both have one in our cars and it happens with both devises. My car is bluetooh set up and his car is AC adapter set up.	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to like this. I mean, Alexa in the car? What Echo owner wouldn't want that?Truth is, this device is for a limited group of users. If you have a new car, sure, it would work fine with that. If you have an older car (I have a 2006 Chevrolet) it likely won't work without spending more money on a cigarette lighter bluetooth-radio transmitter. You need either a 1/8"" audio jack to connect the ""speaker"" or you need in-car bluetooth. Missing that? Won't work. I couldn't even set it up in my house because it required the audio cable connection. Avoid if you don't have the required new car. Not worth $50 with these features/restrictions."	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let’s just start with the most important thing. This is not a stand alone Echo device. It simply is a microphone array for the Alexa app on your phone. So for it to work your phone has to be connected to the car radio the Echo has to be connected to the phone and the Alexa app has to be active. Without all of that there is no functionality. And basically it is only the same functionality as the app but with a microphone array. It works about half the time. Not at all worth 50. I got it during the invitation period so only paid 25 and it might be worth that.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the Echo Auto is used in the family automobile, the Alex which remains at homewill not stream Music because the Alexa Auto is streaming. I was very disappointed to learn thatmy family members are deprived of streaming with the Alexa at home when I use the Alexa Auto in the automobile.  For a family that is not very practical.  For that reason I only awarded the Alexa Auto 3 stars overall and only 2 stars for Alexa integration.The Alexa Auto works in the same manner as having two Alexa devices in your home, you can't stream on both at the same time.  So Disappointing !	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to love this - I had an older car without bluetooth and thought that with a bluetooth speaker, this would be perfect.  Long story short, it wasn't.  It did not want to integrate and worked only sporadically, mostly when I was at my house and it connected to the home's wifi rather than the BT speaker.  Unfortunately, the car didn't last me through the winter, so I thought, great, I'll pop this into the newer car that did have BT audio but there, too, it only worked sporadically, when it feels like it, it seems.  so now it sits in the car as I've been to busy to bother about it, and if I talk to it, yes, it responds, but only to say that it can't find my phone, which is right there and connects via BT to the car every time, just never to the Auto Alexa.  I was expecting great integration with audible books and my online radio choices, but did not get that at all.  Oh well, some things have to fail, I guess.	2	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My first review was unkind as the Echo Auto was very difficult to set up; I thought it was never going to work.  Then, even after it started working, it worked intermittently for a while.  For the last month or so it has been more reliable and I use it fairly often.  It works for announcements to my Alexa devices at home, Spotify, SiriusXM and Amazon Music (I haven't used it for anything else, yet).  Although set up was not easy, and it still has some problems executing commands, if you have Alexa devices in your home and have a long commute to work, you may like it.	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is a nice thing to have so that you don’t have to unlock your phone to change playlists. However, it kind of randomly stops working.  In order to use it at all, your audio source has to be Bluetooth.  This means that you can’t listen to the radio and also use Alexa.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is great for a car that does not have Bluetooth as it can seamlessly connect your phone to your car as soon as you turn it on. However, one issue I have had with it is that it loses connection frequently. This seems to always happen while actually driving so I cannot fix it until I'm stopped. Also, the ability to talk on the phone is great. The speaker works pretty well. For some reason, most of the time when I am done with the call, my media will no longer play. I have to restart the device to get it to work again.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s great at recognizing my voice with a lot of noise present.  It does not remember my audio routing for a iphone call on my iPhone. I have to forget the device and then reinstall just so it can be listed in my call routing devices.Right now, I have to fiddle with this thing while I’m driving just to get it to make a hands free phone call. My installation option: no Bluetooth for music streaming and no Bluetooth for phone calls. I depend on the audio cable and aux in my car. When I does work, audio quality of  my phone calls are great.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love this product - I just wish it would work consistently.  There are too many times it does not work, and since I'm on the road I can't troubleshoot with Amazon to fix it.  Very frustrating!	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had an original Echo auto and one day it failed. Ordered a new one, and I've never got it to work yet. I've found I have problems with each activation of any Echo unit. It's like trying to pull teeth from an alligator. Do this, do that, watch for flashing orange light, etc.  Also, if you ask Alexa to play classic country and you turn your car off, ask Alexa for the same genre and you get the same playlist.	3	July 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have Alexa Echo devices throughout my home; switches, plugs, smart bulbs, theromostat -- all works like a charm or I'd never would have considered Echo Auto.Rubber mount for air duct mounting: stress relief glued onto mount and the first thing to pop off even before I plugged in the unit. Attaching to my middle air ducts drapes wiring over car controls and makes it prone to snagging when trying to make heat/air etc adjustments (2015 Ford Explorer).Cumbersome, taking me back to the days when cars did not have Bluetooth or even aux input plugs.Network availability is poor even in a large metro areas when perfect telephone coverage. Long, something 15 second delays to requests made and accepted. When you hit a dead spot and get 'network not available', you have to keep poking Alexa to see if connectivity has returned.I love Alexa in my home and look forward to these issues being resolved. Unless you are a diehard, like me and slightly OCD, I'd recommend waiting for improvements......this my first negative review in the years I've been a Prime member.	2	October 19, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not sure how much more it brings to the table if you already use Google assist. The only advantage I see is being able to turn thing on or off but you can also use the alex app for that.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the people that tried this item, on initial release.  I had off and on difficulty with getting it to connect with my Samsung Galaxy S5.  I switched recently to the Samsung Galaxy S10+, and after numerous attempts, still cannot get the Alexa Auto to connect and operate with the Alexa app on my new phone.  I had applied for another invitation, to get one for usage in my 2nd car.  I did not do this, as I now cannot get the blasted thing to connect to the Alexa app on my phone--period.  It essentially was finicky with my Galaxy S5, and now does not seem to want to work at all with my Galaxy S10+, so basically, for me, it is dead and useless.With the wiring needed for the device, and the issues with keeping connected to the Alexa app, I consider the device to be some what of a pain.  The modern auto, with blue tooth, and the modern smart phone, which has blue tooth, makes the Alexa Auto look antique.  You do not need wires, and you have a multitude of ways to stream music from your phone, to your in car radio.  The market niche for Alexa Auto, is just about none existent, for proven connection capabilities of existing items, like Pandora, or Google Play.  Alexa Auto is unique, only in the capability of voice commands, if you can get it to work, and stay working, for which it currently has serious difficulties.	1	October 19, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I am a big fan of Echo products and own more than a dozen. I signed up for the ""invitation only"" email that was supposed to get me this device. After almost one year of waiting, it arrived and immediately I had a problem installing as the promised ""dash mount"" was discontinued. As I have round air vents, I had to shove it in with force to get it to stay. Then the cord had to be buried along a channel to the 12V cigarette lighter. Finally, after a few tries at connecting it worked but only sporadically.I bought this as my wife's car doesn't have Car Play and I though having the navigation with voice and screen where she could see it would be great, but this is the first Echo device that disappoints. The hassle of also having to have your stereo in ""bluetooth"" mode all the time makes it frustrating. It should work as flawlessly as connecting a phone but doesn'tGood try Amazon, but this device needs a lot of work before it is ready for prime time."	2	November 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's not like your alexa at home. You have to make sure to switch your radio to the proper ""source"" before you talk to her. For me it's not convenient at all. Using Google on my phone is faster and more convenient. It does work as described when you use it tho."	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought this would ease my problem of looking at the radio controls.  This uses the Bluetooth fixtures of your phone.  Meaning, it's like having phone on speaker.  You will have to put your vehicle on Bluetooth.  You will not be able to use this without it, unless you plug into it using the Aux.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Falls off once in a while and sometimes won't listen when I ask to play something from Pandora and Spotify, but it's not terrible.  It allows me to be hands free while driving which is the most important thing.	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My vehicle is a 2011 Nissan Murano.  Took a bit of work to get the blue tooth to synch up.  Will not sync with the radio through the speakers, so the sound is from my phone.  The alexa device also loses connection as you drive and takes too long to sync up with my phone once I start the car and start driving.  If this is the first generation of the car alexa device...maybe wait for the next gen for improvements.  Otherwise when it works, it just llike my alexa at home.  Nice feature is calls directly thru other alexa devices at home or where ever.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product had very serious issues,... tried to install per the instructions given. After being unsuccessful, I notified a helped desk. After almost an hour and a half, and never he anywhere in reference to this product. I was advised disinformation and the issue would be handled at a higher level. Received a phone call, and it was like trying to reinvent the wheel. Spent several hours on the telephone with the specialists, going from my computer desktop, out to my car, and back again numerous times in which I lost count. I spent approximately half a day ( 5 and half hours) trying to get this device connected with no success. Finally the specialists advised me that the product was defective, and dissented back to as for a new replacement.Went to Kohl's and couldn't return it because you f****** guys wouldn't give me a God damn return authorization or number so I'm sitting around with my thumb up my ass.	1	March 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this only because my auto insurer paid for it and it was free to me. When I got it I went to set it up. The set up is easy. However, it was not compatible with my car, which does not have Bluetooth, nor and AUX port. The real issue with it is the mount, and the cords. It is not safe to have cords hanging from your dash while you are driving. It is awkward and cumbersome.  Even if it had been compatible with my car I would have packed it away.  Use your own judgement but it was too bulky for me.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was all excited about this Alexa auto but it loses connection often and pauses constantly for no reason.Even though I have the app open, it keeps on asking me to open it. Annoying!	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I own or have owned every echo product pretty much when they launch since the original. But this device is a weaker launch. My 2019 ram has a lot of bells and whistles as is but i figured id add alexa and use my amazon music and what not more often with voice commands through the echo and my phones bluetooth. Problem is it takes a second to get warmed up it seems, as the tone will sound but nothing happens for awhile. Then you have to deal with the constant “cannot connect to the network right now, please try again later”. Even though i have plenty of service and every other feature on my phone or radio works, pandora etc. My trip to work is only about 15 mins and ive had days where i refused to give up and eventually got one song to play as i sat in silence the whole trip besides for being told about trying again because of alexa cannot connect to the network. Even though i went ahead and asked alexa if she was connected to the network and she said yes. Go figure.	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So i read all the review and just assumed that i would be better than most these people. I figured i could get mine to work better and i would love this product as i love all my other Alexa devices. I was sadly wrong. The whole experience just feels clunky. The wires running all around my car. When i had A/C running in my car or i was on the highway, or any other times where the noise was a little louder Alexa had trouble hearing me. When it would hear me, a lot of the time it would still ask me to use my phone to do things. Like if i asked for directions half the time it would ask me to open the app before continuing.  I really really wanted to be the exception and i wanted to like this echo auto so bad but it just inst that great. 2/5 stars.	2	August 3, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	El gancho de la base es poco manipulable y parti la rejilla del A/C colocandolo... Y la otra falla es la del micrófono, para que escuche tengo que gritar y a veces ni gritando reacciona bien.	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that this hooks up to my phone. It helps me be hands free when driving.  I can connect to other Alexa devices and communicate with devices at home.  The biggest draw back is that I don’t have blue tooth built into my vehicle, so I have to use Bluetooth on my phone. If I forget to turn the Bluetooth off when I get out of the car, it is like my phone is on silent. The sounds is still connected to the auxiliary in the car.  If I had a newer car, I would like it a lot more.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been using for about a month and think the concept is great. I like that I can ask Alexa about traffic, weather, news, and any song I feel like hearing at anytime. What I dont like is the connectivity issues upon enter/exiting the car. It seems to pause or disconnect quit a bit. Yes, I know that the bluetooth connection has a range but just outside the car getting gas is well within it. Majority of the time both phone and Alexa Auto need to be rebooted to continue using. Besides that and the data being used, I find it very appealing!	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No speaker built in.	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Alexa devices in my home and I'm very happy with them, so this seemed like a natural extension putting it in my car. It was easy to set up and seemed to work fine until you restart the car, then you have to reconnect with the app each time. Some days it would pop on and have no problem playing songs or podcasts or my local radio station on IHeart Radio, other days it just would not connect no matter what I did. Hopefully Amazon is working on getting the bugs worked out of it and it will perform as the marketing for it promises.	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First I called the help desk to help me install it and they said to buy a FM transmitter. So I did and I called again and after a lot of time I thought it was working. But the next day I got in the car and I couldn't hear anything but static. It may work on a newer car but did nothing for my Toyota Camry.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like it while it works however, I constantly have to set it up over and over again eventually in the Alexa app to be able to use it again...It either deletes itself from my device lost or in order to get it to want to connect again, I have to go into the Alex app, choose to forget the device and then re-add it. And everytime I have to go through the same setup.. sound text, tutorial video, etc... what gives??	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The mounting bracket it comes with works, kinda.  It's at an odd angle, and after a while will just slide off the vent.  Really should have better options to mount this.  Especially an option that is not blatantly obvious you have a semi-expensive item sitting in your car just ready to be stolen.  Something to mount it to the ceiling in the car, or maybe under the dash/console.  Some non obvious place where you can still have access to Alexa.  I'm sad that I'll just not be using mine, until I am able to custom build a better mount for it.	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the auto Alexa when it works properly but I’m having an issue with it staying connected.  The device drops the connection and I have to go back in the app...turn it off & back on...etc to get it to reconnect.  I’m finding I just don’t have time to do that over and over and I can’t do it if I’m the driver!	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto—did I need it, no. Is it cool, sort of. Is it overly useful, not really.It doesn’t really do anything my phone didn’t do already. There are some things that are great about it: playing music, weather reports, and playing “Song Quiz”. In the nutshell that is all I do with mine. I am going to add an Alexa approved garage door opener which I think will be nice.Other than that, I can’t use the voice text (I have an iPhone) and I really don’t know what else to do with it to be honest. Overall, I am glad it was only $25.	3	November 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Installation:  Not even sure how or why it started working.  The steps for setup were unclear, and Echo seems to only connect to Alexa when its in the right mood.When it is connected, which is about 75% of the time I try to use it, it works fine and I can access most Alexa skills.  HOWEVER,  there is nothing this Echo gadget does that I cannot do with my Alexa app on my cell phone through the Bluetooth system in my truck.  So, I would say that the unit is little more than a glorified adapter and really isn't necessary if you have a newer vehicle.  I could see this being an excellent tool for classic car owners, who don't have these kinds of capabilities, but with satellite radio, and cars with bluetooth active, I am not all together sure its necessary.  I am less than impressed and if I didn't order it at a dramatic discount six months before the release date, and/or paid full price I don't think I could in any way justify the expense or recommend it.	2	October 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The voice recognition, bluetooth connectivity and integration with other features work great, but the overall product is useless, given that it already requires Google or Apple smartphone (both have a similar voice feature) and takes bandwidth. To me this looks like a product without a market, it doesn't address any unmet need. The phone already has Bluetooth or line-in connectivity to the car.I was looking to record my voice in the car, practically I dictate text. Alexa has Voice Pad, with an attention span of exactly one sentence! It is simply unpractical. Also, I would like the possibility to keep the original sound recording in the phone, eventually without sending it to Amazon for voice to text. Certainly there is an app in the phone doing exactly that, however I was expecting the superior microphone array of Alexa to do a better job.I'm exploring the possibility of developing this skill. So far I think this is not possible, since Alexa requires sending the voice stream to Amazon.I've got this product with a huge discount and bought it out of curiosity, to understand the Alexa platform.	1	June 23, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Purchased this only because there was a promotional price and I figured I’d give it a shot. There are issues.1- if you run your car ac, the unit cannot bear you. I have to turn the ac off and then give commands.2- the main thing I’d need during driving is directions.  But once you tell it where you want to go, you still have to pick up your phone and got your maps app - incredibly dangerous and distracting.  The whole purpose of echo auto should be to do things hands-free.- I have multiple echos at home and use with no problems, but it seems I have to constantly repeat my requests to echo auto. I don’t have the window down so street and ambient noise isn’t the issue.- it’s impossible to just tuck it away without wires dangling everywhere. There should be a way to maybe hide it in the center console with a small mic hanging out?Bottom line - it was ok to try out and play with for around $20 but no way worth the full price of $49.	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pros:  Unit is attractive, looks minimal yet high tech, and voice recognition is as expected with Echo products.Cons:1.  Set up was kind of quirky.  Took about three tries to get it connected.2.  Messy.  I don't want a power cord running down my dash.  And for those using AUX, it's yet another cable.3.  The worse thing are the maps.  Yes, you can default to Google Maps, but once you ask for directions, it sends you a notification for you to click on your phone... really ???  Why doesn't it just bring up the map ?4.  You have to have your radio to either bluetooth or AUX input to hear the unit.  I knew this when I ordered the unit from the invitation, and thought I would try it, but Amazon should either give the option to use the built-in speaker, or provide a separate speaker you can put somewhere under the dash.And really, the Alexa app already does what the Echo Auto does, so I really didn't need to fork out the extra money.	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Alexa integration ability is pretty cool.  I'm able to use the Echo Auto in conjunction with my Echo Show.  However, I would not recommend the Echo Auto if you do not have a car that already has a built-in AUX port.  I have a 2004 SUV and we use a Bluetooth adapter.  As a result, the sound quality is pretty bad and has a lot of static.  Set up took me nearly 20 minutes and there's also 2 different cords that have to be plugged in in order for it work which can be a little annoying or cluttered.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought I’d give this a try since my insurance company offered it for free. I was excited to see what it did and it seemed easy enough to set up. I’ve had it a week now and all in all, I’m not super impressed.I’m already able to connect my phone to my car via Bluetooth, so the ability to play music wasn’t really a compelling feature. I was hoping it would allow me to verbally tell it what to play, but unfortunately it will only stream music from an online service and won’t connect to music on your phone. If you’re like me and don’t have an unlimited data plan, this is a major drawback.Another feature it advertises is the ability to check your commute and look up directions. I tried to save some addresses for places I visit frequently in my locations, but it wouldn’t recognize them when I asked for directions. It kept listing off all the local places offering similar services.Also, it frequently disconnected from my phone and told me I needed to open the Alexa app to get it to work, and by that point I would already be driving.Overall, it seems to be more of a distraction than a help while driving and I’m glad I didn’t spend any money on this.**Update -  The cord holder fell off the base within a week. It appears to have a notch for a screw but it’s only held on by sticky tape.	1	November 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Intermittent re-occuring connection issue.  I am only moderately satisfied.  Alexa regularly loses connection with Android phone and I have to unpair then re-pair then add the device through the Alexa App.  Annoying at the very least.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Echos in my home. Work great. With the car, tough to setup because I didn't have the big display. Have it disconnected for now. May use in the future.	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought the device to carry in an old pick up not equipped with the latest amenities to Bluetooth. However we learned the hard way that being connected to a mobile devise does use a lot of data which caused us overage extra charge with our carrier. I would say if you have ‘unlimited’ you are probably safe but make sure before you continue connection	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa Worked fine for over a year Then suddenly would not connect to Internet I've spent a lot of time trying to fix the issue . So disappointing	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Adding the Echo Auto to my car(s) has been one of the nicest things that I've done to them in a while. The Echo Auto is quite responsive. Even over the music that I play in my car, the microphone can pick up my voice and recognize what I'm saying quite well. The only downside that I've experienced is that you have to have the Amazon Alexa app running on your phone in order for Alexa to perform whatever task you ask of it. Other than that, this is a must have in your car if you are fond of the Alexa.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like being able to work my phone hands free but I'm having issues with alexa and sms messaging. She does okay for the most part as far as sending however she's no help with reading my texts to me.. I've tried adjusting my settings but she keeps saying I have not fixed the settings.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I use an auxiliary cord. I'm sure it works successfully for others. Not sure if it's the connection it has with Spotify, or whatever but I says ""Alexa pay Spotify"" she says ""OK here's Spotify.... I'm having trouble connecting with the Spotify"". Even after reconnecting over and over, and my signal is always strong, have to reboot both devices at times. Sometimes she'll say it won't connect, then Spotify starts playing in the background while she's talking... it's annoying but I'll just continue to use it, it has Bluetooth and just not talk to the chic... she angers me!"	2	October 22, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's really cool to be able to drop in on Echo devices in my home from the car, although Alexa in my car seems to have a problem withe the ""hang up"" command.It's a lot easier and more convenient to ask Alexa to call someone when in the car than to use the car's own voice command system.Sound quality is fine, but unlike the car's radio/sound system, Alexa has periodic sound pauses. They are not frequent and don't last long, but they are annoying and lead me to switch inputs when on long drives."	3	February 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is no where near as good as other echo devices. When it does work it’s nice but you can’t count on it. It loses connection frequently. There are also random, annoying audio warnings that interrupt what you are doing, like during trivia or other games. It might work a little better if you have an AUX connection in your vehicle so it’s not trying to pair to 2 Bluetooth connections, but who knows? It’s fun to have as a novelty to play games or stuff on commutes or long drives but you can’t rely on it for navigation or anything like that.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Setup is not quite as stable as it could be.Alexa sometimes takes a while to figure out which command you’re actually speaking, and often plays music from my purchased playlist instead of reading my book.	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So the mic doesn't pick up voice by talking you have to raise your voice if window us ipen or music is playing... worse I have a car that the power from the cigarette lighter is always on so when I am home in my house this thing is still connected to my phone so the EchoAuto is connected all night anytime I have bluetooth on and it has no switch so only way to manage this is to unplug it which is terribly annoying and frustrating. The sound playing through bluetooth is great and the ease of having echo in my home and in the car for music is great.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Given a little time and refinement this will be an amazing feature to add to your car audio set up. When I can get it to connect & stay connected, it is the best add on feature I have ever put in my car. It does a surprisingly good job of picking up my voice over the sound of the Stereo system .it quickly and accurately plays what ever I request . The only issue I have experienced is getting it to connect & stay connected to my phone via the Alexa app. I'm sure in time Amazon will work out the connection issues.	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is a cool idea but I am not as impressed as I hoped I’d be. The issue is the connection is horrible to where the sound goes in and out or speeds up the music to where it sounds like a 33rpm record is being played at 75. I think this item would be ok for like $20 but it’s got a lot of issues to be selling at $50. At the end of the day this does what your phone already does. Also you have to let the Alexa app location always be on, on when app is open doesn’t work, and always on drains your battery.	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works just like your home devices when it works.  Completely dependent on your cell service.  Takes up to 5 minutes sometimes to connect before you can use it.  Notice I have to be extremely punctuated with certain requests even when the car isn’t moving.  Have to scream at if it the volume is even slightly loud.  Overall after you get used to it’s downfalls it’s not bad, but if your phone and car radio are Bluetooth compatible you could achieve the same results with the Alexa App as opposed to spending $50.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works like all the other Alexa systems which means it's buggy, inconsistant and crashes for no apparent reason.	3	October 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Whoever designed this deserves a failing grade for not understanding what takes place a car.  To begin with, there should be a little green LED light on the case to show that the power to the unit is ON.  Simple, and it provides a positive check that the unit is powered up without having to look at your phone.  Currently, nothing indicates that the Echo is working and has power.  Even if you use your phone it repeatedly fails to connect to Amazon music.  I had to constantly cursor through repeated questions about whether I was a passenger.  Geez.  Give the drive some credit.  The driver can set adjustments when they are stopped at a light without having to just about provide ""written certification"" that they are not doing anything dangerous.  I really wanted this to work but it ended up being a total pain.  I wont try it again until they put a power ""ON"" light on the Echo case so I can at least tell that it is ""ready to go""."	1	September 3, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Bluetooth works great (I have an older vehicle). Alexa is generally worthless for more than trivial questions. I'm so suck of hearing, ""I don't know that one"", and ""I can't determine your location right now"". Very frustrating."	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I liked the product and idea but, I have found a few flaws. I have found that my phone has trouble connecting to the device when I get into my car. I might be doing something wrong there, I don’t know. I have also found when I do get my phone connected, it literally stays connected until I manually disconnect it. I have tried to answer phone calls while being in my house and the sound gets sent to the Echo in my car. That’s mainly the most irritating thing I have found. Other than those two things, I think with a few adjustments this product would be really good and helpful.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very disappointed that in only lasts 3 months!	2	June 18, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s a really nice handy addition to an older vehicle. But, not all the time does my phone connect right away. I have to unplug it then plug it back in and hope it works on the first shot. Other than that, not too bad!	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	conflicts with my CarPlay and takes over every time you use it so that you have to change back to radio manually after giving a command or using a call. Sometimes it does not recognize commands. It would be more useful in a car that does not have CarPlay or a smart screen.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had the auto echo for about 2 weeks. This is our 4th echo device and our least favorite.The cords get in the way. The AC cent clip is big and once again gets in the way. I really don’t like that part at all.I have a Honda oddessey.It is fun to use Alexa in the car and the device works well. I can’t see myself using it too much though. I don’t want to eat up my data plan though.So there you go. If you have the app and your phone connects to the car via blue tooth then there is no reason to have this. ;)	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ummmmm it's an okay device. I love the hands free aspect of course. But I just mainly use it for the amazon music. And get directions. Not sure what I expected but , it's an ok buy.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's not as easy to use as the units in my home... I don't even attempt to set it up for quick trips because of the number of steps and the time it takes.... I'm sur it will get better in future generations but this one lacks a bit... I am quite happy with my units connected to my internet at home.... through the phone not so much...	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the beta testers for this and I've had it since pretty much since it's inception. I wanted to love this, I really really wanted to love this. I wanted this so bad and couldn't wait to get it. Sadly it has been nothing but a disappointment. It is so glitchy all the time. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't and that's just what you get used to.The most annoying aspect for me was that it literally works through your phone. The Bluetooth connects to your phone your phone connects to your car. I cannot for the life of me understand why they just don't have an app for your phone and cut out the middleman. Oh that's right they want to sell you a useless device.it does come in handy at times when I'm looking for stuff in an area that I'm driving in, when it works.This device has a long way to go, please Amazon just making app for the phone.	2	February 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This Alexa device has a built in speaker, but will only use it for setup, and apparently error messages. You have to connect this device to your car blue tooth, if your car has it, or through an auxiliary input, if your car has one. If you have neither, you are out of luck. My car has an auxiliary input, but if I select that then I cannot use the radio or CD player. So, I either have to turn off the Alexa device audio to listen to the radio or CDs, or I have to play music through the Alexa device. If I listen to the radio then Alexa device is mute and therefore useless. Not a fair trade off if you like to listen to XM radio or CDs. I guess this is fine if you prefer listening to music through the Alexa device, but it doesn't work for me. I don't know why you cannot use the speaker built into the Alexa device. I did read online that you might be able to use a blue tooth speaker, but this ads one more device to clutter your dash or console.	1	May 20, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the phone doesn’t have good internet saying Alexa answer doesn’t work.... you have to grab the phone to answer... would be nice if pressing the attention button would answer...Alexa won’t restart the last thing playing when it re connects. You are forced to say continue playing music. On my phone contacts my mom and wife are identified.. but if you tell Alexa to call mom or wife it asks you to say there name, I do, it states I will remember... but the next time it asks again.Out side of that the sound quality is good for music and calls.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn't respond consistently to commands	3	December 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Took forever to connect. First, it wouldn't work with my Bluetooth. So, I tried to bypass Bluetooth and just use the included cable. The instructions said to plug one end into my radio. Excuse me? I could not for the life of me find anywhere to plug anything into my radio. So back to Bluetooth. I finally got it to work. First thing I tried was getting directions. Nothing. Useless. I could get the time and the weather, but my car tells me that stuff already. I finally gave up and just used my phone and Google. Seriously, if you have a cell phone, I see absolutely no point in owning this.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does most of what I want it to do.  Will play any channel from SiriusXM I ask for as well as my Spotify playlists.  Will also read new text messages I get while driving.  It has a real problem playing podcasts, though.  I've tried it with the pocketcast and apple podcasts skills and no matter what commands I use it will not play the podcast I want.  Hopefully Amazon will improve this functionality.I wouldn't pay $50 for it but if you can pick it up on sale its probably worth it.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While I adore all things Alexa and have a pretty wired home, this Alexa Auto device is definitely not worth the money!Unlike Alexa Show, Tower, etc., it does not automatically connect - I have to approve the connection each time on my cell phone screen.  I have to approve each app on my iPhone each time, making it a bit of a PIA and unusable when you are driving and want to use voice activation for apps like  WAZE, for instance.It also does not have great voice recognition - it is actually less accurate than using Siri in my car and I've given up voice calling or finding directions.Since it was on deep discount, I didn't return.	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought it for the phone and music capabilities, since my car doesn't have bluetooth.  I missed the part where you need that or an auxiliary Jack on th radio.  I was able to solve the issue by buying an inexpensive phone bluetooth speaker for the car.  What's disappointing is that it tends to loose connection with my phone after passing through an area where I lose signal.  When that happens, it requires manual intervention to recover.  I either have to pull over to fix it or do without it until I get where I'm going	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was really excited for this product but ended up disappointed. If you want to use the Echo with Amazon supported or preferred apps, it will probably be a good fit for you. However, when using with other apps like Spotify or Waze, the experience was lackluster. The Echo wasn't even able to play music from my liked songs on Spotify, or my favorited locations on Waze. I also found it pointless that the Echo makes you tap a pop-up on your phone screen in order to complete certain commands. The whole point of this product is to be hands-free in your car. Echo Auto needs some work before I consider purchasing again.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought this for my son for Christmas.  He has an older car without navigation but it does have bluetooth.  He has a problem keeping it connected if he isn't constantly using it.  He seems to like it but will drop me and call me back so that it goes through his speakers.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	amazon needs to send someone over to Google labs to see how they do it. I'm sorry, but Google blows Alexa out of the water when it comes to being a mobile assistant. More than half the things I ask Alexa to do or find she can't do, and then I ask google which is on my phone to do the exact same thing and it never fails to complete the task. Also, this Alexa device seems to have more problems hearing me, and its right in front of me on my dashboard. It needs work, allot of work if it's going to compete with google.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Maybe it’s because I have an iPhone, but it’s not much more useful than just using Siri.  I though I would be able to get in my car and just go, but it doesn’t work that way…. You have to open the Alexa app for it to work, and then it connects via Bluetooth to your car, so you have to wait for that connection, like in my car, I have to change the source to Bluetooth every time, and then about 1-2 min into it, you can now use Alexa.  It may seem like I’m being a bit picky, but it turns out to be easier to just use Siri in the car if you have an iPhone.  Alexa is great in home, I just think it still has a ways to go in the car though.	1	April 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ve had intermittent issues with mine in the two months since I got it. The rubber cable holder lost adhesive due to weather fluctuations so I’ve had to glue it with a stronger adhesive. The initial male to male audio input cable began giving me problems about a month in and so I’ve swapped it with another. Also Alexa occasionally gives me random songs/ information aside from what I asked for and refuses to stop when I ask her to. I’m not sure if this is due to the enclosed area of the car echoing or not. Other than that, it works as intended.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have yet to get a consistent connection. Seems it connects for a few days, then, I have to start from scratch. This morning I could not get it to reconnect from scratch. Before it gave up connection this morning, I asked it to play a specific artist on Prime Music and it called my girlfriend. Last night when I asked it to play a specific artist on Prime Music, it called my girlfriend. Neither of these artists' names sounds anything like my girlfriend's name. When it works, I love it. I'll try again.	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device itself is great. I have no connectivity issues. Set up was easy and Alexa is responsive. My issue is that Alexa will not use location services ( GPS on phone) for directions, nearby businesses, etc. So if I ask for directions, closest gas stations, or anything else that involves my exact location Alexa responds with I cannot find your exact location. I have location permissions enable on my phone for the application.  Technical  support is not technical and unable to assist ( They are most likely unfamiliar  with the product). One might think this is important feature for  Echo Auto!!Update: Someone from Tech Support reached out to me and leaving the review. She was very kind and understanding. She suggested a couple of things to try. Unpaired the echo,  and Uninstaller the app. The reinstall the app and pair the echo auto. I tried the suggested fix and unfortunately, it did not resolve my issue. I still get the same error: Unable to find exact location. I double checked the location permission and have it set to always ( I'd prefer to have it only while I use the app). Just in case if anyone is wondering what phone I have paired with the alexa app, Samsung note 20 ultra.	1	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does work and it's easy to set up, but it only works on the aux setting in your car. The sound is clear and the commands are the same as your home Alexa. I wish that I was able to disengage my home alarm - which is the main reason I bought it. Due to security reasons, voice input is not allowed to disengage the alarm. This does make sense, but I wish that I had known it earlier.  Also, switching from listening to my radio to aux is a kind of pain while I'm driving. Isn't this supposed to be easier than not having your Alexa app?	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a bunch of fire tv and echo devices and had high hopes that I would experience similar Alexa convenience but in my car. Echo Auto has been very disappointing from the janky mount and cord holder to the miserable integration and reliance on the Alexa app. The Alexa app cannot play my iTunes music locally stored on my phone. The voice control is intermittent at best and the most common response to my requests is something along the line of “I’m having trouble connecting; when it is safe to do so, please open the Alexa app”. Now I have to tell the app I’m a passenger every time I open it to set my alarms or manage devices—even when I’m not connected to the Echo Auto. I was going to return it but opted to keep it purely as a $25 Bluetooth adapter for my car so I can charge my phone and listen to books or music at the same time. It’s not nearly as disappointing if you just pretend it’s not supposed to have Alexa voice control, but without that, what’s the point?	2	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have iPhone which I connect to my car with USB and access the phone via Apple CarPlay. Before I bought the Echo Auto I had been using Roav VIVA in my car, but I had not been using it too much because iPhone's restrictions for backgroind apps..I am using voice commands in my car mostly for directions. In this respect, using directly voice search in Google Maps has been much better than using Roav VIVA or Echo Auto. Echo Auto's directions are the worst:If you ask for directions to somewhere, Alexa sends the location to the Google Maps as longitude and latitude which makes it impossible to verify whether it is correct or not. Roav VIVA sends it as an address which is easy to check for correctness.I have not used neither one much for music, so no comments there, and anyway music comes through my car's speakers so I would not be able rate sound quality.But in overall, Echo Auto gives the feeling that the software is not ready yet. I don't have much complaints about hardware.	2	October 19, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Worked the first day. Hasn't worked since. Tried reconnecting to no avail. First one works flawlessly to this day after buying it when it first came out. Bought this one for work truck and hasn't worked since the second day.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like my title said, when it works, it's great.  When it does not work, I try multiple things to troubleshoot it.  Sometimes rebooting the phone works, or unplugging the unit, turn the Bluetooth off and on again, etc.  This process usually takes me 5 minutes to figure out and it is never the same problem.  If I make a lot of short trips during the day I encounter this problem; however, one long road trip and it works without a hiccup.  I guess with more updates to the unit and or the program itself will prove it to be reliable or not in the future.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I cant figure out a good way to disconnect from the car echo when I get out of my car. Trying to watch videos inside my house, the sound wants to go to the echo. The only solution I've found is to turn off the Bluetooth. Then I have to make sure to turn it back on when I go to the car.	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to originally buy this to upgrade my car, and make it more ""smart"" if you will. Full disclaimer, I did not pay for this product, and am 100% glad I did not.Product set-up was easy, everything connected simply, it was just awkward where I had to place it. I am not a fan of unconcealed wiring, so that was problem number one for me. I continued to try it, and it did not default to the options I had selected for music, podcasts, etc. and continually was playing this Barbecue song for some reason lol.The final reason it did not appeal to me personally was because of the internet connection. It had trouble connecting to the network a lot, even after driving, or just having difficulty obtaining the information I needed. After reading online on how to fix some of these things, I came across someone having data problems with it, something I did not even think about to begin with. I took it on a drive to a store about five minutes away from where I live (10 minute drive total), and I went through 200MB of data during that time. I typically drive about 25-30 minutes to work, so this thing would suck up more than half a gigabyte of data.I had very high hopes for this product, and feel it may be better to change the way Alexa is integrated into automobiles, as I feel that this was not the way to go."	1	January 8, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My husband and I purchased two of these, one for each vehicle, leaving it would be better than trying to use Siri. The mounting kit needs work because the cord holder on mine fell off the first day because the glue used couldn’t hack the Carolina heat. I crazy glued the small piece back on because it wouldn’t hold for nothing. While mine works very well and has no connection issues, my husbands has problems maintaining a connection. We have the same phone and plan so I’m not sure why we have issues with his and not mine. I would not pay the current retail price for this, not worth it.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an older car without a bluetooth radio.  I was disappointed to find out that the Echo Auto cannot just come through any car's speakers and that it must be bluetooth.  That was the whole purpose of my buying it.  I have been using Siri on my phone for years...guess I'll just have to continue until I can get a newer car.	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My wife bought this for me to out in my truck.  It hardly ever recognizes wake-up commands or understands you when you tell it something.  Then on top of that if your car sits closed enough to your home it will constantly connect and disconnect while your in the house.	2	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this on sale and returned it after its first use.  This product is very poorly made. I tried pulling it off the magnetic holder and the front came off!  The aux cable exhibited a horrible buzzing sound that wouldn’t go away no matter how I adjusted volumes, and the device actually started playing content on my TV while I was in the car.  Also, unlike most Echo devices, this one does not allow you to switch users.  I bought this so my disabled father could control the music and his phone in our car but we also like to listen to audible books which are linked to my account.  No way to do both with this device. We ended up buying an FM transmitter. Still can’t switch accounts unless we buy a second transmitter (but there are many good ones for twenty dollars), but the sound quality of the transmitters are much better than echo auto. This product is not ready for release.  I was excited to get it but I’m glad that at least Amazon makes returns easy. Hopefully future iterations of this product will be better.	1	April 15, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it connects to my phone I love this device! I only have two issues: one, it looses my phone frequently (Galaxy). This means you have to delete the device in the app and then add it back. Not ideal in a car situation. My second big issue is that you can't rename the device. It has to go by Alexa. I find this super annoying because I have a family member named Alexa. Due to this our home device is named echo. I would like all of the devices to be named echo so I can keep straight what I'm saying. Other than these two things, when it's connected it works great!	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works well if you understand what exactly this does.  Will not work without your cell phone a a cellular data plan.  I wish I could choose a different wake word other than Alexa.  With this I was able to get bluetooth calling functionality in an older truck.  I also use one in a very new car with bluetooth available and the Echo Auto does not get in the way of that at all.  I really like the fact I can control my smart home from right in my car.	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you're looking for a way to add hands free calling, thus is the device for you, if you're looking for music playback, it has some issues.The device doesn't play offline music so it's constantly streaming.  My device is incapable of skipping songs in a Playlist, it will just stop playing music all together.  The easiest way to play a different song is to tell it to re shuffle the Playlist.  It will also randomly stop playing music and register commands without executing them.Since I bought via the invite the device was a low $25, I wouldn't recommend it above that price.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	1. Setup - convoluted, but it worked fine for me.2. Operation - initially it seemed to function fine when asking Alexa basic Alexa-type things - game scores, news, weather, etc. But it seemed to fight my 2015 Fusion telematics and wouldn't wake up quickly upon starting the car. And then I tried some of the ride-along commands and it just wouldn't.3. Making calls - I'm better off leaving Siri voice on or pressing the power button because for some crazy reason, Echo can't see my contacts because they're not stored locally - they're in my gmail account. Siri can see them and call whomever I want, but not Alexa. TOTAL fail.4. Playing music on Spotify, Pandora, Tune-in - this wasn't bad, but it missed a bunch of easy ones. This seems to work almost as well as home but not quite. And why can't it play the music I have on my phone?5. Connection breakdown - one morning, it could no longer connect to my phone. I tried a bunch of things - nothing. So I disconnected bluetooth, repowered the device, and added it back into the app. Now it can NEVER connect to my phone so I probably have to do a factory reset and restart my phone and why do I need to do all these things? It should just work.I may have to return it and wait for Amazon to figure this one out.Very disappointed. Echo is not ready for auto.	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bluetooth connection to phone is very erratic.  Speakerphone function is mostly unuseable because the party you call can't hear you very well.  Will be returning.	1	October 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"In theory I thought this would be so cool, an item just like the 4 Amazon Echos that we have in our house. An item that I could ask any questions that I wanted while driving and get answers....however, the set up and connecting to it was spotty, it worked for a little bit and then didn't work, then I realized the ""buzz kill"" of this whole thing for me....the fact that you have to be hooked up to blu-tooth for this to work. I have Sirius Satellite radio in my car which I listen to almost 99% of the time, so the fact that I would have to switch it over to ask whatever questions I had was just not going to happen and i knew I probably wouldn't use it very often...I might have kept it in my Jeep if it wasn't for the fact that it would look very sloppy with wires going everywhere....after a small amount of thought (maybe 10 minutes tops) I figured out that my phone can pretty much do the same thing....so I got rid of this item."	2	November 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I found that it was not thought thru very well.FYI, I DO like and use Alexa in 3 areas of our houseBut -1)  I don’t want to always have to turn on Bluetooth on my phone because it uses extra battery2) I don’t want to have to hook up the auxiliary audio cable to my car radio, because then I can’t use my Sirius/XM or CD functionality without changing several things back and forth.  And it won’t allow me to setup the Alexa Auto without this audio cable.  Poor design.3) Having to attach it to an air vent isn’t the best because it blocks the flow of heat / AC4) Having to hookup yet another USB device is not desired.5) Because I can’t finish the setup without the audio connection, I am not able to check out any of the Alexa functionality.6) I don’t really want it to make phone calls thru this device, because I have all the functionality I need on my iPhone using Siri.7) I already have full-featured GPS Apps on my iPhone, so that isn’t needed8) It just adds extra complexity and bother to my driving experience.  My iPhone has all the functionality I need, plus I don’t need to power yet another USB device.9) In my mind, it’s too smallBottom line - this product is a “fail” and I won’t be using it at all, Sorry it doesn’t work for me.	1	January 1, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	really disappointed. after using the phone app to connect I have to unplug and plug in this unit every time I use it. then there's the fact that after I use it the app sucks power from the phone until you reboot. it's a pain forget and your phone goes dead, they  need some improvement.	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does what it's supposed to do. BUT, trying to sync everything is a big pain in  the butt. I don't use it anymore because alexa drains my phone battery  very quickly. I have a galaxy s9, don't have battery problems so I know it's this device.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa doesn't seem to understand much on Echo Auto. I have five Echo Dots, and she almost never misunderstands my commands on those, but only a quarter of what I say to the Auto goes through correctly. I basically use the Auto for reminders and lists I think of as I'm driving, and listening to Spotify podcasts through bluetooth. I don't use it for music for much so I can't give a well-rounded opinion on sound.  I don't really have problems with bluetooth disconnecting, or any problems with the extreme cold here (below zero lately).	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got two of these for each of my cars. Lots of problems. Some times it doesn’t connect or it connects but no sound. Some times I can see the progress bar ticking but there is no sound. 80% of the time while listening to a prime play list the music stops after every song so I have to hit the play button in order to resume. Same for audiobooks. It never resumes after shutting off the car and starting again.Hope they fix the multitude of problems. I suspect most of the problems are with the Alexa iOS app and not the device itself but can’t be sure.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Everything was good as long as I was in the car. When I left the car, it would not disconnect and if I disconnected manually, it would reconnect on its own. That's a problem because then everything attempts to go thru the Echo instead of your phone. Music, notifications, etc.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like having Alexa in the car for the convenience I’ve come to expect from her...but this unit is really a poor implementation of this idea. The wires are everywhere, the vent clip doesn’t clip to any vent I’ve tried and the whole thing is slightly less practical then having the cheaper Echo Input in you car instead.  It works great as a Bluetooth accessory for my car - better than any of the FM transmitters I tried.  I just think maybe Echo Auto 2 will be better...particularly when the price is $50!  I got mine for $25 and that is as expensive as this item should ever be.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I returned the Echo Auto even though I got it with the initial price ($25) and the air vent mount included. In order to ask for directions, you need to be connected to the GPS at all times, this not only uses a lot of battery in your phone but also data. Also, you have to put the product in the air vent, it is very visible and ""attractive"" and I was concerned, someone would break-in my car just to stole it. I am not impressed and after trying it for two weeks, I decided to return it. I definitely do not miss it at all."	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hate that I have to have app open anyway, but.... I set it up and it worked fine, ONCE! After 6 more unsuccessful tries giving up and returning for refund. Not reliable.	1	October 12, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This works great for the Alexa experience and would be a nice thing to have in an older car, one that does not have an integrated infotainment system or is not compatible with Apple Car Play or Android Auto.  If you have either of those than you don't need this, particularly as it does not utilize the infotainment screen to show anything visual; the mapping software shows the directions on the phone screen. If they fix that and allow it to have a user interface on the touch screen, it would get utilized more I think.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device is small so can be placed anywhere in the car. Sound quality is depend on your car stereo system. What’s unfortunate is that the device often doesn’t automatically connect to my phone through Bluetooth so I have to spend time fixing the problem. There is also a much longer delay in responding which can be sometimes frustrating.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this at a reduced introductory rate if I would later review it.I have mixed feelings. When it works it is nice and sound quality through Bluetooth is fine.However it often had trouble connecting to my cellphone unless I have it out and close by. Even then it tells me sometimes no network or I need to wait and try again.Since it is going through cellular data I’m not sure why there would be a network problem as long as its Bluetooth is finding the phone.Haven’t used enough to see if it makes a big difference on data usage.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have around 6 Echo devices and use them all the time. My car is older so wanted to get a handsfree phone device to be legal with the handsfree law. Bought the Echo Auto device and a mount. Tried for 2 hours to get it to work with my newer iPhone 8. The Alexa setup screens have problems. most do not scroll and many have text displayed over other text including buttons you are supposed to click. I was able to get the device to work with my wife's iPhone 8 Plus with the larger screen but not on my basic iPhone 8 with the smaller screen. The app never let me select the new device when searching for it. I suspect it was hidden due to the screen problem. I ""worked"" with support for over an hour on line chat. I gave up after the chat switched to the 4th agent. Tip! If you are asked to try something you had better be really quick or that agent will drop and when you respond you start allover with another agent. From a software company I expect better. The hardware appeared to work fine, it is the software for setting it up. Also, it appears only 1 phone can use the device without reinstalling so if you want multiple people to use the 1 device in a car it will not work. Get a Bluetooth phone speaker instead."	1	April 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to get this and was sure it would be equally as cool as my Echo Plus in the house. First, I had a little trouble getting it connected. But, after about an hour I figured it out.  Not sure if that was just me missing something, or if the directions were lacking. My car is also equipped with Apple Car Play, so I think everything was getting confused when I had everything hooked up. I think it would have been better for a car that does not have car play. Also I hate the cords. I do have to say that I was happy that I didn’t need to use any adhesives, and the vent clip holds it surprisingly secure. I would get it working, which was great but then every time I turn the car off and get back in I would need it to pair it again. Luckily, I was given this from my auto insurance company because had I paid for it, I think I would have sent it back.	2	December 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do like this feature of the alexa line. Because of my phone service, alexa has difficulty connecting to my phone 🤯. Mostly it is nice to have when the grandkids want to play a certain song and they don’t need my phone to do so. Other times it’s nice to order my starbucks without having to pick up my phone or have the locating service on so the lights are on in the house when I get there. I do like being hands free without having to fumble with my phone.	3	February 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It improved my cars sound with hands free calling.  It thinks it’s not connected when it is connect half the time which is frustrating.  The routines don’t seem to work with it when I try to schedule reminders.  It’s hard to get it to stop when it’s on a roll with a flash briefing or music.  I’m hoping it gets smarter with future programming device updates.	3	September 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Just as others (many others) have mentioned, I purchased my Alexa Auto with high expectations, hoping for the same kind of experience we have with Echo Dots in the house.  NOT EVEN CLOSE.I spent hours, I mean HOURS, at least five different times to set this up.  Three months later it's finally hooked up - after several sessions with tech support - but it has to have both the USB and Auxiliary plugs to work, and I have to put my radio on Auxiliary in order to receive any sound.  (It's in a 2014 Hyundai Santa Fe.)  We have Sirius XM radio in this car and I use it for my music, not Amazon.One of the biggest annoyances is that this device is constantly running data on my phone - and it drains the battery as well.  Two months in a row I've been notified by my carrier that I've overused my data, and Alexa Auto is the only thing that's changed.  That's when I unplugged it and took it out of the car completely.  To top it all off, by the time I finally got it working, it had passed the return date.  *grr*As far as I'm concerned, they should've worked out more of the kinks on this before they put it up for sale.  It's a piece of junk and totally useless.  I'm definitely going to think twice before buying any other 'new items' for Alexa.	1	November 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sound is good.  Voice recognition is just ok.  But you end up picking up your phone 80% of the time anyway.  Ask for directions and you have t  ok unlock the phone and click a notification.  Doesn’t really save you time or effort. Just another gadget.  When it works though you can use it to do things in your home well like turn off lights or other Alexa stuff. But as far as for auto. Ehhh.  Maybe as Alexa progress this will be better as for right now. I probably would not buy this again.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As one of the reviewers stated, it is not ready for prime time. You need the Alexa app opened at all times. You need to go to the Aux source in your car radio. You need to crank up the volume to very loud just to hear a whisper in Alexa. And you need a very high, unlimited is preferred, data bandwidth in your phone plan to make use of all Alexa features. Remember that Echo Dot at home uses wifi but this one uses your phone's data plan. These requirements were not specified anywhere. You will just have to find these out when you are setting up the device.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am tired of trying to get this item to work properly. Nothing improves the sound quality - it sounds like a first generation echo dot, trapped in a cave. I wish I had installed it sooner, as I am now past the return deadline.Edit:  so After reading my review, Amazon reached out to me.  as it turned out, I was still within the timeline to return the item. Before I packaged it up, I reconfigured the audio ONE MORE TIME.  It is now working better around 90% of the time - The sound quality is much improved. My current frustration -  I Am often receiving a message about no network being available or not being near a network, So the unit does not work at that time. I don't know if that's indicative of The Echo Auto  or If It's because I live in a small City.	2	July 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Using a Note 8 with a Toyota Corolla.  The latency is pretty terrible. When time between dating the wake up word and the response you hear through the speakers is about 6 seconds.  I think the issue is that there is already a 3 second delay between the car and the phone, and when you add this device into the mix,  it's adding yet another 3 second.  You get used to it, but it doesn't really work the way I envisioned it.  I knew that there was going to be the 3 second delay,  but I hadn't anticipated the additional 3.  Sort of disappointing.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like I said , it nice when it works.  Constant trying to connect to my phone, sometimes it does, at least half the time it does not. I had a Iphone 10XR and wondered if it was was the problem so I got the new Iphone 13 Pro same issue. phone sits within 2 feet of device so distance can't be the issue.  It works, you stop the car pump gas get back in the car, it will not connect.  I've tried unplugging the USB in my late model Honda accord, I've rebooted the phone then maybe it will work then maybe it want.  I am really surprise Amazon sells this product because its definitely not ready for prime time.  My friend has the same issues with her new Accura.  My phone says at 4-5 bars locally so its not that and they are a major carrier.  Conclusion:  just use Sirrus or FM station.	1	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I drive a lot and I thought this would make life in the car easier and it has to a point with listening to music however everything else its just not quite what you would expect.  When I ask Alexa to call someone it takes forever and sometimes it just cancels out my request while it's thinking.  Also, the voice recognition part of Alexa is hit and miss.  If I ask her to tune to a radio station fine however if I try to use the device for a handsfree call FORGET IT ITS TERRIBLE!!!!  Also this morning I asked it to set an alarm and it says okay Bryan.  Then two seconds later it says ""Sorry I can't set an alarm"".  All around its just quirky and does not seem to be ready if you plan on using it as you would an Echo device at your house however if you want to use it as a glorified tuner then by all means go for it."	2	January 17, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	MECHANICALLY IT WORKS WELL BUT HOW WELL IT FUNCTIONS DEPENDS FIRST, ON YOUR SMARTPHONE, SECOND, ON YOUR VEHICLE ENTERTAINMENT CENTER AND MOST IMPORTANTLY UPON ALEXA. THE SMARTPHONE, A GALAXY 10, DOESN'T ALWAYS CONNECT BUT THE MAIN PROBLEM IS THAT THE SMARTPHONE DOES NOT PLAY LOUD ENOUGH. THE USER HAS TO EITHER MANUALLY ADJUST THE SOUND VOLUME OF THE PHONE OR ASK ALEXA TO INCREASE THE PHONE VOLUME. OTHERWISE  THE ENTERTAINMENT CENTER TELLS THE USER THE MUSIC IS MUTED.  WHEN ALEXA, THE PHONE AND THE ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM ALL GET TOGETHER, IT IS SUPERB. BUT OFTEN ALEXA IS JUST PLAIN DUMB. WHEN ALEXA IS WORKING, IT IS GREAT BUT WHEN IT ISN'T, WHICH IS MOST OF THE TIME, IT STINKS. IT IS ABSOLUTELY FRUSTRATING. SUPPOSEDLY, IT IS USING AI BUT IF SO, ALEXA'S IQ IS ABOUT 10 ON A SCALE 1 TO 220. ALEXA CANNOT UNDERSTAND MOST COMMANDS. IT IS PROGRAMMED FOR A LIMITED NUMBER OF COMMANDS AND GIVEN THOSE COMMANDS IT IS GREAT. BUT GIVE IT A COMMAND THAT IT IS NOT PROGRAMMED FOR AND SHE EITHER MISINTERPRETS THE COMMAND OR JUST DOESN'T UNDERSTAND IT.BUT THEN EVEN WHEN ALEXA IS WORKING, IT SOMETIMES WILL NOT PLAY AN ENTIRE PLAYLIST, STOPPING IN THE MIDDLE AND THEN RESTARTING AT THE BEGINNING.GIVEN ALL THE PROBLEMS WITH THE ALEXA APP ON THE SMARTPHONE,  THE SMARTPHONE, AND ALEXA, THE ALEXA AUTO IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY. THE PROBLEM IS NOT WITH ALEXA AUTO, IT IS MAINLY WITH WHAT IT HAS TO WORK WITH.	1	November 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I originally bought this because my brother had one and raved all about it. However, when I installed it to my car — it was nothing I expected. It has to connect to my phone to connect to Bluetooth — the original reason of me getting it was so that my phone doesn’t have to connect to the smart Bluetooth as I don’t need it to connect my calls and texts.It doesn’t have much command besides playing music. Unfortunately not a fan of the auto - wish they would expand it more on functionality.	2	October 19, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love the thing, especially since I can now just tell it to open my garage and add things to list and make reminders... But man why can't you have it use its internal speaker? I use my satellite radio as well as a USB stick for music and sucks that I can't hear what Alexa is saying when I'm listening to these. It has to send out volume to the Bluetooth even though it has speakers (even if weak). Seems Like an easy software fix but I would love it. At least then I Dont have to just hope she heard me well..	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does what it promised but I am not sure it does much more than just using my alexia app on my phone.  I wish I had done a bit more research before making the purchase.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had to re-set up my Echo Auto multiple times. It does not automatically reconnect when you get in the vehicle a second time. It also does not seem to work if my wife and I are in the car at the same time. Ready to say the heck with it and remove it.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I didn’t think I have to switch to Bluetooth in my car every time I want to play the Alexa in my vehicle. I thought it would be automatic to some thru the speakers. Other than that I love it.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is not really a standalone Echo device.  It’s basically a wireless microphone for the Alexa app running on your phone.  On the iPhone, apps can’t run in the background indefinitely.  They’ll get kick out of memory of other apps are run in the foreground.  It’s inconvenient to have to bring up the Alexa app on the phone and connect it to the Echo Auto if you’ve been out of the car for any length of time.  The average consumer won’t put up with that.  The Auto Echo needs to be a real Echo device that only uses the phone for internet connectivity.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"not enough instruction on how to use!  i had to figure trial and error.  she worked sometimes and didn't others. blue light on but no response.  if you use car radio, she doesn't work. if you switch from car radio to alexa, you need to go to ""multimedia"" ( this is a BMW)> your iPhone.  when you turn the car radio on or restart the car, you have to go back to multimedia.  I honestly hate devices that dont explain how to use and make you figure it out yourself.  If anyone has a better method , please let me know."	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would have given it a 4 or 5 but it suddenly doesn't connect to my phone and the alexa app can't find device. It works well if you aren't going through a dead zone. I never got it to make a phone call. Never had time to figure it out. Right now it's on my kitchen counter while I try to figure out why it can't connect. Maybe this needs an upgrade. Great concept and useful as I can tell it to turn my lights on at home before I drive up. But it needs to be more reliable.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The cord to connect to my car’s USB port is way too short. The cord is pulled so tight and is in the way of the driver reaching the dashboard or my cup holder. I have tried positioning the device on various vents all with the same results. It takes a while to connect to Bluetooth. I don’t even bother using it on short trips because by the time it connects I am already at my destination. The device has a hard time hearing passengers in the back seat even though they are speaking loudly.  I like the ability to drop in on home.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping this product would make it so that I could use bluetooth in my old car that only has a CD player, but it constantly cuts out and the sound quality while talking on the phone isn’t great from either side of the conversation. Plus, the wires just make my car look messy. I wouldn’t recommend.	2	February 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What you really want this device to do is to be able to handle audio over your car's phone system (at least optionally so) so that you don't have to leave your input source set to bluetooth (meaning basically just the the echo)..  As an example the way your phone works with your car.  You can be listening to satellite radio, regular radio and the phone will break in as a phone call when it needs to.  WIth the echo you have to leave your audio source on bluetooth meaning you can't listen to anything other than what echo produces.	3	November 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love the feature and option in my car, the handsfree options are great. The texting feature is often annoying because it repeats things too much. Often times it asks ""what's the message"" then I say the message and it includes the word ""message"" in the beginning of my message. Occasionally it will ask ""did you mean Mickey Mouse"" and when I say yes it will respond ""I don't see a Mickey Mouse"" in your contacts, so there are definitely some bugs to be worked out but overall I love it for controlling my audio books, music/pandora, getting driving directions verbally, texting, etc."	3	November 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It appears as if many reviews are already capturing the problems with this device, but I am going to keep my list as succinct and to the point as possible.1. Connecting to this via Bluetooth worked great for me when I first followed the steps, but each time I left the car and came back it wouldn't connect again... until of course I was not even in my car and somehow it would connect to my car in the garage.2. You can reconnect to this, but once you are going in the car it isn't worth fiddling with as you should just be driving.3. The cords going all over the front of the car were not pleasant. I could have taken more time to stick them and run them, but they constantly got in the way.4. Having my phone and my wife's phone trying to connect to it was a real problem. I hated that it would almost just pick one of our phones at random and I couldn't control things sometimes. It wasn't just an easy picked pairing.Those are the main big problems with this product. This is the worst of the Alexa line. I wouldn't recommend it in it's current state. I did some longer road trips with it and it was frustrating to have it work, then stop for gas and stop working, and then take time to fix it again, and then have it disconnect after the next stop.Pass on this product.	1	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received this item through my insurance company Nationwide for free. After I received it I went to install this item in my vehicle, 2014 Subaru Outback. And by the way I had to purchase another smart phone because my original Samsung Galaxy J3 Orbit did not support the Alexa app that you had to download to use this device. Getting it to pair with Bluetooth and the phone was unbelievably difficult but I persevered my way through it. It only took several days. After finally getting everything to work properly I did a data usage test to see what it was going to cost me to operate. To play approximately one hour of music, it consumed 230 MB which is almost 1/4 GB. I pay $10.00 for 1 GB of data  with my carrier. At $3.99 per month for amazon music plus $10.00 for 1 GB of data it would cost $14.00 per month for four hours of music. I get Sirius at a much better price with their promo plans.	2	January 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to have this in my car.  But for some reason the sound has to be up high to work, but when you go back to the regular stereo, it is blaring!  Works too well with your phone.  If left plugged in, calls will go to your car when you are actually inside the house.  This happens when the car is in driveway or in the garage and I was several rooms away.  Too many cords.  One would think we have a way to have a wireless solution.  Concept is great.  Love being able to add to my shopping list or to do list.....lots of thinking time in the car.  Love being able to ask Alexa things to remain hands free.  Fun to play music too....but with all the cords, I'm still confused if it plays from bluetooth or the audio cord cuz it has a different mind of it's own every day.	2	March 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a huge smart tech lover. I have a few Echo devices and a like them a lot. This one I did not. The device would work for only the first hour and then would never reconnect. I tried updating after a service call and nothing. If you have an older BUY THIS. You will get Bluetooth coverage for your car for a low cost. If you have a new car, like me, it just doesn’t work as you need to change the source to Bluetooth on your car and thus you lose everything else that you could be doing such as the radio or Sirius XM.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Convenient.Alexa is annoyingly clueless most of the time and always reverts to Wikipedia when ‘researching’.Useful when you want word definitions, want to make to-do’s, reminders, and appointments, listen to podcasts (can’t fast-forward or rewind) or listen to music or a music list.Put the magnet within the device instead of the accessory stand. An assortment of colors would be good so this matches to interior car color. Internal battery would be nice so it doesn’t immediately shut off when unplugged because the USB port is needed to charge phone.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea of Alexa Auto but in practice there are too many bugs to make it a hands free, easy experience. I like that you can use it to turn on the lights when you get home, play music, etc.However, I have to manually connect it to the Alexa app on my phone every single time. It doesn’t ever automatically connect so when I want to use it, there are a bunch of steps I have to do and it’s just not worth it most of the time.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car doesn't have the right connectivity so the alexa comes through my phone.  Kinda feel like what's the point.  Will keep it in case my next vehicle is more up to date with technology!	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really enjoy the fact that I can take Alexa in the car with me. I drive a lot lately and on those late-night drives when there is nobody human awake to talk to, I can play a game of trivia or song quiz to keep me awake! The auto version doesn't hear as well as the echo dots or fire tv cubes we have in the house, but given the car noises to compete with that was one of the problems I expected. One thing I wish was a device I can pop it into that plugs right into the cigarette lighter, nobody likes seeing wires all over the place!	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It always loses connection because I don’t run my Alexa app all the time.  Not sure why this is a requirement. I really wanted this to be as amazing and helpful as my home Alexa but it just isn’t there yet.  Also wish it would charge so I wouldn’t have to have thst cord hanging all the time.  Vent clip is way too big- blocks all the air and when it’s 90 outside I need all the air I can get.  Hopeful they can work out the bugs- but for now I don’t even bother.  I got this product at a discount for an honest review.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is definitely a good addition to your car. I have a lot of Alexa enabled devices at home hence, I can say that there are certain issues with this product:1. Bluetooth connectivity would be the primary issue. It does not work always as expected. Sometimes the car audio works sometimes Alexa works, sometimes both. Need to fix this.2. Make it cordless - directly connect the device to the USB port or the charging port instead of a big cord.3. Driving in a car is more noisy than home, Alexa many times does not listen or fails to understand basic commands. Listening recognition should be improved drastically.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The idea of this device is good in theory, when it works correctly it’s awesome.  Mine constantly loses the connection to my iPhone and ever since the update to iOS 13, it’s had major problems.  These problems have been all over discussion boards, it seems to be pretty common.  It works sometimes, but most of the time it doesn’t recognize your wake up call.  Hopefully this is something that can be fixed in the future.  I’m sure it can.  That being said—when it works, it’s great!  It’s super cool to be able to just call out any song, podcast, etc and have it play.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Loses connection to internet a lot. Doesn't play the music I ask it to. Throws Amazon music stations at me. I don't want any music stations. I went into the app and blocked explicit lyrics and language and still get it. I would LOVE to be able to block music stations. You can't delete crap it decided you should hear from the playlist. I DON'T WANT TO HEAR THE 3 BILLY GOATS GRUFF! I want to hear pink floyd and queen!	3	May 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My household of 6 Echo's so we use them every. single. day. We all use Alexa for the time, to communicate with each other from room to room, and for music. My daughter uses hers daily as an alarm.I'd been on the waiting list for Echo Auto for MONTHS and was very excited when Amazon reached out to me to let me know that I could purchase it. I completed my purchase within minutes of receiving my email.I received my Echo Auto and hooked it up the very next morning. I have a car with Bluetooth capabilities, but Echo Auto would not hook up to it easily. I was eager to use it, so I hooked it up to the Auxillary input instead. It worked better this way, but I hate using auxiliary when I have Bluetooth. I decided to give it a try, and hook it up to Bluetooth again. I had problems, but it connected. Once connected, I had to speak LOUDLY for it to hear me. When music was on, I practically had to yell for it to pick up my voice. I was able to drop into my Echo device at home, but I really do think that was the only positive thing for me. My daughter, 8, who is a huge fan of all things Alexa, was very pumped about getting this device but was disappointed with it as well.The power cord hanging there looks stupid.Hopefully, they release a better-improved device for the car.	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I had it mounted as the instructions stated. The device actually cracked where it snaps together to hide the inside chips (brain).  It does have to be plugged into your power outlet in order for the device to turn on. I didn’t like this part because mine came with 2 but I only have 1 power outlet and that mean either me or my guess get to charger. Most of the time I  just don’t use it because of that. It makes no since to plug and unplug. I sometimes forget to plug it when riding alone. As far as Alexa and voice recognition both work fine. Bluetooth work fine. The device is self is made cheap in my opinion.	2	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to get this item. Unfortunately I find it wasteful.  The Alexa auto is bulky and you need to run a power cord to it. It tends to oose connection in my truck a 2015 ram 1500.  I have also The device doesn't really make alot of sense. You could just use the voice command on your alexa app, and do not need the extra device.  The mount it comes with does not work well either. It falls from the magnet constantly, and its such a bulky mount and device. I would just save the money and use your app with voice control.	3	October 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love have this in the car. The problem is when you leave the car. The Alexa app constantly alerts. If I listen to music whatever I listened to last will open back up as a push notification. I close it and it shows back up a few minutes later. It's very frustrating and read that it seems to only impact android devices.	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Don’t care who’s selling it or what wording is used. It’s not the “Alexa” you are used to inside the home. (A). My situation, it will not pair with Mercedes Benz G series. (There is a list of comparable vehicles). (B). If you request a command, such as directions, it will not continue until you “Accept” the command via a text message. Which negates the hands-free concept.Personally, not worth fumbling around with the text and phone. Much easier to simply ask “Hey Siri” find directions to xxx.	1	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Setup took a few tries.  Used mainly to play music from Prime or start Pandora.  Navigation didn't seem to work for me.  Asked it to open Waze for me and it told me I need to install another app to make that happen.  Use to send some texts without touching phone, but had mixed results.  One text said sent but there was no trace that it did or ever existed so not sure what happened there.  Not sure why the App on my phone can't just have a mode that does this all and I don't need this extra hardware.	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Echo Dots but Echo Auto falls short. Mostly because sound quality is not great. Also, Alexa has slower comprehension and response time in the car. And I had to upgrade my Amazon music subscription in order to access unlimited library on more than one device. Overall, I appreciate it for my long commute but it's not without frustration.	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have quite a few Alexa products in my home and was very interested to get the Auto. I have a bluetooth enabled audio system in my car but I'm am finding it rather difficult to utilize the Auto as my car uses the SYNC function. My phone connects automatically so there is a battle for bluetooth dominance BUT the AUTO needs the Alexa app on the phone open to even work. That is the most frustrating part, is that the AUTO is not its own independent device, it NEEDS the app ope. I got the AUTO so I wouldn't have to bother with my phone at all, I could just talk and Music, Weather, Traffic, Smart Home functions would work (nothing but music works), completely hands free. Not the case.  Very disappointed. I have tried messing around with the bluetooth connectivity so the Auto works a bit more smoothly but its just very difficult and the instructions that came with the AUTO make it seem so simple. Nope. Inexpensive item but I'd rather just use my phone's bluetooth to do the things I want.	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Maybe just me but it stays hooked to my phone after i shut vehicle off and go in house if i dont unplug it from the power before i get out of car----verrrry frustrating!!!! And then if i have it playing music----it keeeeeeps talking about that last song on my phone forever!!!!	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The amount of cords is crazy, like length and such and if you have to use both you definitely can't wrap it up in the holder. Mine also consistently freezes or cuts out. Plus sending a link of my voice instead of just text is weird. Overall decent and inexpensive way to be hands free but just so much clutter.	3	November 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like the Echo auto when it functions, but it has trouble connecting at the start of a trip. About half the time, I have to pull over and 'open the Alexa app' by hand on my phone to get the Echo Auto to hook into my phone. This is annoying. The Echo Auto takes 2-3 blocks to turn itself on and realize it isn't connected. This is a bit too long to sit idling in my garage.On those occasions when the Echo Auto connects without help, it's great. The response time is a bit slow when I ask it to play a particular artist, but it eventually manages to start playing music. I think the device is better for longer trips. On short, city trips you'll spend a lot of time waiting for it to connect or restarting the app to make it work.The Echo auto did a great job of turning on my smart lights from the car as I approached home, which was nifty.	2	January 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing is frustration in a box.  I was not able to get it to pair with my phone at all.	1	November 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While the Echo Auto is a amazing device it doesn't always work. It relies on your smart phones connectivity to the network to work, which makes sense since it's an internet-enabled device.However, if you have a poor service connection Dont even bother using it. I found it difficult to recognize my voice most times. And you have to keep your car stereo on blue tooth or aux while using it.Sometimes I will use the wake word to initiate a command and the device will not wake up or prompt further response.Hopefully the next generation of Echo Auto is better and more reliable.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The appeal of having Alexa integrated into a vehicle does sound quite amazing. The execution of this product's abilities falls quite short though. It doesn't seem to recognize my voice nearly as well as other Alexa products. It almost never answers any basic questions I ask it. In addition, it causes bluetooth errors that I've never experienced before with my vehicle (2017 Audi S3); whenever my phone connects to the Echo Auto, it causes my music to consistently skip every 7 seconds or so, and will continue until I turn off my bluetooth and then turn it back on to reconnect. Although this then corrects the issue, it is irritating that every time I turn on my vehicle, I have to connect, turn off my bluetooth, turn it back on, and then reconnect, just to get my music to stream without any skipping issues. This is definitely the worst Amazon Echo product I have ever purchased, and would not recommend purchasing it until they come out with a 2nd gen version, or are able to push an update to fix the current version.	2	November 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sound quality is exceptional, if your vehicle has a decent stock stereo, this product will increase the sound experience to the next level.  I will be installing a ground loop noise isolator with hopes of a truly intense hd music extravaganza.  The cords in the Auto Echo kinda suck, as the aux cord provided isn't long enough to reach from the input to the vent, an additional purchase for a longer cable was necessary... Oh, after you setup your device, try leaving your garage and park down the block, and then connect and see spectacular spectacular. I'll give ya that.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I never did get an invite when they were offering that. even though they said everyone would get the offer.  My wife got one for me for Christmas. It works ok. But it seems a little impaired.  It can't make phone calls or send text messages, and you can't get it to change profiles. It's basically a glorified bluetooth device for vehicles that don't have that option. It can do some of the things a normal alexa device can do. But not much really. It does work well for playing audio books and spotify.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My wife purchased this because Amazon did a great job with marketing via the app. Great concept but other than the fact that you can speak a command it's the same as connecting your phone via Bluetooth.Really don't like the fact that alexa constantly speaks over any music that's playing.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love all things Alexa and could not wait to get this.  I’m slightly disappointed.  She will ignore me a lot. She can be slow to respond and often says she lost her connection.  She also cant do a lot yet.  I think she needs more work to be useful in my car.  I also can’t wait till they allow you to change her wake up word.  She is echo in the house but Alexa in the car and I can’t keep it straight.  I feel like my mother calling out every kids name before she got the right one.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works almost as good as your Alexa does in your home as in sometimes it understands what you are asking and sometimes it does not. It does have a hard time with background noise such as road noise however if you talk loud that seems to help. Bluetooth connection can be tricky depending on the device, however I did get it to work in 3 different vehicles though the car stereo. It’s nice to have a completely hands free device to ask information or directions without having to touch a button or swipe a screen. Although it can be finicky, I like it for the most part.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great to have Alexa close by but the delay in waiting for the auto version to be ready to listen after the wake word is frustrating.  I also had a difficult time finding a good place for it in the car as it did not attach well for me.  I used it in the office which was great because there is no accessible wifi and it automatically connects to my phone and will play music on my phone speaker without having to touch the phone. I am looking forward to the next iteration of this but will keep using it in the interim.	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product did not add much to my driving experience.  It could not access my music on my phone.  Could not control radio.  It could only stream Amazon music thru my phone.  I suppose Alexa could have turned on lights and other Alexa devices but I can do that from Alexa app on my phone.  I had a problem with the mounting system.  It did not work well in my car.  The usb wire and the audio connection to car radio were unsightly.  Auto Alexa has been confined to my desk drawer after a short trial.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s kind of redundant. I feel like my phone does the same thing. But great for older cars that may not have bt technology.	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's smaller than I thought it would be, but that's okay.  If it were a little bigger I think it might sit better.  It wasn't as easy to set up with my vehicle, but tech services got me hooked up.When it works, it's good, not great.  The worst part is that my phone loses internet connection in valleys, etc and that affects the Echo.Lastly, I also use an earbud for my phone.  Having both it and the Echo Blutoothed at the same time sometimes causes problems.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is not robust enough for prime time. If your willing to put up with a fair amount of intervention to make it work it is good. I just get sick of having to do all these manual interventions to make it work. Great idea just comes up short on robustness.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Look at it here. the product does not come with speakers for vehicle use so you need to plug it up. The product has to sync with your phone. the product is the same alexa you have on your phone but more microphones. ain't worth 60 bucks but if you find a deal for 20 then yeah you should get it.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You cannot use Alexa while you are listening to the radio, if have your phone connected by Bluetooth.You have to go to the Bluetooth screen WHILE YOU ARE DRIVING and switch devices from your phone to Alexa, which also turns off your radio. Then you ask Alexa your Question and get its Answer, and you then have to repeat all this WHILE YOU ARE DRIVING, so your phone gets reconnected to the car's Bluetooth.I pictured having my phone connected to the car, listening to the radio, and asking Alexa a Question (what's the weather tomorrow?), and hearing her Answer without having to press any buttons or take my attention off driving. The way it's set up is dangerous. Whether or not you disconnect your phone from Bluetooth for the whole drive before you leave the driveway, if you listen to the radio, you still have to change the input to Bluetooth first in order to use Alexa. While you are driving.Since I need my phone connected and cannot be navigating multiple screens to switch to another device while driving, just to ask Alexa a Question, I have to return this device.Such a fail.	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this during the before Christmas sale thinking it would be nice to get alternative routes to work hands free when there’s an accident on the freeway. Unfortunately the voice recognition of Alexa for navigation doesn’t work (location is on for the Alexa app), I’ve tried to get directions from Alexa to multiple locations and it always tells me that it’s not able to do that. And if the device in your car loses connection to your phone it’s not able to reconnect on its own, you have to stop driving, open the app, and reconnect the devices.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For the most part, the echo auto work very well. I like being able to voice control spotify and get information safely without glancing away from the road. I rated lower on alexa integration because it does not fully integrate with my phone as it should. It will not make calls from my phone. Most of the time, there is no response. Once it attempted to use my google voice number,  not my phone number,  it never connected the call anyway. Also, echo is limited to 1 language, and not bilingual as it should be or as other products are.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would reiterate several other comments reguarding  this product. If you have a newer car with Apple or android car feature integrated into your smart phone then this product will not add any real features. But if your car doesn’t have Apple or android car play then this would be well worth the money	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was a waste of money. To use it at anytime you have to switch your radio to Aux in or if using Bluetooth you have to turn your radio to bluetooth in. So if your like me and use Sat Radio it's a pain in the butt to change the media back and forth.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited about this product. it doesn't stay where you put it. The stickies don't stick. Only one user can use it. i thought both me and my husband could use when we were driving but that's not the case. I can do most of the things I asked it to do on my phone. I have other alexa products in my home so I thought it would be able to work them. i wish I was able to have more then 1 person able to use it. I didn't go much further with it because of that.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of this, but it is a bit finicky. I had to spend about an hour on the phone to get it set up. The process should be easy, but it required me to delete the Alexa App from my phone, and then download it again, as part of the process. If I make a phone call, everything is fine. But, if somebody calls me, I can hear them, but they can’t hear me. Also, I have to go through the process of renewing the Alexa App every time I restart the car. I’m glad I have it, but it has a ways to go!	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First- why I’m keeping it- it automatically connects to my phone without a bunch of button pushes. This is worth it alone, since I don’t have Bluetooth in my car. I’d like it more if I could play music directly from my Apple Music playlists using voice commands. It’s also challenging to browse podcasts. If I know the name of a podcast it will play me the most recent episode. There may be an easier way to do this- but it hasn’t been intuitive so far. It’s easier to just navigate by looking at my phone.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	At least 50% of the time, it looses connection and you have to open the app to reconnect. This is clearly inconvenient while driving.  While it plays and connects via bluetooth, you still have to plug it in for power which means you have a long cord going from your charger to the vent stand.  Since it uses your phone data anyway, I'm not sure there's much advantage to this then just talking to the Alexa app on your phone.  I haven't compared that app head to head for voice recognition but suspect it's pretty similar. Not really worth it.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	On the surface, Echo Auto is a great idea. The ability to integrate your Amazon Music, Alexa capabilities, and information management from your car is remarkable. So what is my gripe?  I have a 2011 Hyundai and currently use a Samsung Galaxy 7 (albeit with extensive security). Every time, I leave the car, the system does not reconnect upon re-entering. I have to unplug the device from the car, restart alexa, and reconnect the device. The car bluetooth system does not recognize the Echo Auto so I have to use the auxiliary input yet the car says that bluetooth integration is available. I have tried enabling streaming from the phone to no avail. Geez, I even looked at the car owners manual!The Echo Auto sound is only as good as your car system and I think it is pretty good. The voice recognition is about as good as alexa devices.If I can bet better at the alexa commands and operational aspects of the Echo Auto, who knows, I may cancel my subscription to Sirius	2	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car radio is so old that it doesn't have bluetooth or even a 3.5 speaker out hole.Im gonna need a new car audio and navigation setup before I can use this.If it can use a cassettape adapter,you can hear but you can't talk to it.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is a fun new toy that I got for free from my insurance company.  I’m really not sure that it does anything useful that I could not already do hands-free with my BMW and my iPhone.I could not get it working so I had to enlist help at the dealer to get this device and my iPhone and the car all working together.	3	September 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m having difficulty connecting with Alexa content. I’ve connected in my 2008 vehicle via a blue tooth plug in device. The blue line is going back & forth on the Echo Auto device and my Alexa app is set to auto mode, but cannot get any Alexa response. Alexa app is paired with my iPhone.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sound quality, voice recognition, and integration is excellent. But only 2 stars because of major shortcoming. The device cannot be turned off unless unplugged or Bluetooth on phone turned off. This is not acceptable. The ability to power off device should be integrated. The vehicle unit is placed only has 12 volt always on sockets. Constantly unplugging device will prematurely wear out the USB socket. Turning off Bluetooth disables ability to use other devices in home. The Bluetooth range on this device is incredible. We have 2 story home and the device remains connected (if not unplugged). Even though we love the integration in the vehicle the simple fact the unit cannot be powered down will result in us returning the device.We spoke to Alexa device customer service. They are receiving constant complaints on this same issue. We have a return window and will give this time for a possible firmware fix. Tech said this issue has absolutely been escalated to engineers. Once fixed I have no issue changing the overall rating. But if not fixed will unfortunately need to return the device.	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to love this. I jumped to request an invite and was so happy when it showed up in my email that I quickly processed an order without delay.Fast forward to a couple weeks of use... I am not happy at all.  She loses connection often (I have wifi and bluetooth in my 2015 vehicle and I'm using a Note 8)  it seems that the app on my phone must get ""tangled"" or confused by other apps using my stereo system and I will often have to unplug my Alexa and restart my phone to get them back in sync. I can't figure out what's causing it. But, when I use my car to make a phone call (pushing buttons on steering wheel) and then later ask Alexa to call someone, she just flashes and then nothing untill I restart everything again. Often while driving she'll just say that she lost connection. Because of how confident she loses connection, I don't feel confident enough to trust her for navigation purposes.  And I absolutely hate the cord. I knew it had to be powered some way, but I just don't like it. Mount doesn't fit well for my vehicle but I'm sure that can be easily fixed once alternate mount ts start being sold.There are so many problems that I don't feel like taking the time to type. I'm just glad I only paid 24 bucks for it instead of regular price."	1	October 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	System had a hard time staying connected to my phone for a day or two.  Almost ready to return it.  Secondly, sometimes it doesn't respond to a simple command, and it doesn't give you an error.  It just times out without responding at all.  Other times it takes 15-20 seconds for it to respond back with the action you requested.I wouldn't buy this at full price.  My daughter has the Google device in her car.  It's more reliable and has a better response time.	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works great... when it works. Very finicky connectivity.  Car, phone, device all need to be ready fir this to be seem less, and since the phone and car are not Amazon controlled, it’s just too many variables to make operation seamless and smooth all the time, every time.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product works well, I just don’t think I have a need for it in the car because of cell phones do the same thing, and I have Sirius Xm radio in my car.	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have over 20+ years of IT experience, especially working with hardware of all kinds. Testing, installing, configuring, troubleshooting. I never had more problems setting up than the Alexa Auto. It has difficulty connecting to your iPhone Bluetooth. It takes multiple factory resets of the Alexa Auto device to get it to properly connect. I was connecting to an iPhone 6. After the Alexa Auto finally connected to my iPhone's Bluetooth, everything seemed to be working fine, until I turned off my car and returned to use it the next day.  No matter what command I asked of Alexa, it kept responding, ""Having difficulty connecting to your phone"". And then I did the entire reset, and then factory reset and forget the Bluetooth connection and re-initiate it again. It works, but only for that moment. As soon as I turn off the car and the Alexa Auto is no longer powered on, when I return to the device, it can no longer connect to my iPhone and I have start all over again to remove the connection, factory reset the device and so forth. I really wanted this to work and I spent hours surfing knowledge articles from Amazon, as well as visiting various forums and YouTube videos for advice, tips, tricks and troubleshooting help. I just couldn't get Alex Auto to maintain a stable connection, no matter what I tried. I hope this review helps other's avoid the time, effort and aggravation I had to spend."	1	January 21, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I guess my expectations of this device is what I have come to love and enjoy out of the Echo Dots, and Echo shows.  This device is cool in concept, but lacks a little in actual real world usability.  The device connects when it wants, and has issues when I am in and out of the vehicle.  I bought one for my mom and she has not been able to get it to work properly.  Grant it she is not tech savvy, but again these devices should not take a Network Engineer to operate.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Initially, I wanted to return it for three reasons. 1. Alexa often misunderstands me and plays the wrong song. 2. Alexa delays and/or times out while I'm speaking. 3. Alexa doesn't hear from the back seat of my SUV. My daughter has to tell at the top of her lungs. But I decided to keep it because of the hands free convenience of texting, adding to my grocery/to-do list, and getting driving directions. Also, the sound quality is perfect and I was able to set it up quite easily. Overall, I'm pleased with the product.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping that it worked like my home Echo.It does do voice commands but just isn't working like I had hoped. I have to use the wires that came with it so I have 2 wires dangling down.  If you lose phone signals then the thing doesn't work.The price was ok for what it is.	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I initially bought this, I was hoping it was going to work with my AUX in, but it doesn't work properly unless I'm connected to bluetooth.  When the unit does recognize what I'm saying, it connects to Alexa very nicely.  However, the mics aren't tuned up properly and it is often difficult for the unit to recognize what I'm saying.  Also, anytime the audio mentions Alexa through the speakers, the unit stops and expects instructions.  I expect they'll fix these issues down the road, but right now it doesn't quite work as it should.	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, this thing is great. It’s hands free for my music. The problem is it disconnects from the Bluetooth every single time I drive. I cannot figure out why. Which then makes this dangerous to use because you have to mess with trying to get it connected again…which defeats the purpose of being hands free.	2	February 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's ok.  Dont expect this to work like the echo dot or the other indoor devices.  When I say Alexa, there is a delay in her voice coming from the speakers so she will respond and I may catch the tail end of her talking or not at all.  This is on the first question after I turn on the car.It is simple to set up and use but can be problematic.	3	June 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Weak signal	2	June 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got this as a gift and I’m having trouble figuring out what to use it for. When you ask for directions it just opens your navigation App. If you don’t have unlimited music you have limited options for music. It does hear your voice very clearly even through loud music.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto works off the Alexa app on your phone, if you have a data plan.Your radio must be turned on in order for this to work, otherwise it can't connect to your Bluetooth, and won't talk through your speakers.Siri is better: radio can be turned off and it will still come through via Bluetooth. I have my iPhone in my pocket and it hears me just fine, comes through the radio speakers. The Waze app does the same thing; talks through the radio speakers while the radio is off.Echo Auto does what it says, it just doesn't say everything.	2	August 17, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Why can't I just plug my phone into my car's auxiliary port or USB port and use the Alexa app?Why is this even necessary?Going to send it back because I know for a fact this can all be done without this piece of hardware.Amazon just wants to sell you more crap. We need to demand an app that allows integration with the car stereo system. It's that simple!	2	December 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of having Alexa along for my road trips, but I'm not overly impressed with the function or features. Biggest issues are: lack of connection to phone--about 1/2 the time I try to use it, it says it's lost connection to my phone; ability to play podcasts is somewhat limited--you can't voice-control the playback speed and you can't direct her to play a specific episode (other than most recent); and she can't give you commute information unless you allow Alexa access to your location services all the time (which eats up battery).	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It has been very difficult using this. When it works, it’s amazing! But, it was very difficult to set up, and now it only connects maybe every other day. I don’t have the time to constantly troubleshoot the problems it has, wish it was better!	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My older model car does not have Bluetooth, so this allowed me to use Alexa without having to constantly fumble cords. Voice recognition is good and it sounds great. The only negative is that it powers from the cigarette lighter and stays powered long after I turn the car off. I’m worried this will drain the battery so I have to remember to plug and unplug the device everytime I get use it.	3	July 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is cool but has a major flaw.  It won’t play the music that’s on your phone.  It will only play a streaming service.I don’t have unlimited data - so I would be using up data listening to streaming services.Also, if you don’t have your input set to Bluetooth, and you are listening to FM radio, now it doesn’t work.So you have to be on Bluetooth in your car.It’s good.  Not great.  I’m glad I got it. It’s nice to be able to tell Alexa to turn on the lights when I’m almost home.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought this for my car so I could remove the current system that I had in their out, wound up taking it back out because I could not change the name from Alexa to computer, I am a star trek fan and all my echo dots and everything else Alexa that I have is all computer plus it takes a long time to recognize and play my list I will not going back to my old system	3	June 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have BT hearing aids, you will likely have issues with connectivity as your phone, Alexa, your car and your hearing aids all get into a wonky dance over who's going to take the lead.  It's a bit of a frustration, but once you get that navigated, it's an OK device.  Much like the home device, Alexa in the car also has selective hearing (ha!). So far, the only advantage I've found is getting lights on/off in the home and playing music in my car.  Not really sure she's as useful for me in the car as she is in the home (that's entirely subjective).	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device works well once it is connected, but that took 3 tries to get it to work. Also, like the Alexa devices in the home, it does not work if it is not plugged in. For an auto device this is extremely annoying. It should be wireless so that the cord does not get in the way. I spend a lot of time in my car and I have other WIRELESS devices that need to be charged periodically while i am driving. If the Echo has to stay plugged in in order to use it, then it is basically useless to me.	3	October 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Too long to connect when I first get in the car. I had to repeat my instructions several times before she would answer . The GPS integration is horrible, useless. I have an older radio in my car with no Bluetooth , so cable management was an issue... too messy. I found that since I listen to my music in my car rather loudly , I had to scream to get Alexa to respond. I just find it easier to turn a volume knob or hit a track button on my radio than the hassles that exist with the Alexa car unit. Not ready for prime time!	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device had a lot of cords and I constantly had to set it up over and over again. Alexa voice recognition did not work at all. My phone would disconnect and it would not work. I do not like this. I would rather just use my aux cord.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have the device connected to my iPhone 8+ via bluetooth to my 2019 Kia Niro EV.  I often have to call it two or three times before it will have voice response.  typically I just see the blue lights come on and hear a chime, but there is no voice response until I ask two or three times.  Another thing I wish to have is to change its name to Echo instead of Alexa because I am used to calling Echo to all the other devices in my home.  But this device would not allow you to change the name.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been using the Echo Auto for about a month now. When connected it works well.Connecting to bluetooth is hit and miss. The Alexa App must be open  and there are timesit just wont connect without opening and closing the Alexa App or unplugging and plugingthe power adapter a few times. Obliviously not something you want to do if you have alreadystarted driving. I'm still working on where to finally place it in my car minimizing the cords fromview. Calls are clear on both ends, Alexa responds well. overall I would give it 3 1/2 stars.	3	November 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do love being able to control my lights and other functions at home from my car (setting the thermostat, turning on the lights, etc) and I love the convenience of being able to listen to my regular news briefing and favorite music in the car all with a voice command, but sometimes connecting is a pain. It doesnt always make an easy connection because it all depends on mobile data coverage at the time it connects. And then it may have difficulties if you move before it connects.I love it, but sometimes it can be finicky.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto works well some of the time.  But it's not very useful in rural areas.  Any loss of cell data signal incapacitates Echo Auto completely.  It becomes useless.  I understand it's dependent upon the back end servers for voice recognition but if I ask it to play music that's been downloaded to my phone, it should be able to continue playing the playlist even when the internet connection breaks.  The alternative I'm left with is to use the Amazon Music App to play the playlist from my phone.  But that's not hands free and it's dangerous to do while driving.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"What I like: Alexa and Apple play really well together for music purposes. Dislike: I tested out an Echo dot and input before I was granted an ""invite"" at the very last minute. They were actually more RESPONSIVE than this device,and with fewer microphones to hear you. You must shout and talk slowly to get an accurate response with this one(roll up windows,no fan blowing). Boggles this ones mind. I fell for the hype,which is just that. I ditched the poorly designed vent mount(which was allegedly designed for my car) and went command tape. Now,what to do with all the wires hanging everywhere..."	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car isn't really high tech so I thought this would be a good thing but not so much. Not my best purchase.	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, which is most of the time, I like it and use it to open my garage door and otherwise operate my smart home as I approach my home or as I leave in the morning. But since it relies on my phone, I guess, sometimes the connection to Alexa doesn't fully work. I also cannot get her to change the song by voice. For that I still have to use my car and phone. So, it isn't adding much beyond what my phone could do by just connecting to my car in that area.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m sorry Amazon I think this device is useless, I’ve seen it compared to a home device so I will follow that lead. Echo Auto is pretty comparative to a light switch you never use. It is totally dependent on my phone, won’t do anything with my stereo and takes up real-estate on my crowed dash. The device is the solitary device I have purchased from Amazon I deem deserving of the label (ARipOff).	1	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well, I’m just so sad. Really was looking forward to a great experience. For starters the pictures shown of the air vents aren’t accurate. I have one that was a ‘yes’ but the angle of the car mount is incorrect-would’ve had to look up from the bottom of the driver’s seat to see it. Second not that easy to connect  as even though my car uses Bluetooth to connect I still had to use the aux cord AND every time I got a call that I would answer hands free from my steering wheel the Echo Auto prevented my ability to do so, so I had to use the phone speaker and then the phone would override the Echo Auto and I could re-link on the touchscreen of the sound center. Finally, not to crazy about having 2 cords dangling in front of my radio and A/C controls, could have included some 3M clips for ‘routing’ the cords or I could have bought some separately. Sorry for this review, I am a big Alexa user (10) and have a smart home.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my echo auto once it gets going, but the connection to my phone is anything but seamless. As I live in a city and often don't drive much further than the grocery store, I often arrive at my destination by the time my echo's connection to my phone has been established. I wish this was more automatic upon the car being started. I also wish you didn't have to hit go on your phone for navigation--it kind of defeats the purpose of hands free. Great for in-car music, though.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I can barely hear what is being said through my phone app and it takes forever to make a call. I got because it was on  sale during Prime Day.  If I had paid the full price ($50.00) I would have returned it.  I actually purchased two of them and gifted one of them to a friend of mines.	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not super happy because it is a pain to conect to bluetooth and 90% of the time her response to me is that she has lost conection to the app. When it does stay connected it has never given me directions when asked. It wont turn on a podcast I have been listening to. Great concept but long way to go. If someone can help me with the issues I would love it!Edited reviewImprovments must have happened it works great I really it now!	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was slightly disappointed by the Echo Auto. First, it will connect to your phone fine the first time, but its range will reach the house as well and interfere with other Bluetooth devices while your car is parked. I disconnected it from my iPhone, only to find a way to reconnect it is through the Alexa app all over again. This was very annoying.Also when I try asking Alexa to do things, mostly they do not work or are not compatible with the echo auto. I got this product for $15 dollars, which is a fair price, but I would not want to spend more on it for sure. I would recommend getting another wireless Bluetooth audio receiver as they are cheaper usually, easier to use, and fewer cables.	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Has issues answering some questions siri can finally answer despite the fact siri is most of the time incompetent. Also requires a decent 4g speed. So I'd say people with unlimited data would get the most use from this device since there wouldn't be any connection issues. But aside from that it's fine.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	OK once we got it connected, but it loses connectivity.  You can only sync one phone, so choose the one person that will drive with it.  Volume levels fluctuate from the car control.  Requires phone data pull the entire time and will drain the battery and use data - ok, but you should know this.  The steps to connect are cumbersome and we had to reset and reconnect the device and phone 4 different times.  We found that we stopped using it fairly quickly because it is cumbersome... seems like an early release that isn't quite ready yet.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I am on the 3rd one I want it so bad I am going to by another one if this one doesn’t work then something is wrong with the Alex auto"	1	November 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this free as a gift from my car insurance provider so beggars can’t be choosers but what is the point in this if you have a smart phone? I mean it performs it functions well but seems like the Alexa app on Android and iOS can do all the same things so why have a separate device for it? It has to connect to your phone in order to use data so an Alexa device just seems redundant.	3	May 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I received my first Alexa Auto through the ""invitation only"" program.  I complained that it came with a permanent adhesive mount that really didn't work well with my car, in part since the Alexa receiver is supposed to be mounted horizontally.  Not much flexibility for different environments. I just received a second unit, now that Alexa Auto has been released without restriction.  It came with a newly designed mount that can only be attached to an air vent (but not all kinds).  Amazon simply didn't get the message!  Why couldn't they include both types of mounts?  What are they thinking?"	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s not bad, just disappointing. It integrates with the app on my phone yet, despite also having the Amazon Music app on my phone with songs and playlists downloaded, it streams them over my phones internet which becomes an issue in less reliable cell coverage.  Likewise, was disappointed it couldn’t be used to send text messages, again despite being connected to my phone.It’s great that it can do pretty much anything an echo in my house can do, but I’m not in my house. I’m in my car and have different needs and challenges when traveling. I’m hopeful it will improve.	3	November 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Clunky, does not respond to voice commands ridiculous number of notifications if you leave them enabled	2	May 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Ok, so, I was excited to get this.But, it is a complete waste of money.  Basically, there is no point to it.You hook it up to a vent in your car with the attachment.The Alexa device attaches to the holder with a magnet.  (Which is convenient).You plug the device into either the cigarette outlet or to a USB outlet if your car has it.Turn it on and then,....  well, nothing.Nothing, because it does not work by itself.  It still needs your smart phone with an Alexa app dowloaded onto the phone.Turns out that all this does is provide a voice remote control for the Alexa app on your phone.If you have the ability to hook your phone into your car speakers, you basically can already do this without any need whatsoever for the echo auto.""But, it allows you to control the app with your voice.""Yes,... when it works.  Which is spotty, at best.  Frankly, my phone picks up my voice better than the echo auto.So,... a pretty pointless product.I still love my other echo devices in the home, though.This auto echo is just a swing and a big miss."	1	October 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is definitely far from an Echo Dot, and definitely needs more research  and development.  Amazon should have perfected this before releasing it into the market.  Alexa's image will surely be negatively affected by this product.	2	April 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like the ability of having to play my songs and access other data on the go.Here are some suggestions for improvements, first, ditch the power cable. The majority of drivers don’t spend 8 hours in their car going back and forth. Give it a lithium battery and make the charge last about 8-10 hours.Second, location placement on the vent visor is a horrible idea, give it a sun visor clip or suction cup clip so that will it to be closer to the user.The Real Critic.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you don’t use the Bluetooth to your speakers it sucks.  The 3.5mm aux cable  add extra clutter and when I listen to amazon music it skips at times.  My wife’s car uses the echo connected to her Bluetooth and has no issues.  The price on this is absolutely ridiculous, I got mine on discount and  feel like I over paid.  The Alexa integration is also clunky at times.  Not ready for the masses and I recommend spending you cash on the better amazon products out there.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This works okay as long as all the stars align...- Phone has Alexa app loaded all the time, location services all the time...- Car is quiet enough to use voice recognition (mine is a bit older and it's not terribly quiet).- You know exactly what to ask...- Your iPhone notifications don't ""ding"" louder than your music, like 2X the volume!As an Apple ecosystem devotee, this works okay for me, it's just frustrating sometimes when it doesn't ""just work"" without fiddling around.  However, nothing these days seems to be perfect in this regard, not even Apple...In the end, a good small investment if you have an older car that will connect everything just so."	2	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn't recognize voice commands very well for me. I used it in a mazda 6 so perhaps the middle console mic area didnt recognize well but when I was playing the trivia questions or something that required interaction 9/10 times it heard incorrectly.  When asking for weather, it gave news updates. When doing jeopardy questions, it just keep repeating the question etc. I use other Alexa devices so I know it can be 100% better recognition than experienced in the car. Hope that future updates make this more applicable to mobile applications	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Clunky and not easy to use. I worried I would have trouble switching back and forth between my phone’s Bluetooth and the Alexa’s Bluetooth. Turns out that wasn’t an issue. My biggest complaint was that it delayed calls coming in. They came to my phone, then through the Alexa then to my car. It took so long for the transfer I kept having calls go to my voicemail before I could answer them. I had to remove it and give it to my kid. I love the Alexa products but this one doesn’t fit the bill.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I agree with other reviewers who have said this product is not ready for prime time.  Connecting it was easy, but I find that it is constantly unable to reconnect to my phone.  I am continually disconnecting and reconnecting power to get it to reconnect with my phone.  It's also had episodes when it just plain refused to reconnect and I had to go into the Alexa app, forget the device, and go through connection again.  It's a great concept, and one I was excited to try, but it definitely fell short of my expectations.	3	November 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have a car that does not have bluetooth; this device would be great; however, if your car is bluetooth enabled it is absolutely useless.  I tried mine for 2 weeks and I promptly put it back in the box.  It was cumbersome with wires and it did not stay connected.  Amazon music on your smartphone connected to your car via bluetooth is 1000% more efficent and also much cheaper than this device.  It's clear amazon was just trying to sell more devices with their branding as opposed to finding a functional and helpful device that improves your everyday lifestyle.  I would give this zero stars if I could -- I'm sad I waited so long to submit for a refund because this is collecting dust on a shelf.  Do not purchase!	1	April 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The sound quality was excellent. I couldn't tell the difference between my aux and the auto. The problem is that my car uses aux instead of Bluetooth and it was irritating to have a cord to plug it in and a cord to attach to the aux input. Alexa worked fine but you need the app on your phone at all times to access data, which is a personal annoyance because I don't have enough space for it. The only feature that would help me put up with the multiple cords would be music controls (play/pause, previous, next) directly on the auto instead of constantly asking Alexa to skip. In the end, it worked better for me to just use my aux w/o the auto.	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a good idea, but its far from adoptable technology because of its flaws. The air vent mount held the device at a weird angle, the cord is impossible to cleanly keep tucked away (it has a hard connection straight out of the side, nothing low profile or attractive) and the integration to the car's audio is just clunky. It has to be connected via bluetooth or aux cord - which is fine if I dont want to use SiriusXM or the regular radio and use the device at the same time. When I do use the device, my car switches to the bluetooth audio input (late, delayed) and then doesnt switch back to what I was previously listening to. Maybe my fault for having an incompatible car, but I think my Toyota Corolla is fairly common and should be a good baseline for use-cases to make sure it works well. I dont use it, it went into a drawer of failed electronics I adopted too early. The alexa is considerably slower than any other device I own.	2	October 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"the vent mount that it comes with does not work at all. it falls off. the rubber prongs keep coming off the main base and wont stay in the vent. they say dont allow to get hot yet make it to fit into the ""heat"" vent on your car so the hot air blows right on it.  Go Figure. the magnet is not strong enough to hold the unit. the unit has to either plug into a aux jack on your car stereo system or Bluetooth to your car stereo system. wont work without one or the other"	3	December 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	With so many internet connected cars, why does this have to only connect through my phone?  It drains my phone battery and interrupts music play every time I get a text.  I have the Echo in the car, but it’s rarely used.  I’ll keep any eye out for when I can connect this to my car’s internet.  Then I can get my money’s worth out of the car connection.	3	June 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was very worthless for me.  It kept falling off the vent and landing under my feet while I was driving.  It is completely usless for me and I was anxiously awaiting the ability to use Alexa in my new GMC Sierra 1500.  So if you have another way to hang this item up I would sure love to know about it.	3	August 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of this hands free Alexa Auto and had high hopes for it but the wires are a pain and the voice recognition is not good either. I tried using it for about a week and was so frustrated with it, that I unhooked it and it’s been in my glovebox since.	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing is not exactly useless, but everything to start needs to be said twice. I have yet to get Alexa to actually do what was asked without asking twice on the first attempt. That said, after she wakes up or whatever, for the most part it works ok. I’m not an Alexa guru, but there’s still a lot she doesn’t understand no matter where she’s asked.While it’s only $30, it might be a good novelty, but in general,  it very useful, especially the first time you ask her to do something on this specific device.	3	December 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't like the mount.  It doesn't really work well for my car.  It needs improvement.  Although not perfect the first mount was better.  As for working as Alexa...it works pretty well.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing worked for exactly one day before it decided to never connect to the car or Alexa app again. Don't waste your money.	1	October 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It doesn't always connect.  It's pretty much 50/50.  I'll hear ""I'm having trouble connecting right now, please try again later Also, when getting directions it always says "" I see your not navigating right now"".  Then it would ask if I want to navigate right now.  Drives me nuts.  Otherwise, when it is working properly, yes it is like having Alexa with you along for the ride.  P.S. I also have mine set up to open/close garage door via my voice command.  Overall - it is worth it when it is on sale."	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	WORTH THE PURCHASE IF YOU HAVE AN AMAZON MUSIC ACCOUNT. SOMETIMES THE MACHINE DOESN'T RECOGNIZE WHAT I SAY BECAUSE IT IS STILL PLAYING MUSIC WHEN I AM SPEAKING TO ALEXA. IT SHOULD PAUSE THE MUSIC OR DIM THE VOLUME BUT IT DOESN'T. ALL IN ALL, I AM GLAD WE HAVE IT.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This thing is so finicky, It constantly tells me my phone has lost connection to the internet. Before I hear the get a better cell phone service., I have Verizon, and I never drop calls and my phone never cuts off other streaming services, including Amazon.  However, in order to use the Alexa feature via the app on my phone. I have to turn on the display and unlock my phone. So I thought having this device would be better because it is completely hands-free.  Instead, I tell Alexa to play a song and it's about 50/50 if it actually works and if it does its 50/50 if it will play the whole song without pausing because ""I lost signal"" . It seems if as if my strength of signal weakens by 1 bar it considers that a loss of internet and cannot play.  Better to use the app via my phone. Hopefully, an update will fix this because as of now I don't use it at all anymore.  Big pain in the @$$"	2	October 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In theory it would be great fun and practical. It works for simple tasks like turning lights on at home but not so much for playing games and the like because Alexa just doesn’t understand the responses. One must repeat oneself too frequently.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have to have the Alexa app open on my phone in order to use this. I close my apps all day and then don’t always remember to open it when I want to use this device. It also loses connection with my phone randomly. I haven’t explored all the features but I’m not 100% impressed yet. I tried to ask it to make a phone call and it did, but the sound came through my phone like normal rather than the stereo which was annoying. I don’t like so many cords all over but I don’t have a Bluetooth stereo so that can’t be avoided.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update-I so loved this product at first but after 6 weeks it now cuts off quite frequently and is becoming  high maintenance and annoying.  I don’t know what changed since I drive the same routes, but I wish it would go back to its original awesomeness!	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My wife and I each have one in our vehicles. I love having the function of playing music via voice and answering calls handsfree but the call quality is mediocre at best. I can always hear people well, but this thing is terrible at noise cancellation and amplifies road noise to whoever we are talking too. The only other issue is connectivity issues at times, even when we have full LTE on our iPhones. If they fix these issues, we may buy in the future but I cannot recommend them at this time.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First day this worked “okay.” Everyday after I have not had any success. I’ve reset everything countless times at this point and still having so many issues. First off, once in a while when I set it up it will let me use my cars Bluetooth and continue on. Other times it just continuously repeats to plug in the aux chord which is not needed. Next if I do get this far, it has no luck connecting to my phone to use the network. My phone is not the issue it is the Alexa app or this device.Also the look, really? There couldn’t have been a longer chord provided so maybe I could set this up somewhere where I won’t be looking at a bunch of tangled wires?If this worked it most likely would be BARELY 2.5/5 stars and not recommended. Save yourself the headache.	2	June 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What it is designed for is a great idea. Only wish it worked better functionally... First, vent mount only stinks. It stays on well but it is too obtrusive to the vent itself. Next, I have to lean very close to the unit for it to pick up my voice or practically yell for it to recognize my voice commands, questions, etc. I really wanted this to work much better. I am keeping it in hopes that possibly updates(firmware) will come along someday that will improve the ability of being able to use this in a vehicle much more safely and conveniently.	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Needs some work still. I wasnt thrilled after getting it. It uses your phones connection to work. And not just the internet data connection it needs the Alexa app on your phone to properly work. So technically its a extension of the phone app is all. Not that great expecially if your phone is slow. I have a LG V30 and ita not the fastest. I was hoping for a phone just to connect Alexa to the internet only. App not needed. Other then that it works good for Spotify and everything else that works on your phone already.	3	November 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We had a hard time getting the synced in my husband's car. It worked fine when my son connected it, then it wouldn't connect again. We had to start all over. It was more of a hassle than it was worth. The idea of it was great. We ended up giving it to a friend. Hopefully they will have better luck.	3	October 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really liked the idea of this and it was handy when it worked, but it didn’t work consistently. The Bluetooth connection was extremely finicky. It never seemed to want to work when I was actually in the car, but connected a lot when I was not.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It constantly gets unsynced with the Alexa app,  and your car  disconnects from it, than you have to redo all installation again. It is  not automatically resume when you start your car. The work you put into this device to work doesnt worth the effort.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It appears when I ask Alexa to play a playlist from my Apple Music only one side plays however when I stop the music and tell Siri to play the same music list it comes in and plays on all my car speaker (like it should). I’m sure everything is connected correctly because I can turn the lights on before I get home and play music on all 5 rooms/ devices.  If I’m doing something wrong, please let me know but for now I have to keep my rating as is. Sorry Amazon!	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high Hope's for this but it didnt work well the navigation would always say it started but then do nothing, the music. Worked but you were unable to control it at all via the phone just voice and had to keep turning the volume down just to pause/ skip songs . As for calls it worked perfectly which is about the only thing I will use it for.  I did find if I just launched the amazon app I could use it as just a bluetooth to 3.5mm adapter which worked well but could not be controlled via voice then.  Seems like they should have included some simple media buttons on this like most bluetooth receivers.  The biggest issue was the resource use on my phone.  Running a top of the line S10 with full bars and when connected my phone would slow down to almost be unusable for any type of data services (like maps) but once disconnected everything worked fine.	2	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great product! It is just like using the echo dot, but for your car. My only concern is the voice recognition. I feel like the Echo Auto doesn’t pick up the voice as well as the Echo Dot. I sometimes have to shout at it in order for it to hear me sometimes. That is without music playing, and with my car parked. I drive a Subaru Forester, so it’s not like my engine is loud either. Other than that, it is a great product!	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The good: The echo only required power, the audio cord was not needed.  Plays music and auto resumes where it left off when I start my next trip.  Songs can be controlled by voice or on my cars touchscreen.  Seeing the song and artist on the cars display and advancing to the next song using the car's controls is very slick. Voice navigation is good with google maps.  Reads text messages on command.  Reads the current news, albeit liberal NPR.The bad: There is a lag time for interactive conversations with Alexa.  This makes some tasks impossible.  For example composing a text message did not work, after many attempts I gave up on it.  Sometimes it will hear its own messages and use them for the reply.  Does not work with Spotify, very frustrating, keeps sending me to the play store to install the already installed app.  Frequently, creates a new playlist instead of adding songs to the requested list.Overall, this product needs more development.  It could be great but currently is not event close to the performance of other Alexa enabled devices.  Despite the fancy microphones on the echo I'm having far better luck with ""OK google"" commands directly to the phone.  Spotify works perfectly using google commands.. I  rarely use the echo as a result.Using this product in an Acura MDX with Bluetooth integration and a Samsung Note."	1	November 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Makes things in the car hands free which is exactly what I was going for, but I have to have the app open at all times if I'm going to utilize it, which wasn't at all what I expected.  Before getting in my car I have to open the app and turn off WiFi in order for it to (sometimes) work.  The little bit of extra work you have to do every single time for it almost isn't worth it.  Would be a great present but not as great as you'd expect.	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great for playing music, podcasts and audible. Phone calls are not so great with poor sound quality for both the caller and receiver. If it worked better for phones calls I would rate 5 stars.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an older car, so I love that I can easily have some hands-free features like the newer cars out there.  However, I find that it eats my battery and my data.  I tried to see if I could set Amazon Music to only play music from my device, but it isn't possible.  Every time I ask for music it automatically goes for the cloud storage.  I have found a way to use Google Assist, which will work with Google Play Music, and does not play from the cloud.  It's a great idea, but maybe not the best execution.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The auto echo is ok if you don’t have a way to use Satellite radio.  It’s a hit and miss as far as staying connected to my phone while driving.	3	August 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like other reviewers wanted to love this echo as we love the echo automation all over our home. Well long story short this is a complete mess. I have a pretty good working knowledge of technology so set up was not difficult. Connecting your Bluetooth on your phone to your auto and to Alexa has many conflicting faults. It will connect but the least little thing that causes the echo auto to loose connection with your phone and your done. Getting the echo auto to reconnect especially if you happen to be driving is next to impossible. When the echo auto connects to your phone it only half ( if that ) uploads your contacts from your phones contact list thus you can forget telling Alexa to call anyone let alone text. Alexa echo auto cannot multi task. By this I mean if you happen to be on the phone and pulling up to your house and ask Alexa to turn on your lights ( FORGET IT ). you can either be on a phone call or use her skills feature one thing at a time but not both at once. Many many many bugs in this echo auto and not well thought out. Shame on your research and development team for putting out such a bad quality product and soiling the echo name and reputation.. I am now going to extend my invitation to Amazon to take this product back and refund my money.	1	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"If you have a bluetooth audio in your car this is a complete waste of money! The Alexa App on your phone will do ""all"" the same things Echo Auto will do... in fact the app on my phone recognizes and exacutes commands better that the Echo Auto. The ""only difference"" is on the app you have to push ""one"" button on your phone for it to start listening for a command. I guess if you have a older car (with no Bluetooth audio) or a broken finger it may be worth the $50...but for the most part it really adds nothing you don't already have via the app. Playlists can be pulled up through the app with just ""one"" button push and a voice command, after the playlist is playing it can be controlled with your steering wheel controls ie...volume, fast forward, rewind etc... Like said if your car only has a 3.5 mm audio input and no Bluetooth this is great but other than that, it seems like a waste of money."	2	December 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The question is the following for all the people buying it? Why do you need it if you have the app on your phone? The reality is that you do not really need it. Will give the same feutures as the phone. So it offer no much extra. Only that will save some bathery on the phone.	3	November 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Terribly inconvenient oversight. All my other Alexa devices are set to wake to ""Ziggy"" but I need to retrain myself to use ""Alexa"" in the car. Not including this feature makes ZERO sense. Also, only one mounting option is provided and the cable connections are poorly engineered. Dropped the ball on this one. If there is a future update to make changing default wake word an option I would rate FOUR STARS. As for now, I would rate ONE STAR and return except it does make a good bluetooth receiver."	2	November 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am certain that I will be very happy when I finally get it connected.  I currently am driving an older vehicle without Bluetooth and the aux is positioned so that it virtually impossible to use it!  I may ask my dealer to see if they can connect it for me pending my purchase of a new vehicle!	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You can not use it to replace your stereo.  When you power off and power on while playing a playlist, you have to restart the playlist via commands and the playlist starts over so you hear the same songs over and over.  It might work for long trips if you don't turn off your car off  but for in town day to day use, I stopped using it.  Also if you need to use the audio line in (AUX), I get crackling noise through the speakers constantly.  If there is away to fix either of these issues, please let me know.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an Echo in my bedroom and Alexa on my kindle.  My son gave me the Auto Echo for Christmas.  I drive a 2017 Jeep Wrangler with a superb sound system and Connect with my phone.  To use the Echo I must shift to Bluetooth which is a pain.  The Alexa app needs to have an option to work with my cell phone and not through the car speakers.  I have tried to send a text but it tells me it did but it did not.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bgest prob.  I have an older model truck and this did not work in an old truck.  The hooking it up to audio was the problem.  I gave my away to someone with a newer vehicle.	3	April 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Note that I thought that this would my solve all when driving, but it wasn't. I thought when trying to GPS I would be able to drive without grabbing my phone and setting it up and that wasn't the case.  Wake me up when it can do the things I want it to do when I'm driving.	3	October 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I returned Echo Auto after using it for more than 1 week. Here are the reasons:1. Poor connectivity - Several times Alexa could not connect or lost connection with the phone. The phone is a less than one-year old iPhone and it was in a well-connected area. Alexa would simply not answer showing light or say that the phone is not connected to internet. After a while it may start working with no extra effort from my side. That means poor connectivity.2.If you want to interact with Alexa, the car must be in the Bluetooth mode. If you switch to FM/AM station and then say Alexa, you may not hear response as car audio is not in the Bluetooth mode.3. If you listen to podcast or any app downloaded on the phone, Alexa would not respondRegarding #2 and #3, I was expecting behavior like my navigation app i.e. it can run in the background and I can listen to FM/AM radio or podcast on my phone. When App would need to say something like Turn left/right etc., it would automatically speak up and after that the original activity FM/AM/Podcast would resume.I anticipated the same seamless ease of use from Alexa Auto. But I was disappointed that the car must exclusively connect to Alexa and driver can do nothing else. I certainly like my Echo and several Echo Dots sitting around my house. But Echo Auto user experience was subpar.	1	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When you listen to an audiobook through Echo Auto (or other Alexa devices apparently) it doesn't remember where you are in the book to sync with the Audible app to continue listening outside of the vehicle. This is a huge disappointment as my primary reason for purchasing was to listen to audiobooks while traveling across country. Connectivity via bluetooth was slow to integrate but once it finally connected was okay. Also when you reach or travel through an area with no cell signal you've got no Echo Auto. I hope Amazon can get the bugs worked out as the idea is great.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have these devices all over my house and want to like it... I really do... and I’m trying.  But the need to constantly be plugged into the cigarette lighter is unsightly.  It would be much better if it required the occasional charge and just did its thing stand-alone.  Or had a charging case like the ones you can buy for cell phones while hiking.  Additionally it frequently goes into this mode where the light goes back and forth and can’t receive direction.  I’m using it, and will continue to do so, but it seems to me that there is some low hanging fruit for upgrades and will purchase a new one when they get around to it.	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Phone has to be connected by wire to car. Otherwise doesn’t work even though phone shows it is connected through Bluetooth. Alexa app on phone works better for some apps. Echo Auto works better for some others, if it’s connected directly to the car. Hoped this would fix Alexa Apps shortcomings. Actually made whole process even more frustrating.	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I posted this review about six months ago and it is still valid. Echo Auto WILL NOT stay connected with my iPhone. No matter what I do (and I have spent hours on the phone with Tech Support) I have to re-pair Echo Auto to my iPhone every damn time I get in the car. Just not worth the hassle.I am an Alexa believer. I have five of them in my house and love every one. She is a family member. But the one in my car sucks. It just will not stay connected to either my phone, my car's audio system or the internet. I try and talk to her and I ALWAYS get one of those responses. Something she can't connect to. I think in the entire time I have had this car unit (more than six months), I have only been able to use it three times. Otherwise when I say Alexa, she says, ""I am having trouble connecting to the internet."" I pull over and make sure she is paired with my phone, and she is so I try again and it works...until I turn the car off and then when I get back in, same problem. Totally sick of it. And the thing that really ticks me off is that there is no tech support. Of course my home Alexa's don't need any but this product surely does."	1	March 19, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Without internet, this device is not even smart enough to just use voice commands to make phone calls.  It won't route it through its dialer.  It is utterly useless unless you like hearing Alexa tell you how it needs the internet.  It is worse than the 5 yr old needing to go to the bathroom in the backseat.	1	August 22, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Very disappointed that it will not control my spotify app if I set spotify to ""offline"" mode to save data and play downloaded songs. Sound quality is nice and easy to sync( initially and every time I enter my vehicle and start the engine). I'll probably use Google Assistant instead."	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have constant problems with connectivity. Every day I have to reset it to get it to work. I’ve been quite unhappy with it.	3	September 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall, I think this product is half baked.  It's great when it works but too often it misinterprets many of the songs I ask it to play while I'm driving.  So I end up having to scroll through my phone anyway  at the next red light.  Another annoying factor is it can disconnect from the phone so again you can't use it while driving.  The sound has been good and would still buy it again at the right price, but am also still left frustrated by it's AI.	3	December 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo device does not automatically connect to my car. I have to play with it everytime I start my car up. Apparently it wants the phone's connection which I use for navigation.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea, have Alexa in your car.  If your have Satellite radio subscriptions that enables you to play it via your echo, well, you don’t need a portable one for your car anymore. First off, it took a long time for the Echo to pair with my phone. Second, it keeps having reconnection issues when I stop my car. It would say that it lost connection with my phone. Other than that, it’s great when it works.  But then again, they already have the Alexa app for your phone, so there’s really no need for this, other than convenience.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo auto has serious potential, but it isn’t quite there yet. I have been using echo auto for a couple months being chosen on the prerelease group. Echo Auto has been nice adding bluetooth convenience to my 2010 Nissan Rogue. I have enjoyed using Alexa to play music from Spotify and answer phone calls. But not all has been well. I have had connectivity issues between my iPhone and echo auto. I have had to reset the unit and set it up several times for functionality to work. With time and update this device will be great especially in older vehicles without Bluetooth.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Looses connectivity  easily, Voice recognition on telling it what to do is somewhat  sketchy,,Have to repeat yourself a lot on commands, when in Navigation mode the sound is to low if you are listening to music. Seems to be simpler if you just plug the AUX cable into your phone and forget about Alexa.	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It thinks the phone is having trouble connecting to the internet when the phone is fine.""Your mobile device has lost connection to the internet. Please try again later."" Is what mine has said for the last 2 months. When I called the Amazon experts, they told me ""Don't send it back. I will put in a ticket and this should be resolved within about a week."" That was 3 weeks ago and I am still having the same exact problem and message from the device even though I am writing this on the same device that is supposedly ""having trouble connecting to the internet."" I am also having the same issue with my Echo Frames."	2	March 12, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love all of my Alexa devices except this one. I love that it small, but it’s not easy to use and I’m still trying to hook it up and see the value of why I got this.  Very disappointed.  Hate the cord!!!	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device works just not as good as the Echo devices in my home. Voice recognition is hit and miss. The rubber cord tamer on the vent mount continues to come off. Apparently the adhesive is insufficient to secure this piece. Amazon has sent a replacement mount but I had to purchase the new mount and wait for a credit even though my device is within the 30 day warranty period. I would probably buy another device but not for $50. In my opinion, the device is worth $20 to $25.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	cant give an answer yet	2	June 8, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Great idea, OK execution. It does a better, more consistent, job as a bluetooth bridge for my phone and older car stereo. So far it has ONLY played music for me... everytime I try to do something else like directions or ask questions, this thing is left blank. I have also had issues connecting it to my phone to use Alexa. many times I have been able to play music on my phone through Amazon Music, but this ""has a weak signal"". It's OK, but only if you do not have a bluetooth car stereo."	3	December 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was impossible to mount the unit on the air vents in my Infiniti car.  Suggest you check out which can be used.  Also, the unit is very slow to respond.	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon has a lot to do before Alexa Auto is a real competitor. For example, when I was less than 2 miles out and said, “Alexa, directions to Costco,” she tried directing me to a store that was 15 miles away (Google maps on Android integration). She was also not able to respond to “Alexa, play This American Life on Stitcher.”It’s great from Amazon Music or integrating with my smart home gear, but it isn’t there yet as a smart car integration.I’m not about to dump it, but it will take a while before it works well enough that I’ll buy others.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this on an invite to try.  It took me a while to get it connected, but once connected, it worked pretty well for about 3 months, then suddenly died.  Will not power up now.My kids liked using it while I'll driving to play music they wanted to hear, or just to ask Alexa questions.  They also liked that I could send announcements from my car.  All in all, we liked it while it worked.One thing I did not like is that while I could get it paired with my phone, we could not get a second device to attach to it (my wife's phone).  This means any time she drove the car without me with her, she couldn't use the Alexa features.  The instructions say it should be able to connect to multiple devices, but we weren't able to make that happen.My kids want me to purchase another one, but I'm sceptical about doing so. Not sure what I'll do.	2	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Problem list:-If you car is parked within range of your wifi, your device will lose connection to the internet, ending any music, calls, commands timers, reminders ect.  Entering or leaving.-Every time the device loses connection with your phone it has to be reset.-If you connect to a speaker through a cord, you have to go through the process of making it connect to the speaker...twice.  2nd time works every time.  This has to be done every single drive.-you cannot change the wake word, so if you have existing home automation that doesn't use ""alexa"" as the wake word... good luck integrating it.It's more trouble than it's worth, and you'll find yourself not bothering.  Nobody wants to start their commute wrestling with this thing.  I only give it a 2nd star because once you have it working... it preforms as advertised."	2	June 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was on the waitlist for this product and was excited for it when it came. I'm glad that it came with a vent stand. I am disappointed that it will lose connectivity from my phone and I constantly have to open the Alexa App on my phone to have it reconnect. It does not seem to understand some phrases. Sometimes, I need to speak a little louder and slower for it to work properly. I can ask the same things with the Echo in my house and it works just fine. I like the function of being able to mute the microphone.	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this a while ago and from day one it has had issues doing what I tell it to. There are time when I tell it to text someone and it works, then later on the same trip it tells me I have to go in the app and give it permission to send sms messages. Does the same thing with getting routes	2	January 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So it doesn't text perfectly but it works.  It makes calls well 9 out of 10xs. It also works with my wireless headset and smart watch.  It'll navigate, read books, answer questions, set alarms and tell me news and weather.  If you spend a lot of time on the road this thing is awesome.	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works. Sometimes. When it works, works great. Aside from if it hears anything in your songs that may sound like “Alexa” it will immediately register that as an inquiry, it works well like other products.But the pairing and connection seems to be a hit or miss. Sometimes my phone pairs fine, sometimes the apps are still “open” according to echo auto and it works. But other times it just doesn’t connect and you have to go in and open the Alexa app and then open Spotify etc etc which can honestly be kind of a PITA. Hope it gets better.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Used in my Hyundai Sonata Sport.I can not hear Alexa speak when my Sirrius radio is on except for when I am taking a phone call through the radio system, she keeps telling me how to 'un-mute' a call (that is not muted). I have to use Media button to talk to Alexa. I was in my house on my cell phone and all of a sudden I hear Alexa in the phone call once again telling me how to un-mute a phone call. I was shocked! Not even in my car!!! So, Alexa Auto has some bugs to work out.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Still struggling with this device I wanted hands free in my car & quick easy access to my unlimited amazon music account. Everything works but my amazon music. It claims I don't have an account but my account works on my phone & all my other amazon voice items. Can't find a fix for this issue other than to play my music through my phone which defeats purchasing this device.	3	June 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do use Echo auto but it makes the other system in my car get confused (or maybe it is me). It seems to bounce back and forth with the system already in my car; some calls don't work now from my phone book. Like all technology, they want to control everything so they can get information on you to try and sell you more stuff you don't need. In the end your car voice is probably good and there seems to be bugs as the two systems collide.	3	February 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	1. Dump the mount immediately. Go get yourself some 3M velcro strips. My device is blended into my dash console. You want this mounted as close to the outlet as possible to cut down on cords. Also, get a new, shorter cord.2. Picks up my voice fine. What it does with my instructions is a total shot in the dark. Similar to every other Alexa device I own. Can we please set specific podcasts already? Or at least default to the most popular option for the words I said? This thing pulls some absurd results for a simple search like “The Bill Simmons Podcast”3. More often than not, this device has trouble connecting to the internet. Which is weird because I can be online on my phone while it’s telling me this.Overall, not worth it. More frustrating than useful. Wait for Amazon to make a new one rather than continually discounting their stale inventory	1	November 22, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you want to over pay for a Bluetooth dongle that doesn't work properly, I highly recommend this.The Alexa integration never works and always tells you that you need to update whatever app you are trying to use, even though you are using the most up to date version.  It's not aesthetically pleasing either unless you enjoy wires all over your car and it often falls off the vent.It's surprising how terrible this product is considering it is made by Amazon.  You're way better off just buying a mpow/Anker/taotronics Bluetooth dongle for $15.	2	July 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is great, when it works. It struggles over and over to connect to my phone, and sometimes I have to completely delete it from the app and start setup from scratch. Definitely does not work seamlessly like the regular Echos (I have several and am familiar with their use). Definitely needs a software update to make it work better. Also half the time when I say “Alexa,” I get the blue light but not long enough to tell her what I want. She shuts off right away. So a good idea overall, but very glitchy and needs work.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is nice asking for music but other functions it seems to have difficulty ...possibly the noise in the car . Also , I haven’t found a good way to keep the cord from sticking out , maybe there is device for that.  And , it does come detached easily from the base -	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have several Echo products and love them. I purchased this in advance and thought this would be great to listen to my books when I travel. I am very disappointed in the Echo Auto. When it works it is great but most of the time it does not connect to my phone even though my phone is connected to my car and it works with no issues. Occasionally it will tell me it is not connected mostly it tells me nothing.  I have tried updating but nothing has changed.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon Echo has been great for my car that does not have music to play via Bluetooth.  The downside is that she still needs work picking up on tasks to do and what to play.  One feature that is a sore disappointment is the fact that she has great trouble reading text messages and calling people.  Half the time she says she can't do it, while the other half she can.  She also has had trouble playing podcasts via Spotify.  It's been great to be hands-free but there are still a lot of bugs to work out.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased  mine some time into the invite period. Had zero issues with connecting it to my phone and car the first time, but the connection is spotty, like maybe a third of the time it will not work due to a lost connection. Biggest issue I had was shouting commands at it over road noise. If you have a window open, forget it, she's not gonna understand you. Ironically, she often wakes up at random noise or words that are not the wake word. Needs some fine tuning. *edited to correct some embarrassing grammatical errors*	3	November 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Loses connection with the phone easily. But it does help as far as driving hands free is concerned. Siri does a terrible job when comes to understanding you. Being able to get radio stations like NPR or WHUR in DC is the best thing about it. I just wish it could open apps on the iPhone. And I wish I could change the wake name. I use the word computer on my other echo devices. It’s okay for 25 dollars. Which is what I paid for the invitation price. If I had paid fifty. I’d be disappointed. It needs more bells and whistles.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this through the invite only promotion and it finally arrived many months later.  I normally listen to music on my iphone through bluetooth or my ipod through usb, but they frequently lose the automatic connection.I also wanted a way to listen to amazon music. Installation requires an internet connection, which made it a little difficult for me because I dont have wi-fi or cell service in my garage.  Once installed, you need to have your phone's volume turned up all the way, silent mode turned off, and the Alexa app turned on.  Once you start your car, you need to wait a few seconds for a message to pop up asking you to push a button that says you are a passenger.  This is an obvious design flaw that makes the product nearly worthless.  I have also had problems getting it to work consistently.  Many times it has told me it has become disconnected from the app.  It also cannot play music from the music library on my iphone.	2	October 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Really wasn't too impressed.  It won't play all my music as it does at home. It could be the subscription.  It disconnects from the phone frequently....Update it does not seem to diconnect near as much as it used to.  I use a cable to connect to the stereo so I mainly use it to integrate my phone with my non Bluetooth stereo.  I use the app some but more often just to play the podcasts from my phone.  It's ok but still more a novelty.  I do use it to get weather forecast as well.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Other Alexa are great but this device keeps disconnecting at all times and then it takes a while to connect again,is actually a pain when your driving because is supposed to be a hands free device,sound is also not so great,i'm sorry but this device doesn't work for me.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love this product WHEN IT WORKS.  It can be very glitchy.  Pretty often it just doesn't wanna connect with my phone and I have to unplug it from power and plug it back in to let it try again.  When it works, it is a GREAT device.  But I'd say it only works as expected on the first try about 60% of the time.	3	July 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s meh.  It works great when it works. I’d say it connects about 50% of the time with the other 50% giving an error message. “Your echo auto has lost connection to the Alexa app. When it’s safe to do so reconnect it using the Alexa app.” I’m doing this at least twice a week. Like I said, when it works it’s great. I can control music, make phone calls, get directions, get answers to basic questions (that’s all devices not just the auto), control my thermostat and lights, etc. Too bad it’s hit or miss. I really wanted to like this product.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon has sabotaged Amazon Music. Now has ads, and limits, no 'skips', no select performer, costs $5/mo per device.	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall I like the Echo Auto for very basic uses. I'm hoping in the future there are more features that can be connected to the phones. Right now I use it but for very basic functions, traffic, spotify, weather, etc. I would like to be able to call and text not just through Alexa but through the actual phone. Also the reminders would be nice to be connected to the phone instead of just Alexa. I understand that this is an Amazon device and I love it it's just difficult to keep track of what I can and cannot do.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a good idea not bad implimentation. It's not great tho. There is problems with the app sticking a notification that doesn't go away. The playback stops if you try to have Alexa do anything and you have to start it over again. The recognition of what you want Alexa to do is very sub par at best especially if you want to listen to a lesser known artist. I would recommend a Made By Google product over an Alexa product due to the better assistant that Google offers.	3	February 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been using Echo devices for some time but I am so disappointed with this product that I would give a zero if there was an option.First, its Bluetooth integration is so unreliable that I have been able to use only a few times and do not know how it worked. Second, every time I try to use I feel I am lying because the only option it gives me is “I am a Passenger”, instead of asking “Are you driving?” Yes or No and give the disclaimer. Third, it is suppose to be an Auto-use device and logically must follow the location of the cell phone to give information about traffic or weather of that location but it gives me the information of my home location. What is the use when I am several miles away driving? Fourth, I do not know whether it shares/ is connected to the same machine learning protocol with other Echo devices because Echo Auto does not understand the same commands other Echo devices we own- one Echo Show, one Amazon Echo, three Echo Dots, and two Echo Inputs have started to understand and execute. They really need to work on this device. Fifth, I contacted the customer support and was kicked around chatting to three different people giving me the same advice. Unplug it and reboot the device. I do not know whether they have a trouble shoot protocol in place. I am disappointed to say the least.	1	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the concept of this device and see great potential for the future, but it is not quite there yet.  Mine drops off line quite a bit, and other than supposedly being had free, does nothing that my phone Alexa App can't do.  I use mine when I am in the car alone, sometimes it works great... other times not at all.  I think the next version will be better as soon as they work the kinks out of it.  That's what happens when you are an early adapter, you are the test group.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like ro talk to alexa features.  Dislike sometimes doesnot responses for some reason  can not hear you. No sure why.	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For some reason, I have to keep connecting this device to my phone as I am driving.  It does not stay connected.  It does Bluetooth to my car, but, again, I have to try and sometimes re-try to get it connected as I am driving.  It's not worth $50 or even $25.	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Reliability is certainly not what this device is known for. Too often (when I even bother to ask now it seems..) when you ask Alexa to do something as you're driving down the road you will see the blue light just kind of glow back and forth but no conformation of task completed. Then you may ask it again or press the voice command button physically in which case you will here something like ""needs to connect to the Alexa app..."" or ""had trouble finding the Alexa app..."". Then you may precariously find yourself trying to open your phone whilst driving to see if you can get this thing to work, WHICH I must say I DO NOT condone as this is very unsafe and just begging for an accident to happen. This is by far the most disappointing and non functional Alexa device I have purchased as I should not have to worry about trying to open my phone and keeping the Alexa app open at all times. The phone I have is the newest and highest spec'd iPhone available so I know its not a phone issue. I guess I am stuck waiting for my GMC to be integrated with Alexa for the time being as this Alexa Auto device has found itself in the odd clutter bag of items sitting in my cupboard from my most recent car cleaning."	1	April 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a good first try at this. A question... couldn’t this just be an app that is downloaded into the car’s entertainment system?  If it’s an app, it can be automatically integrated into the car’s sound system and microphone (most cars today have that already built in). You can have Alexa voice activated and always listening. That can also be an option in the settings of the app...I am betting you can reach more customers if the app is developed.Kristofer	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I can’t say Alexa and have it respond. I have to change the radio from music over to Bluetooth. Then I have to wait for my iPhone to sync up with Bluetooth in the car.  Then my iPhone wants to start playing music from my phone which I have to stop then wait for Alexa to take over. I have to ask simple questions to see when it is finally connected, like what time is it? Maybe ask 4 times and then I can hear it over the car stereo. Then often it loses connection info and I ask what time is it and it’s 6 hours ahead. I ask for weather and it says it doesn’t know where I am and I should enter my address in the Alexa app which it already is.  Then it will ask what location do I want weather for. I say my city and state or any city and state and it says “I don’t know that one”. Be happy to discuss with amazon.	2	November 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea but you have to have ability for music to play through your car speakers. Plus you have to keep Amazon Alexa on using cellular data on your phone to have it work. It loses connectivity quite a bit and I had to continue to start over. It kept telling me I lost connectivity so I would have to go to home and then select my music again. It is an option best for cars equipped with Alexa connectivity or wait for a radio that is auto connected. Not worth it if just using your phone with it.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Those who prefer using the Alexa service may find this device more suited to their tastes, but I  have an Android phone so I'm already able to control my home's lights and thermostat and get quick answers to questions using the Google Assistant. If I had an iPhone, the same would be true using Siri. Installing the device was simple, but due to the design of my dash, the included vent mount had to lean in a visually annoying way. Also, my dash was getting messy with more wires draped on it.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to like but it just isn’t quite what I imagined it to be.  I have it In my older car and connect it with Bluetooth but the fact it has to be plugged in and not wire free bugs me a bit. Awesome idea but there is no difference then using the Alexa app on my phone.	3	September 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I mainly got the car Echo to have the ability to dictate text responses while I an driving.  There is a huge flaw with this feature. It records your voice and sends a link to the voice recording along with the transcribed text. I really hate that idea and cannot find anyway to disable it, so the feature is essentially not what I wanted it for.  Also, alexa app has trouble connecting and I have to reboot my phone usually on startup of the echo.  (I have a pixel 3, not outdated phone by any means).	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is very convenient to have alexa with you in the car... when she will actually connect. She is constantly telling me she lost connection with my phone, which is frustrating. There are also a LOT of cords! One to connect to your aux port and one to connect to power. I wish she could hold a charge and not have to have a cord leading to the power outlet. Even tying all the wires up, it still looks sloppy. Hopefully the next gen will have this figured out.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Have not been able to get it to work.	3	October 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I own a number of Echo/ Alexa enabled devices for my home and love them.  I was excited to get an early invite for the Echo auto.  Unfortunately it has not lived up to the functionality I have come to love from household Alexa devices.  The big shortcomings:- Connectivity.  It is very spotty... sometimes the Echo works from the get-go, but most of the time I have to open the Alexa app on my iPhone to get it working.  I hope this is a software issue Amazon can correct in an update.- The mics are terrible!  I use Siri on my iPhone fairly seamlessly in my car, speaking in a normal voice even with a lot of traffic/ road noise.  I literally have to scream at the Echo multiple times if my window is open and there is low road noise.- There are basically two things I use voice activation for in my car: music and directions.  Echo, when it connects and responds (both of which are problematic) does a great job with music, using all my enabled music apps to find what I am looking for.  Directions, however, are woefully lacking: there is no decent maps app available on Alexa!  My iPhone will at least work with Google maps, but no such luck with the Echo auto...Overall, very high hopes for the device, but I was ultimately very disappointed.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Never been about to get this thing to work. Total integration failure. All user instruction are non-specific, and complex. The only place for this thing, is the electronics recycling bin.**Now let me update everyone about this review: As Bela Lugosi once said (please use a Hungarian accent) Bee-Vare! Bee-Vare. There ist something Hap-peening! Pull The String! Pull The String!! As you can see I left a one star critical thumbs down review of an Alexa device. And this part is true: I swear, a few hours later I get a phone call from someone at ‘Amazon’? Who wants to help me with my problem. Now, I don’t know what of algorithm they have that can read, and flag such reviews, and then have someone call you up, but what the hey? I expected something like that from a Chinese or Russian or North Korean government. But What? And how did they get my phone number? Yeah, I know I’m in the book, but still, calling me? I mean Calling me? And how were we going to fix it? I'm up hear in my apartment, and my car is downstairs, and this Echo thing is hanging about somewhere, on the floor, or whatever. I mean Callling me on the phone?	1	September 20, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Has some issues. No way to change wake word. Really has issues with multiple phones, does not like to pair with multiple, can be done but it really wants to default back to the first one paired. Has issues with navigation.	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use it every day in my car when i get home, i can tell alexa to turn on my lights and tv before i even get out of my car. But its hard when you want to ask it to directions to the nearest gas station, it doesn't recognize that command. So even though it is a good product it could be better with future updates.	3	July 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is the first time I've not had a 5 Star experience with an Amazon Echo product. I set it up in my vehicle with the help of two marvelous Alexa customer support folks about a week ago. I find it very frustrating that Alexa has to search for my phone connection 90% of the time. It takes a while and I'm considering returning the product.	3	August 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I can't really rate this item since I was unable to use it. I bought it for our class A rv so we could hear podcasts, etc. Unfortunately there was no way to install it since it requires auxiliary outlets & those are already in use for other items.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s functional and better than nothing but not great. I owe several echo dots and this is not as good. Can’t change the name of the device and there are some skills that it doesn’t have. It also doesn’t show the name of the song on the screen like every other app would or even most radio stations  it’s audio only. The Bluetooth is also iffy and it ended up being more reliable with a cable. I’d buy it again as it’s better then nothing but not as good as other Echos	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought it for $25 when invited by Amazon. I have a bunch of Echo Dots around my house which I use to control my smart home devices about 99% of the time. My wife and son listen to music on an Echo Dot in out kitchen, but because I already get YouTube Music Premium for free (I pay $10/mo for ad-free YouTube and YouTube Music Premium is included), I don't pay for Prime Music and the free Amazon music selection is pretty terrible. But, I thought maybe I could figure out a use for the half-price Echo Auto. I couldn't. It literally does nothing I'd really like for it to do, and just clutters up the car with cords. Even when I initially tried to use it, it would never stay connected, rarely understood me, etc. It just made really easy chores really frustrating. I literally couldn't find a single use for it, especially since it wouldn't even let me open my garage door or turn off my alarm with my voice. It's been sitting in a junk drawer since week 1. Epic fail and a waste of money.	1	March 8, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As others have reported, there are problems with the Echo Auto.  It works well WHEN IT WORKS.  I have to reset it every time to TRY to use it to drop in. Frustrating  and time consuming, not the safe and convenient use I expected.  But when it works, I  am  happy with it.	3	September 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great way to add Alexa's music and podcast abilities to a car.  It can hear me better than my phone can, and can do a lot of things that I struggled to do with my Android phone because its microphones are so great.  However Alexa is using outdated maps when you ask it for the closest e.g. gas station, can't text on command, and can't continue a conversation the way Google can, so it doesn't quite replace Google Assistant.  Not yet, anyway.	3	February 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing primarily uses the internet for everything. I have the Audible app installed on my phone with books downloaded yet it streamed the same book through my network connection.  Same for Amazon music.  The mount is not great, it sits well but the cord guide is held on by some pretty weak adhesive that doesn't handle any kind of heat or cold.  An angled plug power cord would have been nice too. The upside is that it connected to my phone easily on the first try and has not had any issues since.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	its a good thing to have specially if you are into this kind of things, but is still at a very early stage, one thing that is a letdown for me is that is heavily relies on your phone, for me its common that the alexa app on the phone crashes and until that gets fixed the hardware wont work, and the support for alexa has been awful about this, the other part that is kind of tricky to figure out is the driving, like asking for directions to go home, specially with Waze is still a bit buggy	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It has a hard time connecting.  Sometimes I have to drive for a while before it connects, or I have to open my phone and open the app.  Twice now (for two days)  she wouldn't play music at all, she repeated what I asked, but then said the music would not play.  The main reason I bought it, was so I can play my amazon music and not have to fiddle with the phone, just ask her to play an artist or playlist, but am having a hard time connection and responding to play music.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Car Echo was not too bad to set up initially, but after my iPhone update I had to do it all over again and it wouldn’t pair correctly. I had to unplug overnight and it paired the next day. It frequently will “Pause” due to connectivity problems and I often have to keep repeating my command before it will work. Every time I turn off the car and get back in I have to ask Alexa to play the last station I listened to. If you are running errands and in and out of the car its a pain in the neck.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have switch to Bluetooth every time I need to use it.  Not convenient at all.	2	May 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Car	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got it for Christmas and I own a iPhone so I does the same stuff that Siri does kind of useless for me but it does work good maybe if they made it work with apple play or android play radios I would like it better	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like Alexa but the echo auto doesn’t have features that my other Alexa at home does. And it’s starting to make a static noise. When I ask Alexa to set an alarm or something it just says “sorry I wasn’t able to do that” or when I ask her how long to my destination she doesn’t really know because she say I don’t have location on my Alexa app but I do. I wish they would put more features on the Echo Auto, that would make it much more worth it.	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	In the instructions it stated that it can do bluetooth or aux. So i was thinking that the alexa itself had blue tooth. It does not. You have to connect to the bluetooth of your car so that the alexa can control your phone? i dont even understand why i would have the alexa if i had to buy a bluetooth adapter for the car. I am very dissapointed in this product and that does not happen often.	2	November 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have echos and echo dots everywhere in the house. Why not in the car?  The problem is it is so inconsistent in connecting. It goes in and out and sometimes picks me up and sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it just resets for what appears to be no reason. Sometimes it works perfectly. But it is incredibly frustrating when we're on a road trip and the kids who already have a short attention span have to wait for echo to reconnect in the car. Hopefully it will get better with time. Until then...	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Constantly disconnects or doesn't understand me.  Way less efficient than just using Bluetooth to listen to podcasts. Disappointed, but at least the free Amazon Unlimited Music was worth the price.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've owned the device since it first came out this year. I had some initial problems with it maintaining its bluetooth connection which really never cleared up completely. I have gone weeks with it functioning some what okay, but it never lasts. Within the last two weeks it has became completely nonfunctional. It says it has lost its connection with the Alexa app. All my attempts to reconnect it have failed. I truly wish it would perform as expected.*using the Amazon online support for this product I was able to resolve my latest issue with the echo auto.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes the Bluetooth takes 5-10 mins to connect to my car Bluetooth, which is really frustrating as the device is supposed to be hands-free. When it does work, however, it is a great device.	3	June 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Using this for a road trip for the first time I was really disappointed. It kept dropping out and Alexa would say ""I can't get on the Network, Please try again later"". This kept happening  even though I had a 3 and 4 bar signal on my phone. I was in southern Illinois and even in St Louis when this would happen. It is very hard to hear Alexa when she is talking through the auto device. This would be a solid five star rating if it wouldn't continuously lose network connection."	2	September 10, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me start by saying that I love it and it does make my driving easier. Than let me say at times it frustrates me. I have 1 and only 1 complaint; the blue tooth. Alexa tells me that she is not connected to my phone when it is. My phone will show it connected and the app is running. I have to reboot Alexa when this happens. It does not happen all the time but it does happen a few times a day. More so than not. I'm hopping it will be corrected in a upcoming software update.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You can tell they are still working out the bugs  . But once they do it will be a 5 star plus product.  I do use it daily and only about 30 percent of the time do I actually have to do things manually	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's the best hands-free device for my car, however, there seems to be a problem with the ""speaker"".  I have to turn on either ""MY Carkit"" or ""Android Auto"" for people I've called to hear me or to hear responses from Alexa.  But it's not consistent, so it's very frustrating and dangerous trying to figure out how to get the speaker to work correctly.  But when it does work, it's great.  Would love it if Alexa would open apps on the phone, as well."	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m not able to set it up. It works on my phone but doesn’t link to the echo.	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It may seem incongruous to rate features ""4"" but overall ""3"", but the discrepancy comes from the inconsistent connectivity the unit exhibits.  We've had to renew the connection several times because the unit ""forgets"" our phones.  The problem could occur because both my wife and I have connections to the device, but once the connection is re-established, things work well for a while until the need to re-connect recurs.  It's great having the functionality when the device works, but the problem needs to be addressed to improve reliability."	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Product mics are great. But you can't change the wake word with is frustrating and if your phones signal drops for a second there can be a little bit for the phone to reconnect.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Alexa Auto is very useful so I can access my subscriptions and provide access to personalized features like directions. My favorite intent is ""Alexa find me the closest gas station"", Alexa replies with, ""The nearest gas station is 2.1 miles on 196th St. Would you like me to take you there?"". The drawbacks are (1) I could not get it to work with the car audio so it goes through the phone, and, (2) It is sensitive to voices coming from Audible when played in the car, so we turn it off."	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had the Alexa Echo Auto for a few weeks.  I haven't used it much because it keeps losing connectivity.  I am not very impressed and may send it back.  It's sad because I have several Echos in my house, which I love.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No se pudo conectar nunca con mi BMW no se conecta con mi celular y no pude regresarlo ya que Amazon no me da esa opción solo dice que no pueden conectarse por qué experimentan problemas no lo recomiendo primero verifiquen si su auto es compatible si no no sirve de nada	1	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes it automatically connects to bluetooth when I start my car, sometimes I have to connect manually. Glad I paid the Prime Day price instead of the full price	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of this product but......why all the cords? It is wonderful when it works. I can listen to all of my favorite songs for about 30 min. then it glitches out or will not respond and I’m left shouting ALEXA! Sometimes it makes me set it up all over again which is frustrating. Did I mention all the cords?? I am hoping this will get a redesign because Alexa in the car is kind of awesome and would be even cooler with a screen with driving directions.	3	December 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me start by saying, I am an alexa fanatic. I’m talking my home is a smart home. Smart light bulbs, Alexa’s everywhere, etc.amazon auto: if you have a newer car with hands free system, you don’t need this. I have a 2015 Honda and the voice commands are not great. But I could still use them. The only thing I’ve found alexa auto useful for is being able to play certain songs who’s driving, changing the song, or telling her who to call. That’s about it.If you ever unplug it, just like any other amazon device, you have to reconnect the entire thing.Oh and the “dock” for it is so bulky and you will have a wire dangling from it to your USB plugin.AMAZON FIX THIS PLEASE. WHY DON’T YOUR DEVICES HAVE ANY TYPE OF WIRELESS LIFE. I have like 6 of these things and everytime the electricity goes out I have to reconnect every. Single. One. Just so I can use my god damn Samsung light bulbs. Do better.	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is a useful, but bug-prone little device that seeks to bring Alexa to the car.  My biggest problem with the Auto is the slowness to the connection to my phone's network.  While the auto connects to my phone's bluetooth quickly, it does not access the network (and, therefore, Alexa's capabilities) with the same speed.  This is frustrating because as soon I get in my car and turn it on, I want Alexa to be responsive, but often it's faster if I just use my phone manually to setup my music or book or map.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have Alexa control much of my house so I was very happy to receive this device. I installed it in my 2018 Hyundai Santa Fe that has Sirius and Android connectivity. I was excited to show it to other people, but it constantly disappointed me. This device never worked properly. I called customer support and they recommended a few things I should do to improve performance, but it just won't maintain internet connection, which it constantly drops. When it does connect it works perfectly, but that's more NOT than often. I live in a suburban Florida community, so maybe that's the problem, or maybe it's my T-Mobile network, which I usually don't have a problem with. I'm thinking it may be my Android Auto app, which I'm not willing to give up because I use it's nav constantly. Regardless, I do not recommend this product until it's improved. I've regretfully given it up.UPDATE Nov 23rd: I was almost immediately contacted by Amazon customer service regarding this review. They say that the problem is not with the Echo device (although indirectly, it is). It appears that Echo Auto is completely dependent on my phone to operate correctly, which I knew, and since I presently have a Samsung J7 they are not compatible. So now I need to decide if I want to upgrade to a more expensive phone to get this to work. At this time, I'm keeping the 1-star rating	1	November 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love having Alexa in the vehicle but it is really frustrating when it won't synk which is alot of the time.	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works half the time and the other half you're trying to hook your phone up to it.  What a mess..  Don't get it.	1	October 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Edit: I discovered that this allows me to hear navigation on the phone and the radio in a car without media Bluetooth. That is useful to me. Recently, it fell off the dash onto a lovely soft carpet and broke. I mean, every support secured by a screw broke. Nothing is holding it together except gravity. It still functions without the screws. I'm considering using duct tape to secure it. Do you think BMW would like the image of a 328i with duct tape on the dash? Yeah, me neither.===== Original =================This is funny/not funny.Amazon asks how good the voice recognition, Alexa integration, and Bluetooth connectivity are. They fail to ask if the device serves any real purpose.It does not.All the functions can be fulfilled with the Alexa app on your phone. This thing is about as useful as ""blinker fluid,"" or changing the air in your tires, or greasing the muffler bearings.It costs more in time, etc., to return it than it is worth. What were they thinking?"	1	June 5, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I gotta tell yah, well done Amazon, well done.  I’ve had this for a week and let me say in the 10 total minutes I was actually able to use it, it was exciting.  When I can’t connect to the app, which is 95% of the time, I just imagine what it would be like to really tap into its potential.  I stood in my garage the other day because I was connected to WiFi and had a little taste.  It was epic.  The app isn’t a complete disaster but it’s close.  Every single app on my phone works when I’m not connected to WiFi, except......you guessed it, the amazon Alexa app.  What a brilliant way to infuriate me further on my daily commute.  You’ve outdone yourself this time Amazon.  If you like frustration, anger and wasting your time.  This is absolutely the product for you.  Thanks Amazon.  Keep doing what you do.	2	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I did not care for the fact that I could not do talk to text with this device or that this device could not read me my text messages. Also, it just looked awkward on the dashboard of my Dodge Journey, perhaps it is more ergonomically functional for some car models than others. I wanted to LOVE having Alexa in my car but for the price, Alexa on my phone does all of the same things and in my opinion, it was not worth it.	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Do I get tired of hearing: ""Your Echo Auto has lost connection with your phone""? Yes, I get very tired of hearing that. Then ""When you have a chance, go to your Alexa app and add a new device"" which means you need to re-install the echo auto, AGAIN. I have gone through this MANY MANY MANY TIMES (are you getting the drift?). I have called Amazon help many times. Uninstall, unplug, forget, re-install, over and over again. BUT, when it works, it's great. I hope they come out with the next generation soon, and I hope it is much better."	2	June 18, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This device is unrefined.  You have to yell at it frequently or grab it and talk into it.  It's hard to find a spot to place it that is within 12"" of your mouth.  At that distance it works ok.  It also has an annoying behavior of beeping  (unlike the dot)  after  you say Alexa...etc.  Otherwise if it hears you, it's response is good and it's female voice through the car's audio system sounds great."	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s really spotty on if it’s going to work or stay working. It randomly loses connection with my phone and it’s to the point that I don’t know if I even want it anymore. I’m a little disappointed, our house is an Amazon house. We have 3 echos and a kids one I thought this would be a great addition and so far it’s not. Also I hope they come out with another way to mount bc the current mount is sooo ugly and non Feng shui lol	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this because my kids love their Echo Dots in their bedrooms for Freetime to read books to them, play games, listen to all their music, etc. In the description Echo Auto makes you think you have an Echo in your car. No you do not. You basically have a Bluetooth connection to the Alexa on your phone. For that it does work, but not what I was hoping or what I think we all would like to have.	3	March 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It plays music great.  It does not test unless the person has Alexa also. I returned it c  see use I wanted to be able to text hands free I have to go back to Siri	3	April 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When echo auto stays connected to my phone it works great and is everything I hoped for.  Unfortunately I have a hard time getting echo auto to stay connected to my phone.  It seems like if it isn’t a full signal it losses connection and unfortunately where I live the connection isn’t always full signal.  Also, the vent mounting clip does not work in my car (2012 Audi A6) because the mount is too high and knocks the auto off every time the screen for the backup camera comes up.	3	November 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I ordered this with great expectations. We use the Our Groceries app to keep lists for a whole lot more than groceries. Seems like I always think of things while driving. Thought it was going to be great to add items while driving. That app worked great. BUT and this is a big one, the device takes over your stereo system via Bluetooth. Forget about listening to anything else while this is connected.I wish I had returned it. Hoping maybe seeing all the negative reviews, Amazon will update how it works in future releases.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While I’m hopeful that there will be improvements on future models and I really like the idea of the auto echo I feel like the devise is not up to the standards of other devices in the echo line. The voice recognition is poor and often I’m repeating commands several times, or I give up. I intermittently do long drives and it seems like the device shuts down after about 30 minutes. Also the vent holder is a piece of junk. Don’t bother with it. Every time there is a bump it falls off. Hopefully awaiting version two .....	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I see how this device could have been cool, but if you use apple car play there is really no point, the device uses Bluetooth to run so if you play music threw apple car play it doesn't work. Also why cant Alexa send texts?!? that was the main reason I purchased this thing, for connectivity its extremely simple, if you have the Amazon Alexa it connects automatically if your Bluetooth is on. overall Id say a 3/10	2	November 27, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was invited to try the Alexa auto. Disclaimer: I gave up on Alexa about two years ago when I bought a google home which surpassed the echo by a LONG shot. However, the echo auto is something I was missing for my 2009 Camry. I received the item and when I tell you I have gone through the setup process than using the actual product, I mean it. Initially the set up would quit in the middle and when it would complete, Alexa wouldn’t listen to me. She would respond and shut off before I got a word in. Extremely frustrating. I spoke with customer service and they stated this was a common issue so..I assumed it would be fixed. Fast forward two weeks, Alexa got an update and finally will listen to me for more than a second...the first time. Now every time I get in the car, she reminds me she can’t connect to my phone HOWEVER I can play Spotify music to the Auto if I manually change the output on the Spotify app.LASTLY, when I asked for directions it wanted me to use Apple maps, which I removed the movement I bought my phone.My final thoughts, it’s cool when it works. They should fix these bugs and for heavens sake, use google maps or Waze.Update: there is a way to change the default navigation but this is useful if Alexa actually listens...	1	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m disappointed that I can’t use this as an auxiliary or even BlueTooth backup to my normal XM radio. I have to run it thru BlueTooth in BlueTooth selection mode (vs XM radio), so I can only listen to songs by getting Alexa to play an XM station (I have that capability online) or something on my phone. Very disappointed. And, it took a long time to get it set up with my Nissan Murano. I’m keeping it as it was only $35, not because I like it.	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I used for at least 4 months, but telling it songs to play isn't as easy as you would think. She doesn't always recognize the voice or song or know the artist or song. Too frustrating to use, stopped paying for the service. Might just end up throwing it away as its more of a pain than changing the radio stations. Also kept falling off of the air vent	3	June 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased in July 19, 19 and had some early success.  For the past 6 months I have lost connection several times with no pattern noted.  Loss of connection while traveling is a real pain and reinstall while moving is only for the foolish. I hate Siri but at least it works.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the Amazon Alexa devices and we have one in just about every room of my home.  So I jumped at the chance to buy the vehicle one when they were released.  We only had problems with it.  It just wouldn't connect very well with any of our phones.  The car it was in has Bluetooth and our phones connect just great every time we get in the car.  The Echo Auto would just keep trying to connect.  Even when it would connect, it would take forever for it to respond.  Also, it would pick horrible times to connect, such as when I am in a conversation on my phone it would randomly connect to my phone and mess up my call.  Now it has been thrown in some drawer where it will stay.	2	June 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted so badly to love this. When i first got it in the mail i was so excited to put it in my car. However, my happiness was quickly diminished.It isn’t horrible. It does some of things it’s supposed to do. I think after some updating that it could be a really awesome product, but as of right now, it is not.Specific issues i’ve been having:-Alexa sometimes stops listening while i’m talking to her-Doesn’t stay connected to my spotify at all times, and I usually have to unplug and replug it for it to work-sometimes just does not understand what i’m trying to stay, and i’ve had to pick up my phone while driving which is exactly what i’ve tried to avoid with this product-makes music quieter after I ask a question and she answers it. so basically, when she stops talking she doesn’t turn the music back upi really hope this product gets better. but i am so disappointed	2	November 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this because I wanted Alexa in my car. I have several products at home and they all work fine. This is by far Amazon worst Alexa product. The execution is beyond poor. First setting this up in my car was a chore in itself . The direction are confusing and took several attempts before it was properly connect, unlike setting up alexa at home which is seamless.2nd. It doesn't connect with your car once you turn off your engine. Each time you start the car it connects to Bluetooth which is awesome but its always trying to connect Alexa.  You have to manually open the Alexa app confirm you are a passenger then it will connect and start working . This defeats the purpose of handsfree.3rd. It's doesn't always hear you which is odd as its right in front of you. You tell it one thing and it does something to the point where you literally screaming at alexa looking crazy in your car.4th it's bulky with too many cords it make your dashboard looks a hot mess. This could have easily been a device that sit in your cigarette lighter basically it takes up too much real estate. This system needs a complete overhaul and it need to be more user friendly. The idea is good but it was rushed to market . On a scale of 1-10 I'm giving an E for effort.	1	January 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is nice to stream my music from Alexa .  Simple questions like Weather.  Making a call is crazy.  It takes about 3 or 4 commands... compared to my after market Stereo-- push a button and say a name.Using it with Bluetooth is a bit of hit or miss.  It works Ok when it works, but you have to restart the App too often and sometimes the Iphone has problems being connected to both my car and this device.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The best thing about this device is steaming music through my bluetooth in my car. The sound quality is actually much richer and clearer than my Maserati's own sound system	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'll start by saying I love Amazon products. I have multiple Alexa gadgets and Fire TVs. The Alexa Auto however is a complete fail for me. At first I thought it was due to the rural area I live in.  I occasionally have spotty cell service where Alexa would lose connection. I was excited to get on the highway for a long road trip where I never have issues with cell service.  I was sadly disappointed. Over 300 miles I lost track of the number of times Alexa stopped working or lost connection. I gave it 3 more trips before finally deciding I needed to write a review.  As my phone is within a foot or so of Alexa, the connection should never be lost. As for it stopping , I have no explanation. It would stop in the middle of a song and nothing I did would get it to continue playing, restart, answer questions etc. Once it stopped it would be completely useless. Powering it down and restarting the app only worked occasionally. Typically it took 2 or 3 times before it would show up as online.When Alexa did work and stayed connected, everything functioned as it should have, making for a pleasant but short lived experience.  I hope Amazon can get the bugs worked out of this. I'd love to be able to have it replace my satellite radio.	1	December 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I HAD HOPED THIS DEVICE WOULD WORK LIKE MY OTHER ONE DID (NOT AN AMAZON PRODUCT), BUT UNFORTUNATELY MY CAR IS TOO OLD AND DOES NOT HAVE WI-FI CAPABILITY, SO THERE IS NO WAY I CAN USE IT EXCEPT THROUGH MY PHONE. THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE.  I TRIED TO USE ANOTHER WI-FI SPEAKER BUT IT KEEPS SHUTTING OFF AND HAS TO BE PAIRED EACH TIME I GET IN THE CAR. I CANNOT DO THIS. SORRY. IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT, I JUST AM NOT ABLE TO GET IT WORKING IN MY CAR DUE TO ITS AGE (2005)	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Voice  recognition is pretty goood, but the holder is  poor quality. The cable holder lasted ...1 hour...Bluetooth has a noticeable metallic noise :(	3	August 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this hoping it would (a) work with my car and (b) enable me to setup some routines that would allow me to integrate it with our Smart House (run by Alexa). It doesn't do either well.1) Doesn't work with a 2016 Subaru Outback and a iPhone 8.  It was a constant battle with blue tooth and the iPhone direct connect. Neither would work properly. I ended up having to disable the phone blue tooth to the car to get a minimum level of functionality. iPhones don't have an audio connector, so that option is useless.2) Voice recognition. Very sluggish. Unlike every other Alexa device we own you have to wait for the tone. Several seconds. Like Siri only worse. Didn't get to try on the road (because of the other problems).3) Routines are limited. You can't unlock any locks, so a welcome home routine doesn't work.  I did try an Android device, and it worked once, then the Alexa car quit talking to it as well. This was the #1 reason I wanted to try this, to help me open gates/garage doors and turn on lights when I get home.4) Quality is poor. The vent holder started falling apart less the day after it was installed (cable clip came unstuck).I suppose if I had an older car with no integration options this might work, but not for what I have or wanted.	1	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Once I got this connected it worked pretty well.  Lots of capabilities that I do not yet know about but first impressions are pretty good.  Listen to music, used the map function and ready to start trying more functions out.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was so excited to get Alexa help in the car, but it does not work like the normal echo products.  First, there is a significant lag between when you use say ""Alexa"" to it answering.  Then, it is unable to answer most questions.  I am not sure if it is a voice recognition problem, but about the only thing it seems capable of is putting on particular music from Spotify, Pandora, etc. and telling you the weather.  I have asked many basic questions, store opening times, addresses, etc. and it replies ""sorry, I don't know that one"" or gives you a non-responsive answer.  Not worth the money."	2	March 14, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"First:  I love having Alexa onboard for when I drive.  Alex responds well for sending texts, making calls, etc.  What I don't like is 100% of Alex responses are cut off.  Alexa device never finishes a response:  it is cut off in mid-stream no matter how I try to make adjustments on the configuration.  For simple things that does not matter:  ""Alexa, play [artist name] on Amazon Music"", etc.  But when sending a text there can be multiple questions to be answered from Alexa, and if the question is cut off in mid-stream, then it can become useless.  I will be more than happy to come back and do another review once this has been fixed, but for now:  I sometimes wish that I did not purchase this device for my vehicle.  Conceptually, a great idea.  Physically:  a pain.  The only reason that I don't send it back is that I'm confident that Amazon has a fix on the way soon."	2	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am still uncertain, so I'm starting with 3 stars. I am certain, as is with most of the Amazon Echo family, that I may not be using it to it's fullest potential. I'll have to play more and update later. I do wish it didn't add another cord. Ugh!	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's fine. I mostly listen to podcasts through Stitcher when I drive and it's easier to just go through the Stitcher app before I drive off than ask this to try to find the next podcast on my list. Also, with Audible it will only play at 1.5x and I like to listen to most books at 2x as the Audible app itself let's me do. It does okay on directions and the weather report. Only paid $25 for it but I don't think it is worth paying more than that.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product works as expected I guess except I don't like the cord running from the 12v outlet to the Echo.  It is also unhandy to have to change the input every time you with to use the unit.  Perhaps I will figure out why I need this, but so far I am not sure.  I only ordered as I was curious and it was half price as part of an Amazon promotion for early users with an invite. Used it once.  Maybe they will come out with a cool feature that will make it worthwhile.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I never write negative reviews, but this is the worst amazon product ever. I love Alexa. I was so excited for this. My kids were too. It is horrible. “When” it decides to work, it is nice. But you never know when that will be - it causes more frustration that anything else. Never even tried using it for directions because my phone gives me directions just fine and doesn’t lose connection constantly. And the cords all over are super annoying - I feel like they could do better there. Additionally it does something wonky with my phone where my calls will be connected to the echo in my car while I am inside my house and I can’t hear anyone until I disconnect the Bluetooth manually every single time (it automatically connects though again)... this also happens with Marco Poloor watching a video on my phone etc - anything with audio. It is just a really annoying product that is super finicky and testy. Love the idea in theory, but the theory didn’t transfer to product. Back to the drawing board on this one amazon - total fail. I kept giving it chances and watching YouTube videos to hopefully figure out how to make it work better so now return window is closed. I would wait for a new version and then wait for lots of great reviews before buying because this is a flop :(	1	November 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The vent clip does not appear to be compatible with my car. I installed the vent clip and the device sits on the clip, but it is not level. You can't really see the light on the device. All you see are the two buttons on top. I have only been able to get it to play music through Pandora and Amazon music, but it doesn't play all my songs. I haven't had an opportunity to test out directions on it yet. So far, it's not what I expected. I could have used my phone and got the same results.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Don't care for the wire hanging from the dashboard.  Will have to have my granddaughter get it working.  I followed the directions and still can't make it work.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Cannot get products to run in my 2014 Honda CRV in the USB drive	3	September 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was really excited to have this in the car, but half the time it doesn't want to work. It won't always connect saying my phone isn't connected to the internet even though it clearly is. Other times it will hear, but not perform the action. Other times, after I've given up and used my regular music it decides to wake up and will start playing  randomly. It's gets annoying especially when I'm driving. The last thing I want to do is be distracted while driving trying to troubleshoot. It definitely needs some kinks worked out.	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this for our 2008 Tahoe that doesn't have Blue Tooth. The reason for 3 stars is that I didn't realize the radio had to be on AUX to use Alexa. A lot of cord mess - one into the aux port and one into the lighter/charger. It was a pain to set up, with the volume inaudible. After Googling the issue, I had to change some random output settings on my Alexa app to get it to work.  When all plugged in, it worked great.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So it connects to your phone and your phone to your car but if you stop and use your phone for something (say to use mobile pay in a drive thru) it totally messes up the integration and you have to start over. It frequently can't answer questions like an echo do can and we've essentially switched to Android auto.If you don't have a newer car with integration built in this would be a good hands free option but it's not up to par with the home systems.(Running on a brand new galaxy s20fe with unlimited high speed internet in a good coverage area.)	2	April 5, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was very hard to set up, I could not get it to sync to my phone. I have to switch to the media option to make it work. Also, occasionally it will say it cannot connect to the internet. When it works it’s great	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great idea but not sure that it’s ready for prime time yet. Main issue is its responsiveness to voice commands. Without exception, every time the powers comes on, it fails to respond to the first command, even though the light comes on and the appropriate tones sound. In general, it responds successfully about 50-70% of the time. (I should note that I’m a long-time in-home echo user.) How much the misfires are due to background noise inherent inside a car I don’t know. Bottom line: not very reliable but when it works nice to have.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As much as I was wanting this to be helpful.It's more of a pain!Barley ever gets what u want, right.It's all threw your phone, so if u don't have service. No Alexa!	1	September 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Cannot get it to work for me. Do you have to have bluetooth in the car, or just on your phone like it have. I tried it just wouldnt work.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Eco Auto matched my expectations as far as it goes it did pretty much what was stated, and it should improve as they update it.  The only thing I have a problem with is the air vent mount that comes with it. The rubber that helps guide the power wires had come off the mount, while in shipping, the glue that was on it was tacky but definitely not strong enough to hold. It's not much of a problem I reglued the rubber with a different adhesive and so far it has held up. I was concerned about the rubber that holds the mount to the vent too but it looks to be held on by a revet so it seems okay.UPDATE: Right now thinking of removing all Amazon Echo devices constant network issues across the board. Resetting solves the problems but two to three times a week is unacceptable. No problem with other devices including Google Mini, which is now my goto device. I have did every troubleshooting recommendations no results	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Easily the worst of the echo products. This device has a terrible time staying connected to your phone and buffers like the old dial up connections in the 90’s. I have ordered a second, hoping that the first device was defective, but up to this point I can not recommend this device.	2	February 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got this for half the cost and still unsure it's even worth that. Got it for the same reason most do, to easily play music and say the specific songs you want as well as my kids. It disconnects alot though and instead of jumping in the car and going then easily using it she says she can't connect to my phone or my phone is not connected to internet when it is. I have to unplug and plug it back in once or twice for it to work again. Very frustrating	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing has such great potential.Pros:Super easy to connectSmall in size and flat so easy to placeThe microphones do a great job of picking up your voice.Works nicely to turn on lights when I’m close to home. No more dark porch when getting out of the car or having to fumble for the app to turn the lights on.Cons:Does not work with kevo to unlock or lock my doors like the echos inside the house will.Would be nice if it did have a small rechargeable battery.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have an older vehicle so difficult to tie in the Bluetooth I have to shut off the connection to my phone in order to work it and then do it in reverse when I want to use the phone	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its OK. Not as responsive as my Echo Dot.  Seems to not be as intuitive. Also, can't change the wake up word. Only responds to Alexa. 60% of the reason I bought it was because I thought I'd be able to change that to the same word as the Echo Dot I have at home.	3	September 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is okay for long driving trips playing games with Alexa. But it didnt always want to work. And couldn't understand us half the time. I don't even really bother with it anymore.	3	May 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I start my car it takes too long for the echo to boot up and be useful. I am several blocks into my commute before I can get Alexa to respond. Not only this but I don't like that I have to have the bluetooth app on for it to work. For example if I am listening to XM radio, echo will not respond to commands until I activate Bluetooth which stops my XM. Then I have to manually go back to XM.Other than this it is pretty much the same as my home echo.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is a cool concept but there’s plenty of issues with connectivity that doesn’t make it to work smooth. Initial setup was ok, second use and above were terrible. It doesn’t synchronize properly, it always required some sort of action on your mobile device to make it work. Maybe will get better on the future but my experience was not that good.	3	July 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this as a gift, and I was excited for it to be a way to integrate everything.It seems to have difficulty with navigating me to the right location, even when I give name, city, and street, it will provide me with a different place with a name and street.It struggles to operate my smart home hub.I really wish it had buttons for me to start a podcast and fast forward/skip like my previous Bluetooth connector.The call quality when I am talking with somebody has been terrible so far	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to love this device because I love the Echo Dot and Echo Tap so much, but the connectivity problem is an issue when using this.  When it works, it is awesome because you have Alexa voice command, but when it loses connectivity, it does not work.  I will continue using the device and because when it works, it is pretty great if you enjoy Amazon's other products. I feel the $50 price point is a bit much (because of the connectivity issues) and would think $35ish would be better.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like using a product for awhile before making any kind of review on it.  I have multiple echo products and have nothing but good things to say about them.  The echo auto was the first major disappointment I have experienced.  I was excited when I was invited to try the product and initially for the first month it worked well despite a little difficulty with the initial setup.  When it did work, it did everything like the echo home products.  However week five to six, there were connections problems and then the unit crapped out completely.  I am fortunate I only paid half the price it is today ($24.99).  I am hopeful a next generation product will be developed besides full integration of Alexa into the car.  This first generation product missed the quality the other echo products currently have including the first gen echo.	2	March 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Oh man, I'm not sure where to start.  I really wanted to to enjoy the Echo Auto but to be honest, it falls sooooo short.  Every time I try to give it another shot, I end up just giving up because there is always something that starts acting buggy.  This product in my opinion is far from being released to the public.  Even me being an Engineer, struggle to make it usable.Things that drive me nuts : 1) Alexa voice keeps cutting off when she starts talking  2) Doesn't work with Spotify (randomly I will hear the song I requested minutes ago)  3) Going between AUX and Bluetooth mode is a total headache  4) At times Alexa is totally unresponsive, she just keeps thinking  5) I've probably had to uniinstall and reinstall Echo Auto like 10 times thinking this would fix it.HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT BUYING THIS!  It's a great idea but soooo far from being ready for mass use.	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't want my phone notifications going through the echo AT ALL.  I don't want my phone calls going through my echo EVER.  I usually listen to the radio therefore all my phone audio is not heard on my phone or in my car.  Thanks amazon for this oversight and the lack of meaningful settings.	3	August 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Half of the time echo does not respond (even when it says “device connected”).  Sometimes ,when asked to play a song, it responds saying that my phone is connected to another device on Bluetooth and won’t play the song through the speakers in my car.  When it works I enjoy it.	2	February 4, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The three star rating is mainly due to the fact that it relies on the data/wifi connection of your phone to work. I could have a two or three bar LTE connection on my phone and the echo auto will still struggle to connect to the network in any capacity.  However, there are moments when it works flawlessly. Great sound quality via the AUX port in my Ford Focus and picks up almost everytime I say ""Alexa"""	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought having Alexa in the car would be special...It will take some getting used to.  I listen to XM Satellite in the car but in order to use Alexa you have to switch to bluetooth.  Sure you can us the XM app through bluetooth but you have to remember the stations to tell Alexa to switch to.  I am going to use it next month on a road trip to see if it does better.  In addition she does not give directions well.  Has a hard time hearing the address provided.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have been waiting for this thing forever.  I finally got it free because I have Nationwide Insurance.  I ran right out and installed it in my car.  It works fine, nothing earth shattering, but it only answers to Alexa, and all of my many other Echoes answer to Echo.  So I say something to it, and nothing happens.  Then I remember...growl...and ask Alexa whatever it was.  I just can't believe I can't change it to Echo (or computer...whatever you are used to!).	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa is a fickle wench.  Sometimes the device detects my phone when I enter the car and the two talk to each other fine.  Other times, Alexa whines that I need to activate the app on my phone before she will acknowledge it - kind of defeats the purpose - I could just use an Aux cable with my phone and open Pandora manually every time.Alexa also assures me she is fetching driving directions after confirming the address I have requested.  Then she does not say another thing about it at all. I am left hanging and I have to interact with my phone to get Google to deliver on what she promised.Much like connecting my cellphone to the stereo with aux or bluetooth directly the volume of music is also dictated by the lower volume that my phone helpfully sets to protect my ears while playing back music.  I have to whip out the phone and manually override that each time.	2	November 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product was great. But now it will not connect bluetooth with my phone for some reason. Another problem was it was draining my phones battery like crazy always playing music even when the car was off and I wasn't even close to the device. The customer service is absolutely amazing they contacted me immediately and helped me fix the bugs in the app and settings on my phone. I cant say enough on the customer Service they were awesome!	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have many Alexa variations.  Not great integration with my newer car that has Carplay. (To be fair this is pointed out in the description)  Buggy.  Needs more integration development across the spectrum.  Best part about it is that the mike recognition and easy button push. Might be useful for long car rides.  The Alexa app works good enough in my car and doesn’t require a power cable taking up a USB port. Hoping for some decent software upgrades in the future.	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s so buggy. Most of the time i’m not able to use it  because it doesn’t accept requests/commands. I have to switch my bluetooth on and off multiple times just to make it work. Also even if my phone is already connected to the internet, the device prompts that there’s no internet connection.  Another problem I encountered with the echo auto is that there are times when it keeps on losing bluetooth connectivity with my phone. Voice recognition also sucks. I have to repeat the command multiple times until alexa correctly executes it. Hope they can fix these issues in future updates.	2	April 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Connects fine to phone and car through bluetooth.  Problem is it is very unreliable when giving it commands.  I can ask several times to play music but it just pauses for 5 seconds, beeps at me, and turns off.  Plus sometimes even though it is connected it tells me i have to manual open alexa app on phone to reconnect.  Kinda messed up being hands free if i have to mess with my phone to use it.  Works great otherwise.  Pairs great with music playing and map function at same time	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t like the sound quality. Treble and bass are diminish	2	May 19, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not worth it in my opinion. First off, with the air vent mount it makes it horrible looking. Huge and all in the way. And the cord hanging drives me crazy. Second, it hardly picks up my voice. Playing games on this sucks because half the time it can’t hear you or mistakes what you say. Thirdly, it keeps losing connection. Every time I get in the car I have to unplug it and plug it back up and then again about every 15-20 minutes. So I pretty much just use it just to listen to music, which I was doing just fine with without one. Oh and also, the sticky part that holds the cord to the mount fell off the first day. If I could go back I wouldn’t have bought it. But now I am just going to try to work with what I have and maybe try and find somewhere to put it where I can tuck away the cord and get it off the vent.	2	October 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Anything you can do with your echo, you can do with Siri and possibly a better job. However, I bought this because it was on sale for $35 and I love my echo dot and my echo show that are strategically placed around my house for constant access to music, alarms and the like. The wake word I prefer is computer, it makes my Star Trek themed bedroom even more awe inspiring. What sucks about echo auto is that you cannot change the wake word to computer and Alexa keeps saying stuff like I don’t have a play list for some artists but then plays other artists. This doesn’t happen with my dot or my show and for reference I don’t have any playlists nor do I intend on making a playlist I just listen to random songs from my favorite artists.  Sound quality is fine it plays through your speakers. I might return it because I could just keep using Siri.	2	December 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Will wait to see if they get the kicks out. Biggest concern is if connected to in home security that it could fall into the hands of a thief. Cars always get broken into and I don’t want to think about it. Possible Extra security code For these functions.Also, I like getting into car and car Bluetooth automatically connects to pandora for my music, with echo auto I have to command it to play....every time. Say whatever U want but sometimes especially in the morning I need quiet time And no speaking.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is just not worth the time. I'm so glad I only paid $25 because I was part of the early program. I was so excited when I was accepted. I bragged to everyone I knew and was stoked, boy was I in for a surprise!The product worked, I think well, the very first time. I was able to get it all working within maybe 20 minutes all in my garage. I was so excited I went on a late night drive. Since then it has not reliably connected or worked. I've tried to repair to the app dozens of times in different settings. Most of the time it's not successful but every so often I get through the pairing process, however it disconnects within 30 seconds.IT IS NOT WORTH MY TIME. It's as simple as that. After maybe 7 hours of sitting parked on the side of a road, over the span of 4 days I give up. This product is not the typical Amazon product I've grown to love. I was going to return this but even that isn't worth my time.I am done trying with this product. I'm hopeful it's just my device, iPhone X, but at this point I don't even care.I would not recommend this and have been trying to give it away for free to people but no one wants it, lol.	1	October 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It actually works quite well execution wise. Getting directions via echo you have to tap a notification on iPhone which is a bit annoying but probably related to the api. The big piece was amazon music integration which works quite well. The reason why I won’t be using it regularly is the data consumption. It is a hog and used 1 gb of data in a week for what normally is 100 mb maybe using music and navigation independently. I don’t have an unlimited data and plan and won’t be using it regularly because of this.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device is quirky.  Unlike the home, plug-in Echo devices, this one loses connection often, which makes it somewhat unreliable when needed.  It seems like it was released too early.  More work is needed to make it a viable option for information while driving.  A major example of a problem, is that it can't even stay connected to the Bluetooth connection in the car; it has to re-connect oftenAlso, there are apps like Waze, and even Google Maps, that are always connected, and will bring up stores, gas stations, and other local information very reliably.  If they didn't, Amazon should confer with the manufacturer's of those devices to see how they did it so efficiently.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Alexa Auto needs me to stop and pair it to my phone almost every time I get in the car.  The frustrating thing is that it waits until I am actually driving to tell me, ""When it is safe, pair your Alexa Auto with your phone.""  If I could make the connection when I first enter the car, it would be almost acceptable. As it is, it is a problem.  Also, the sound is not the best.  I must still use the volume control to get the sound I need.  I do not bother to use Alexa for directions, as the device is far inferior to WAYZ or Google Maps."	2	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that it plays music without commercials or added dialog. I like that I can ask random questions and not have to use  my hands to get answers. I like that it is small and attaches magnetically so I can remove it when I am not in the car so it doesn't tempt theft, It is paired with my phone and I have not been able to pair it with my husbands phone so it only works when my phone is in the car. Overall I think it was a good investment for me.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Might be of more use in a vehicle that does not have satellite radio and built in navigator.I find having to use my phone to use the Echo Auto awkward and my phone only handles 3 bluetooth devices at a time, so my phone connection to my car and hearing aids often is impaired by Echo.I can use my phone alone to get maps and navigation directions and sirius XM, so why do I need the Echo Auto?A waste of money for me, but might be useful to someone else.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love all my Alexa machines and I really, really wanted to love this one too.  Alas, no such luck. First off, what’s with the cord?  I have knocked that darn thing off my vent about a million times already ( that is if it stays on the vent at all).I was so excited to hear Alex start up as soon as I opened my car door, but that’s all she did, start.  She has never connected in a reasonable amount of time, if it connects at all.  I get a lot of “ searching for your phone” or Sorry, lost connection”, even though it shows it is connected to my car and my phone.  Move on and just use the Alexa app on your phone.  It works much better.	2	August 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn’t interface well with the iPhone. Takes a long time to set up and get going. The vent mount is useless and keeps falling. Double stick works better.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I read a lot of negative reviews about echo auto and spotify.  I am able to connect to spotify and play my individual playlists.  However, it will not shuffle the songs.  So, I'm disappointed as I can shuffle spotify playlist songs on all of my other echo devices.	3	October 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was able after a few tries to add the device to my phone. It eventually recognizes when plugged in when the car starts up, but I don’t get farther than that. It is concerned with the volume level, but how to activate is still in question.	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am very much enjoying my Echo Auto, but some features are rather troublesome. I would play a song and almost like a cd of old, it skips at times. I’ve also noticed that it interferes w/ my other apps when I am driving and lowers the volume of my music to give priority to the other apps which have no permissions on my phone. I’m still learning how to beat use the echo auto, but this far these are the only things I’ve found annoying.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this with the purpose of being able to use maps and music even more hands free. However, neither of those two things are possible. I’m not sure what IS possible with this piece of plastic. I continuously try asking Alexa for things while driving, hoping that one day an update might have been done to make it better... no such luck. I ask her to play pandora and she usually “can’t at this time”. When she is successful, she only recognizes playing my very last station. It/she’s too dumb to know any other verbiage than an exact transcript which is nothing like how I or any normal person speaks. I have tried having her play iHeartRadio and she fails to do that. She’s a little better at playing amazon music, but only when she’s actually working/connected? I don’t really know what or why she can’t connect to whatever she needs to connect to to work. You would think that if you ask “Alexa, give me directions to...” that she could pull up your maps app or any maps app and give you directions to an address or nearest gas station, etc. she can’t. She doesn’t know the phrase. What I thought was going to be an awesome car piece is just a waste of money. Makes me glad I never bought into the dot or echo for my home. And I don’t plan to any time soon!!	1	November 21, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very poor connection. Had to reconnect from start each time I wanted to use it, then it would lose connection. I live in a rural setting, this may work better in an area with better Wi-Fi connection.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have spent hours trying to get Echo Auto to work (15 minutes at a time, searching YouTube, searching Amazon Help, etc.). Easily paired everything but I would talk to Alexa, she would do her wiggle light - but I couldn't hear her. Kept resetting the volumes. She could hear me, I cannot hear her. Phone and music work via Bluetooth on my 2014 Hyundai Santa Fe. I finally gave in and attached the auxiliary cord. Now I can hear Alexa! Only thing is...if there is music playing from the USB port, I need to physically change from USB Music to Auxiliary to use EA. Is my car too old to use Echo Auto through Bluetooth? What am I missing? Considering I need to change back and forth between medias and any lenghty use will eat up data minutes on my phone, it's going in a drawer. Thankfully, I received it for free from my car insurance company. Was Amazon giving EA away?	2	December 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was very excited to try the Amazon Echo Auto, as I love to stream music as I drive. The problem is reception. More often than not  I get very random responses to my requests, and it often just seems to ""freeze up"" with a solid blue line.When it works right, I love it. At one point, I was ready to throw it out the truck window. I wish I had waited to get the bugs fixed or another generation that may have worked better."	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Was excited to get offer to purchase early as we have Amazon products throughout our home.  Definitely a beta product and very frustrating.  You will be able to hear hits like ""Alexa has lost connection"" and ""pull over when safe to do so"".Spent quite awhile with customer service trying to troubleshoot and didn't provide any other ideas than what you can find online in forums.  Tried on different vehicles and still similar misgivings.One ""trick"" is to ensure the Alexa app is open on your phone before departing as it rarely works without doing so.  Worked part of the time on recent road trip.  Voice recognition tended to be issue unless radio was turned down to low level.Can steam all day long via Bluetooth connection on phone but once echo auto is thrown into the mix results were unreliable.  Definitely won't rush to get newer Amazon products until they've been tested and reviewed by others.  Hope your experience is better than ours."	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works well for asking questions.  Works when asking directions.  Integrated with the phone and was easy to get to work.  Biggest issue is you can't use it to play your audio books unless you have internet connection the whole time.  If you lose bars while driving your audio book stops playing.  Pretty ridiculous considering the audio book is already downloaded on my phone.  So should just play whether you had a connection or not.  The bluetooth doesn't go away.	3	November 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pros.The overall product is small and sleek. Connects to phone and car speakers relatively well.Cons.Most of the time Alexa cannot decipher what I am saying. If my car windows are up, she has no problem hearing me, but even with a window cracked open a little, I cannot communicate with her. I practically have to scream commands for Echo Auto to hear me.My vehicle is a 2013 Ford Escape SEL 4WD.The device is now sitting on a shelf collecting dust.Does anyone want a slightly used Echo Auto for cheap?	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited when I got an email saying I can actually get it (after ~6 months of waiting). The device looks solid and elegant. I have a 2018 JEEP compass with UCONNECT features. The connection was a bit edgy - still is -, but it works most of the time. My biggest no-go is that the device shuts down and restarts whenever my car's engine Start-Stop which a new regulation for ALL new vehicles. I think there should be a small battery that powers up the device just during the transition from Start-Stop.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My vehicle has Uconnect blue tooth in it. After connecting the echo auto and setting up it worked the first time. After that, I have had to pair the device manually every time since. In addition, I am not able to use voice texting with Echo auto which was what I was hoping for. My wife really likes it in her car, but her car has no blue tooth connection already in it. Seems like it doesn’t work as well when the vehicle already has a Bluetooth connection option.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While this device works like any other Amazon Alexa-Echo, to hear it an use it one must have the vehicle audio system set to the input the device is connected to which, if you listen to AM/FM or satellite radio, CD, AUX or any other input, the Echo device is unavailable.While it will look up places and locations, it needs to have Apple Air-Play or Android Auto capability and have access to the screen in the vehicle to display maps and directions. Maybe I missed this if it is available and hope to hear from others.Volume is another issue, at least in my vehicle. You must turn the volume way up to hear it and if you switch to the radio or other input, the volume is painful.Possibly once the bugs have been worked out and add the ability to use it when the audio system is on another input or off completely it will become more useful like the current Echo products.	2	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought it would be cool to be able to access Alexa in my car, but it didn't work the way it should. If I attached the device to a vent, there were wires everywhere and it blocked the air coming out of the vent. So I plugged it into the auxiliary port so that it would lay on the console, but then to use it, I had to switch my system to Auxiliary. And then, when it worked, it would skip the first half of the message. I'm really disappointed in this device.	2	July 29, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"an ""okay"" product. probably suited for cars with no android auto and apple carplay. Voice recognition is good. Sound quality is fair(no bass) but can connect it to your dash unit/speakers via the micro-usb connector.Needs a stable internet/mobile hotspot to connect it with when your driving."	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This was a nice addition to the Alexa family. It has a lot of nice features that can be used just like an Echo can in your home. It did have trouble understanding me in the car, especially when my AC was up high and caused noise interference. It also had a hard time understanding how to direct me to some local hot spots when I asked for directions. In short, it needs a few updates and needs to be able to hear you better in the car, but overall I am fairly happy with the purchase.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Was hoping it would pick up my voice better. It is also much slower to work than normal alexa, or a normal in-car assistant. Likely due to not being on WiFi... BUT it is impressive tech and I would still have bought if it I knew it would function like this. Excited for the next model!	3	September 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Good product. The reason behind 4 stars and not 5? When playing music, it plays through your phone and Bluetooth, no problem right?  Well, after you disconnect, the Alexa keeps pulling up the last song that you played and you can't get rid of it. Last time, I closed Alexa a dozen times and it still comes up again and again.  I had to reboot my phone to get the Alexa app to course.  Frustrating.	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had this for several months now and while it sounds great coming out of the car speakers it still lacks a smooth connection with the  Alexa app on my phone ( iPhone 7s) I believe It could be improved upon.  Sometimes she does not hear a given command when driving on the highway, i have to repeat myself several times before she acknowledges the command.  I love that I can request any songs while driving.  They need to work on several key features yet.	3	December 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I regret buying this product wholeheartedly. I STRONGLY advice no one buy this product!Firstly, I was stupid enough to buy the Amazon AuotEcho BEFORE reading the plethora of bad reviews and hoped my experience would differ from those who came before me. Alas, my hope was misplaced. Every point brought up by previous reviewers was realized with my experience. The Echo connected with my phone once and never connected again. For those unfamiliar with the way the AutoEcho works, it must connect to your phone to work. Therefore, it worked the first time I used it and NEVER worked again.So, naturally, I called Amazon customer support, which then proceeded to have me repeatedly unplug and plug in the Echo until it showed up in a list of available devices in the Alexa app on my phone. It never showed up in the half hour I spent on the phone with customer support. I told the representative that I had to go to work and could not continue this futile process.I’ve since not had time to waste calling customer support and will be returning the echo as soon as I get the opportunity.Don’t buy. Don’t buy. Don’t buy.Amazon, get it to work. I want Alexa in the car. But don’t make people pay to be your beta testers, because that is exactly how I feel!	1	December 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For all the cool ideas that could be done with this, having a specific device for Alexa is not nearly as cool as it seemed. The free mount is too bulky, the cable is pretty amazing and will last, the lights on Alexa are nice; but if it loses contact with your phone; which happens all the time; you have to set it back up again.It’s a good first gen; but has a lot to be desired still. If it wasn’t reliant on your phone, that would be awesome.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The functionality  of this is fine. The downfall is that my Sync 3 head unit in my F-150 is better as far as playing music and what not. The only reason that I would ever use this in the future is to maybe turn my lights on when I am on my way home, but not worth it to me. If you have an older car than this would be great for music because it syncs to your phone	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The item itself looks cool, but hiding the cords was a pain. Once installed, it basically does the same functionality that my phone already does... in fact, it uses your phone to connect to the internet. So all this thing does is basically allow for voice control... which again, if you have it set up on your phone already... what's the point?I still continue to try and use it anyway because I bought it... but it doesn't connect half the time, and the other half it doesn't pick up my voice as well as my phone or an in-home echo device does.The primary reason for the disconnections with my phone are because the app. If you close the app on your phone, chances are pretty good you will have to reconnect the device again. I have to close the app cause the Alexa app drains my battery... again, poor design.	2	March 3, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Bluetooth in my car doesn't work anymore so I had to use a auxiliary cable. It was a nuisance and in the way. Had to switch audio to auxiliary 2hen I wanted to use it...Not for me	1	September 8, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The main purpose of my purchase of this item was to be able to play MY music, from iTunes, through my car speakers.  This unit does NOT sync with your existing account in iTunes.	3	April 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like Alexa and was thrilled to see it available for the vehicle.  It has it's own speaker when you're setting it up, but here is no way to use as a standalone Alexa without buying another speaker.  I like to listen to the radio or Sirius.  I very rarely use Pandora, Prime music or Spotify, so the Auto Echo essential is useless.  I'd prefer to have it available with its internal speaker and use it for other things than just music.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to love this because I love having Alexa in my home. I find I rarely use this. In order for Alexa to hear/respond to you, you must be on the AUX mode (which makes sense because that’s where she’s plugged in) but if you’re listening to the radio, you have to switch it over before talking to her.Also the connection isn’t great. If you’re phone doesn’t have a sting connection, the quality streaming isn’t that great.Overall I find I rarely use it.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Useful item. But the accessories are ridiculously over priced. I am one of the invited and did not get a vent mount with my Echo Auto. I have to lay my Echo Auto on a small ledge on the dash of my car and worry that the sun does not melt or destroy it or that it goes sliding somewhere. I would like a visor mount so I could get it out of the sunlight and out of sight. But such a mount may half as much as the Echo Auto unit cost.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My Subaru already can do everything Echo Auto can do through Apple CarPlay.If you do not have Apple or Android for your vehicle, then Echo Auto would be very good for you.	3	May 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have only been able to get this to work once, not that I have tried using a lot. Maybe the more I try to use I may get the hang of it. Should I get it to work easily I would probably change my rating.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It could be my phone.. but it is so slow and only recognizes what you say half the time. Streaming music fails most of the time.	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We purchased this because we hoped to make our daughter's life easier. We are a divorced family and she has just gotten her license. She has access to four different cars, so we purchased this thinking that she could simply take this no matter what car she drove and make her adjustment to the different technologies in each car easier. We were disappointed that this unit did not open all apps on her phone. It would not recognize certain finer points, like playlists, etc. which is why we bought it. Ultimately, it did not live up to our hopes. It seemed like it may be helpful in some circumstances, but not for our needs.	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My ins company sent this to me free. I have Ford Sync in my '13 Escape and the Alexa Auto conflicts with it. I got it to function but it keeps the phone app on all the time sucking batt. I Googled it all and learned I need to upgrade the Ford firmware. Naa.. not worth the trouble.  I noticed the price keeps dropping on the gadget. Personally I see it's future at yard sales for $3.00. Meh. IMHO	3	February 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s a crap shoot whether or not it will work.  I’m amazed at how poorly this was designed.  I would have set it up 2 ways.  One would be similar to how they did it.  The other would be pair to the head unit with Bluetooth and then to the device with WiFi.  It’s a great idea and I love echo, but this thing is too buggy to sell.  Probably why it’s on sale	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa doesn’t understand clearly with noise in the car cabin.  I’ve had to raise my voice (yell) a few times now to get the auto echo to engage.  I do like being able to play music without having to touch my phone.  Not sure why music will start playing on my phone before I even start the car......kinda strange how the echo engages my music without being told.  Overall, I like having it but still need to learn what else can be done beyond accessing music with my voice.	3	October 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I tossed this in the glovebox until the day arrives that I can make good use of it. Until then it's just taking up space.	3	August 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car doesn’t have Bluetooth, so I was super excited to get this so I could listen to my Apple Music playlist through my car, plus ask the normal Alexa questions and answer calls through it, etc. upon first using it, it took forever to figure out how to get it to do a command. I would say play “shuffle Apple Music” and it wouldn’t work, so finally I tried saying it differently and it worked. It doesn’t always pick up my commands either, sometimes I have to say it two or three times. It is convenient and does let me listen to my music, but I think Alexa needs to be more adapt to different ways of saying a command and pick up my voice without me raising my voice so much. Also, it keeps cutting out while playing and I have to recommend to play my music. TBD how it works with directions, calls, etc.	2	February 8, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Save your money.My house is littered with Echo Dots, and tbh it's a problem how much of my private info they're gathering that way. The echo auto SHOULD be amazing. I drive an '08 sedan that does not support bluetooth.An AUX cord is cheaper and works better.Heaven help you through the initial setup. After two different echo auto units, and trying multiple devices and even networks... it appears to be RNG if you ever connect to the auto the first time.IF YOU DO GET IT SET UP it will never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever recognize your commands --- even when holding the phone microphone directly to my mouth. I bought this primarily to reduce collision risk while browsing music choices.Only thing I gained was higher blood pressure.Better to buy a new car with bluetooth. DO NOT BUY.DO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUY	1	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product appears to just to just pass everything off to my cell phone and play it on my cell phone.  I expected that the Alexa Auto would be more like an AI presents in my car, and playing audio back on the car audio.  This is somewhat disappointing.	2	January 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I read a lot and like audio books for my drive to and from work.  Now with amazon auto, I can listen to books, even those that I don't have audio books if they are text to speech enabled.  As for interacting with my android phone, it could be a lot better.  Alexa has a long way to go to interact with the phone better than Google.  But if the goal is for entertainment reasons (books and music), Alexa does this very well.	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 This was great until the unfortunate time where I hit a pothole. It came off and hit my shifter and it shattered, and no longer works."	1	November 2, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First of all, I had HIGH hopes for this.  I have Alexa throughout my home and the idea that I could control home devices while in the car seemed too good to be true.  Alas, that's exactly the case.  Oh, it works, and I guess if you don't use your smart phone for ANY OTHER THING you'll be fine.  But I use my iPhone to listen to podcasts, play Apple music, make calls... and once you invoke Alexa (which must connect to your phone) it will not return control back to your phone.  So forget about resuming that podcast, or music or anything else, for that matter.  You're dead out of water (unless you manually go to your phone and this is difficult while you are driving.  In point of fact, you should NOT be mucking about with your phone while you're driving.  I have hands free access to all of those things with voice commands from Siri through my car system... until Alexa takes over and will not give back up control).Again -- if all you want is to stay within the Echo ecosystem you're fine.  If you use Amazon music exclusively and don't care about what else you might do with your phone outside of the system you're fine.  But if you want to do ANYTHING else -- forget about it.	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When this works, it is great! But I had a heck of a time getting it to connect to my bluetooth in the first place and there are times when it ""has trouble connecting.""  I am an audible user, and if I ask it to do anything in the middle of reading, it often do the task, and then not restart the book.  It will not accept any commands after that.  This happens infrequently, but is still frustrating.  So far, I'm not sure I would recommend this product to others."	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Was so excited for this but now that I have it, I’m not a fan at all. Feel like there is a lot more development that needs to occur before this is usable. In fact I’ve even unplugged mine now. It doesn’t work as well as my other devices in my car with Bluetooth as I can’t use the Alexa unless I’m on the media input. My GPS on my phone will switch back and forth when using yet the Amazon Alexa Auto isn’t smart enough to do this. I shouldn’t be forced to be on a specific input as it really steals my choices and functionality down. The microphones aren’t strong enough to pickup my voice and I find myself having to yell. Lastly the mounting on the vent isn’t great as it blocks most all of the airflow. Too many cables, clumsy install, quirky functionality. Love Alexa at home, but it’s a big miss in the car. Sorry Amazon. Go back to the drawing board and make this better.	2	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was offered the chance to try an Echo Auto a few moths ago. It was a horrible experience and I really cannot believe they are releasing the device this soon. Here are the Pros and Cons:Pros:1. It’s a cool looking device.2. It paired easily with my iPhone.3. When it works-and this was not very often in my experience, it was great.Cons:1. It seldom did what I asked. My Alexa at home is very responsive and perks up every single time I say the wake word (“Echo” for my devices)2. You cannot change the wake word. It has to be Alexa.3. This device is NOT for a noisy car. My car is very quiet, yet when I have my Air conditioning blasting or the music up just a little bit, the device cannot hear you.4. Even when the device hears you, it is as dumb as Siri. Yea. That dumb.5. Constant and continuous drop offs and silence. In other words, when I would play a game such a Jeapordy, the device would not hear my answer and then just go silent.6. Constant resetting of the device.7. Horrible customer service.So, I sent mine back. I might try again after a second generation is released.	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do not see a use for this in a car with one occupant.  It works exactly like the Alexa app on my phone.  The Echo Auto requires me to have my phone on me because it uses my phones WiFi signal to work.In order to use the Echo Auto, my radio has to be se to Bluetooth Mode or AUX...depending on how I set it up.  This means I can't listen to music while using my Echo Auto to navigate, or to ask a question.  I can however use Echo Auto to make or answer a call...  It will interrupt my music while I am on the phone, and then continue playing once the call is finished.  Again, this is exactly how the Alexa app on my phone works.So, if your radio does not have a microphone... and/or your radio has an AUX input, but is not Bluetooth compatible, this device has a purpose.  Otherwise...	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It connects to my phone when I am in parked in the driveway or near the car and it is off.  Phone calls go to it instead of the phone so when the phone rings or i dial a number I have to manually disconnect it from the Echo so I can hear the call.	3	September 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's useless. I got this so my son can ""call"" me if he's in the car, but it just calls my voicemail. At home, Alex echos can call my phone without actually using my phone but i guess because it's over WiFi.Also, when i command Alexa to take me somewhere, it pulls up my Google maps but it doesn't pop up on my car screen.So far it hasn't helped me anything but when I ask Alexa to play some music.Google assistant works good enough for me."	2	July 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo Auto is very cool. I'm using her more that Siri at this point. But that won't last. Unless I have the Bluetooth input selected on the audio system in mu Lexus, Echo Auto is useless. So if I'm listening to SiriusXM, AM, FM, or any other input, I can't hear what Alexa is saying. The device would be so much better if it contained its own speaker and the smarts to know if the Bluetooth input was selected. That way it could channel its answers to the speaker or Bluetooth so I could hear them.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was on the wait list for the Echo auto for about nine months so was excited when it was finally released. I have used it for a few months. The Bluetooth option does not work well in my Nissan Rogue so I have to rely on the auxiliary input connection which to me isn’t as good. Alexa does work when I ask to play music or make calls, but I have to turn up the volume due to the auxiliary connection. It is a good device, but could be better.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Worked for about 3 months. Then it broke. Was only able to use the Alexa a few times may have been due to Apple Play. Apple play was more consistent. Luckily I got it on sell for $20.	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There is a lot of nice things you can do with this but it still needs some work.  My issues have been that over the summer it tends to overheat.  Also I have had times that it lost conection with my phone and I had to set it all up again.  It would also be nice if amazon could work with your phone  company and have the alexa be on it's own network.  Having it piggyback off your phone's internet has it drawbacks.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Installation is straight forward and it works reasonably well.  Disappointed in inability to change the name and also the sound is problematic.  Volume is insufficient and voice sounds like it is in an echo chamber.  Doesn't add much to the use of my phone's own alexa app.	3	October 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is great when it stays connected. I find myself having to reconnect it everytime I start my car.	1	October 25, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Don't bother. When it works, it works great! But it doesn't work very often. Eventually, I gave up and these days I just use it as a hub between my phone and the AUX input. I have to use my phone to run the Amazon Music app... Making the only advantage of the Echo Auto that it can convert my phone's Bluetooth transmission into auxiliary for the stereo.Save your money and connect to your car with your phone's Bluetooth, or buy a cable for your phone if you need to use the AUX.	2	June 15, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I use it to listen songs not on my playlist. It’s not a bad device. Sometimes it’s more trouble than I want to deal with.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping this would be like my echos through out my home, very disappointed! First order the a/c mount separate as it indicated no where it is included. Also the cords are realistically not long enough to reach from a/c mount to USB plug in or DC plug in with out being in the way and creating an inconvenience. Now after trying to set up 2 times both with Bluetooth and using the AUX cord (to short also)  no success. !!!I was hoping more to use Alexa Auto for other features then the music as it will eat up your data plan to steam music. I was hoping to use it for weather, map directions and reminders. No success set up. Very very limited directions.. I was not able to get any output at all. Hopefully amazon will work out the kinks as I am a hugh amazon fan, put thus disappointed, definitely make the cords longer to hide as newer cars plugs are located in glove box was past center cup holders what a pain with them sitting right there in the way. I will try again after calling amazon for help setting up amber review. Please make longer cords or this will be box bound. Have it a one because it looks good and has potential if it ever works as advertised. BTW mount comes with it don’t purchase separately.	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its ok when traviling would be nice if the voice driving directions would be loader even when the radio isnt. Be nioe if it had a battery so you would not have to have it plugged in all the time. Pretty handy overall.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Connection to network works great but consistently knocking the unit free from mount as I shift from Park or shift to Park.  Most annoying!	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ll begin this with the content that I’m an Amazon product whor*. I have the Home, dot, show...thought this would be a good addition.When you go to ‘Add device’ this specific device isn’t named, so I chose ‘auto accessories’ which makes the most sense. For some reason it couldn’t ‘find the device’. After 3 tries and 30 min - BYEEEE.RETURNED.Update- after hearing from support I was able to find device under Echo, which makes sense but the icon threw me off. So, started second round of setup. The Bluetooth couldn’t get working for some reason. Another 40 min of my life I can’t get back.Also, I have a 2016 Lexus with no vents other than on the far left or right so the vent mount is bad. Also, all my ports for USB and cigarette lighter are in my console. Bad design by Lexus but this device really doesn’t have anywhere to go in this car and the cable has to stretch from my middle console to wherever I might find a place to Velcro it.I WANTED TO LOVE THIS SOOOO MUCH!  It’s getting returned.	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	so its an echo device. it relies totally on your phones data plan. so if you don't have good signal its not great. i have an iPhone xr. use straight bluetooth most of time since my pickup doesn't have it stock. Irritatingly doesn't always hook up when i get in on bluetooth but sometimes it does randomly. ok for that once hooked up. doesnt hear me very well. tried it in numerous locations. it is now on passenger vent with free car vent mount. just ok. cool idea.	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like it but there’s so many kinks to it they really should’ve ironed out before selling it . It now just sits in my glovebox because it keeps interfering with my Bluetooth connectivity in my car that it’ll disconnect my phone completely , even while driving , and I have to reconnect my entire device. Do you know how much of a pain that is ?? Especially while driving down a major highway in the left lane with my exit coming up. It completely interferes with the Bluetooth connection to the point it won’t reconnect to my phone at all and the only way to RE connect my Bluetooth device is to master reset all device then having to turn my car off to a safe stopping point to allow My car to go into Bluetooth set up mode just to get my phone connected back hands free .... that’s how it ended up in a glovebox because it’s stupid and it also doesn’t listen to you like the echo dot and was a waste of $50 :)	1	March 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought two. One is in a 2015 the other is in a 2008. They work...when they choose to. Great idea just not sure what is wrong with the execution. Craziest thing is it speaks through my car to let me know its having an issue...once completely unplugged?	3	November 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m a little disappointed in the way this works. I Bluetooth connect to my phone and then stream via Bluetooth to my radio. However, the Echo Auto disconnects frequently and I have to repair often.I can do the same thing just using the IOS app on my phone without the voice controls.My car has a built in WiFi hotspot and I would much rather us that then have to use my mobile phone.I’m considering just getting a Dot I and give the Echo Auto away	3	October 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Installed in my car per the directions in conjunction with my phone's Alexa app, set up and it works sporadically.  Also, confused as to why I need to continue to use my phone app along with this device, as it will only work in conjunction with my phone app being on the whole time.  Why do I need Alexa Auto in the first place, then? I should just mount my phone and use it exclusively.  Not pleased with it, kinda sucks, and would never recommend it to anyone.	2	August 3, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have one set up with Aux. and a second with Bluetooth. The Aux. setup is flawless. Recovers from start /stop vehicle without need for app. The Bluetooth setup connecting with a Pioneer unit via Bluetooth is buggy. Need app intervention often.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have one installed on my Corvette and my fiancee's Equinox.  It works better on the Corvette.  That being said, it could definitely work better.  If the top is off or you're cruising at 70mph, there is a slim chance that it hears you.  It seems very hit and miss.  Was hoping that at this point, things would be a lot more polished.  Sound quality is fine, but that seems more dependent on your car than the echo.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that Alexa immediately responds to my voice.  The problem is that she doesn't respond to my satisfaction.  If I ask for a specific song and artist, Alexa presents me with a station by that name that plays a song by that selected artist( not the one I asked for though) and songs of a similar genre!  Also the volume must be turned all the way up just to hear the music.  I am disappointed.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	1. For the iphone, it seems that the Alexa app needs to be open, before you start your automobile, and running in the background/minimized. My connectivity issues went away, once I figured this out.2. If having issues, have bluetooth on iphone forget device, the  try turning off phone and rebooting. Then go through the “add device” process again3. Prior to this device, I was using the Echo input connected through the cars auxiliary jack and using my phones hotspot feature, but would have to sometimes manually reconnect to the hotspot.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Amazon Echo is an amazing product. I love it in my car. I've been eyeing this product since it was first announced look time ago. But the thing that really bothers me is that it tends to lose connection with my phone so often. i be jamming and i want to switch to the next song then i hear ""i have lost connection to your phone."" but besides that its a great product."	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Echo for my car.... when it works.  Far too often, though, it freezes up.  It will play one or two songs then just stop.  Nothing I do works to make it start working correctly except turning off my car and shutting the entire system down for a while.  Even unplugging the Echo does not un-freeze it.  I've even tried resetting and reinstalling the unit and it continues to freeze up every day.  It is very annoying.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well so I have bought this go a $20.00 gift for myself around Christmas. But it. Will. Not connect 🤬. Anyone have tips? I need help in a horrible way	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It connects to my phone fine. However I almost always have to open the app on my phone manually for it to connect. Most of the the time it just doesn’t respond to commands without explanation. Then IHave to troubleshoot it. Not sure whatI could be doing differently. It’s synced to an iPhone X.When asking for directions, even when I specifically state the street and city/state, it still offers directions to the wrong location.It’s a great idea. Still has some work before it’s really useful.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While it is a great idea. It’s annoying to use when you start up your car and take off. When your phone is connected to house WiFi and you start rolling , echo has issues connecting to phone again. I takes several tries and sometimes I have to cut power to the echo to get it to connect properly.  Drives me about insane. I’ve yelled profanities at Alexa more than once or a dozen times to get her to play a song.  Sometimes if I think ahead , I unplug the echo until I’m out of range to the house WiFi.I do have WiFi in my car , so it gets pretty decent reception. I have yet to use it on cellular data. Not sure if that works well. Also unsure if you can set the echo to just use certain networks( WiFi or data) that would make it easier maybe.Update. It’s not betterI’ve since become to hate it even more. I’ve threatened Alexa that I’m gonna throw it out the window and run it over with my tires. Over and over. Smashing it to smithereens. Such satisfaction that would be.  It’s stillMay happen.  I have one brand new that I got my husband that I will probably sell to some poor sap who has no clue what a joke this is.	1	February 6, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device works half of the time in my old 2013 dodge dart. I thought it would work great since I don't have Bluetooth, but it would take some time for my iPhone to connect. I decided it wasn't worth the hassle but since it was an xmas gift it didn't cost me anything.	2	January 14, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So here's the thing. It's nice if you have a car that can't play music over Bluetooth, but it really doesn't add anything your smartphone can't already do. The extra microphones so that it can hear you better in noisy road conditions is a good idea, but it seems like it doesn't matter over truly bad conditions (such as when windows are rolled down).Overall I think it's a nice idea, but it doesn't really add anything new.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted to like it, but it spent so much time trying ""find"" my phone, I nearly threw the darn thing out the window a few times.  I needed to disconnect from my Uconnect feature also since it would only intermittently connect.I have a 2013 vehicle, so I had to connect into the auxiliary input.  This means I have to deal with two cords hanging off the side of my console.I'm giving 3 stars since I didn't have to pay full price.  It's definitely not worth $50."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"On the surface Amazon Auto would seem to be a great addition to the navigation, information or audio systems of most cars. The premise of Amazon Auto is god but the execution leaves too many holes.Firstly, it does not now, nor did it, connect easily with my 2014 Audi Q5 navigation, audio and information system.(I did contact very nice people at Amazon Auto Technical support)Secondly, as I found out, you must have your own car radio, CD player or SD/Usb/Hardrive TURNED OFF in order to use the Amazon Auto/Alexa  system.  That would mean one must use Amazon music, Pandora, Spotify, Tune In etc.to generate information and music to your car.  Not all bad if you have unlimited data (that doesn't throttle down).  However, while listening to  favorite music on your cars audio, or if you want to easily listen to local radio stations or maybe an audio book, you will NOT be able to use your Amazon Auto unless you turn off those systems and then turn on Amazon Auto.  At 75 miles an hour it certainly defeats the purpose of a ""hands free want a be"" system.  I really wanted to  like this product, but I will have to send it back to Amazon.  I applaud Amazon for trying to make a product that could really make a difference in our automobiles."	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This worked great - for about two weeks. Then, Her Highness Alexa decided that from that day forward, she was “having trouble connecting to the network”.  What network?  My phone works, my Bluetooth works, my data works on the phone, everything works - what network?  I looked up the problem on Amazon’s so-called help section (after Googling “Alexa auto cannot …” Google filled in the rest - first danger sign).  I went through Amazon’s recommended procedures of resetting this, restarting that, and reconnecting the other thing. No change. I did the whole process again - no change.  Her Highness still had “trouble connecting to THE NETWORK”.I thought about trying Amazon’s troubleshooting tips once again, then I remembered the definition of insanity.  While I opted not to do the same thing and expect a different result, I did chuckle at one line in their tips, “Go to your device…in the Alexa app and forget the device”. I only wish I could.	1	July 19, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Super easy set up, overall well worth the money. However there are some software glitches with my phone. Basically ever since I started using it I get a constant notification from whatever music or last thing I did in my vehicle. It's slightly annoying but I'm hoping with a few software upgrades it will stop.Added a screenshot to show what I mean. And no matter what the notification will not go away.I'd like to see it have and come with smaller shorter wires.	3	December 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So far so good. There's been some glitches. The main beneift is Echo's ability to hear what I'm saying. I have a jeep and it can be loud. Still..she hears me. My phone no matter what assistant I'm using has problems with that. I've decided using the AUX connection works best for me. I don't bother using it for calls. But I play my music and audio books. I didn't care for the 'vent mount' and just 'glued' it to dash. Like I said I have a jeep and it can be bumpy.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My wife has a car. I have a car. We sign in to the same Alexa account so each of us can control the same devices. This has worked great -- until we each bought an Echo Auto device. Guess what? You can't rename the device in the Alexa App as you can with any other Echo device. SO the app thinks we only have ONE Echo Auto. When my wife is driving, my phone gets all the notifications. Likewise when I'm driving she gets the notifications. Did the folks who designed Echo Auto not conceive of this scenario? WTF???	2	May 10, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's not really that friendly with my Honda Ridgeline. I thought it would be more of an automatic start up every time I got in the car once I had the initial setup completed, but I have to manually get it going on my phone (before I start to go anywhere) every time if I want to use my Alexa. It's not ideal for sure, but that could be the Honda interface as that's not as user friendly as my previous vehicles either. To be completely fair, I'd need to test it in another vehicle to know for certain what's causing my dificulties.	2	April 21, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Initially I had a ton of trouble keeping it connected. In fact, it would cause my phone to disconnect from my car's bluetooth so I couldn't even use non-Alexa stuff (like my audiobook). I had to delete and reinstall the Alexa app and redo the sync and the connection issues are gone.The biggest problem, though, is the voice recognition. If you play any games that require answers, like the Jeopardy one, be prepared for her to miss an answer often, even when you say the exact correct answer.More importantly, Alexa TRIGGERS HERSELF. If she says something like ""go to the Alexa app"", then she stops HERSELF as soon as she says ""Alexa"" and listens and whatever you were in the middle of stops. She also triggers herself when she says ""Excellent"". So, back to Jeopardy. You get an answer right and she says ""Excellent"", then she gets triggered as if someone else says ""Alexa"" and the game quits. Seriously guys?"	2	November 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The addition of the Echo to a car should mean functionality not already found in the car or other bluetooth connections to the car (e.g. Google Maps/Waze).  So, now I can ask Alexa to give me any song I can think of.  On long trips, this is fine.  However, I have to reconnect my phone to the Echo every time I get in.  As I can do most of what I want to do without the Echo, I forget regularly.  Needs some applications that are not duplicative.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This Alexa auto is ok for the discount price of$19.99 I payed wouldn't pay more for it it's good for hands free calls but sometimes goes crazy and does whatever she wants and the supplied vent mount is horrible	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We had it for two months and it worked fairly well, with some moments that it just wouldn't connect and we had to hassle with it.  Then after two months of enjoying her, she just went dead.  Very disapointed, because during the time she was working I bought one for my car as well.  It is still working, for how long I don't know.  I am going to let Amazon trouble shooters try to raise her from the dead, but I don't have high hopes.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that it has very good voice recognition, also like the way it mounts,however only gave it 3 stars because Alexa will say lost connection with phone when phone is right next to it several times 3to5 times maybe 5 minutes or so before it connects and also the warning label to not drive and operate app stays on phone screen way to long even after shutting down Alexa and being parked or not even in vehicle this bug hopefully will be addressed it is extremely annoying	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t understand how it can lose connection so often. Maybe NC. Nope, happens in IN.Love the gps when it cooperates.	3	August 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Have to keep repeating yourself and I oot two of them and both of them do the same	2	April 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works, but I was disappointed to realize that it only works when my cars stereo in on Bluetooth. This keeps me from listening to the radio, a CD, satellite radio or any other connected device. It just works with my phone. Ok that’s nice, but I envisioned more flexibility. I’m sure some will say I should have expected that, but I guess I was thinking since a it’s an add on unit, it would have more built in function. My iPhone already does much of the functions through Siri, so, no big upgrade.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I like the concept of Alexa, but this loses connection with your phone every time you re-enter your car. I have to unplug it and plug it back in every single time I get in my car. They need to make Alexa ""smater"" if you will...I can ask it something and 90% of the time she either doesn't know the answer or hears my question completely wrong and replies with something totally wrong. On the bright side, it plays music well."	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"UPDATE:I wrote this review, gave it 1-star (I NEVER give 1-star unless I mean it).To Amazon's credit, they emailed me from some call-center and said it was important. I was HAPPY about that because they were responding.Then it became a lagging, weeks long conversation of cluelessness - I explained that the device damaged my vehicle. She asked if I wanted to replace the device.No no - it damaged my vehicle, I'd like you to pay for the damage (it has a ""friction pinch mount"" that broke my vent when I removed it ... there's not ""release"" lever, it's just tight prongs).She said I should keep the unit and she'd get back to me.Then she wandered off.Amazon - you DAMAGED MY TRUCK.The “universal mount” is just a hard four pronged fork that you “easily” put onto your vent.I put it on one vent to try, went to take it off and it broke my vent because it doesn’t release.Good luck getting help for that."	1	March 14, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this via an invite.  It was easy to install in my Mazda 3.  I’m using my car’s Bluetooth with it.  At first, I couldn’t get verbal directions via my iPhone when playing Amazon Music via the Echo Auto.  Just got tones — no speech.  But, that glitch has been fixed.Asking for directions via Echo Auto directly is currently a waste of time.  Even if it finds what you want, you have to access your phone.  Not something I want to do while driving!  So, I find myself manually accessing the maps via the phone before leaving & using Siri for directions while driving (flaws there too, but at least it’s touch free).Other than the direction fail, Echo Auto operates like a basic Echo.  I won’t be surprised if directions are improved over time.  I was an early purchaser of the original Echo, and its functionality improved quickly as Amazon updated the software.  I’m hoping for the same with this device.It’s fine for non-driving tasks now.UPDATE:  It’s now giving tones only again while driving and using Amazon Music.  I have to look at my phone or watch to get directions.  This  device is just about worthless in the car.  Without driving directions it goes from 3 to 1 stars.	1	October 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Meh. Doesn’t do anything my phone won’t do and uses twice the data. When I just open up the amazon music app and shuffle my music, it only uses half the data. The “convenience” Fee for being able to say, “Alexa play my music,” is double the data usage on my phone. Also she doesn’t work every time. For me, about 25% of the time she either doesn’t do anything or repeats that there is some kind of connection problem.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like it, but it’s starting to act up now. Glitching in and out. Sometimes it will quit playing, and I will have to unplug and plug it back in.	3	May 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is an impressive first step, and is the best of the after market standalone units out there as of 01/2020. But it is crazy that you can’t change the wake word like other Amazon made devices. It sucks to have inconsistency between my devices. Also, the phone call support is a bit weird how it does the call at times. Sometimes the status light after a call doesn’t change from green. Ideally I wish it didn’t use the Alexa calling feature and only used my phone for the call and its own array mic for the Mic. I think that might be better.Hopefully a software update will fix the wake word change ability. As for the other phone call methods, I suspect they won’t change that due to iOS’s Bluetooth / security limits.  That and it would allow you to potentially avoid sharing contacts with Amazon. Which I would also prefer.	2	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does great for making your truck Bluetooth but is choppy when using the Alexa to stream music like an old cd skip.  I had 4 bars and my phone was less than 6 inches away. But if I select the song or video it plays flawlessly.  All in all pretty great	3	September 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received an invite to buy the Alexa Auto, it took some time to get it set up correctly and to actually work.  We spent some time on with customer support, figuring it out.  We were finally able to get it working.  However, I have found that when it works, it works great, but, I am having more times with it not working, it will light up and appear to be listening, but nothing.  Can be rather frustrating.  Again, when it works, it works great.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have 3 Echos in my house and I love them. I wanted to love this but it's just pointless. It only works if your phone is nearby and unlocked and on the Alexa app. I wanted to use this to listen to music and do other stuff while still using my phone but I can't. The Echo Auto takes over your phone and uses it for everything. So at that point I have to ask, why? Why wouldn't I just use my phone then? If I have to have my phone unlocked and turn off my auto lock with the Alexa app open, why do I even need this? I'll just use the app and get literally the exact same experience minus the extra cords and awkward mounting device. Why not just include adhesive so I can put it wherever I want if I don't want it right in my face on the dash? Oh I know why, because it can't hear you if its not right in front of your face. So AGAIN, why wouldn't I just use my phone that's already mounted in front of my face? It makes no sense at all no matter how you look at it. Returning mine.	1	July 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love having my Alexia in the car and ability to access my music and full range of capabilities- slow to connect to my phone (Apple) and often can’t establish a Bluetooth connection without human assistance- then there are the legal concerns of the developers who don’t think you should work with your phone to resolve issues unless you declare yourself a “passenger” - even when parked inside your garage - when it works it’s great - but all too often I have to play with it to get a connection	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This has never worked. The caller can only hear their own voice when trying to communicate. Very disappointing.	1	October 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have a large SUV with a charge port in the back.  Echo Auto sits there, out of sight, everything on that part is perfect.  No wires on the dash, no problems.  If you don't have a large SUV with a port in the back, get ready for another wire.The problem with the Echo Auto is it needs the Alexa App running on your phone!  If you're going to run the Alexa App on your phone, why do you need to use this?  Just use your phone!I'll clarify - without a phone and the Alexa App running on your phone, this device does NOTHING!Why did I buy it??  Amazon enticed me with the you're a privileged customer, here's an invite only for you!  Well, sorry to say it worked, I bit.  I guess the only good thing, I paid $20 instead of the now asking price of $40 for this thing.	2	November 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This Alexa car device was not needed because I need my phone and Bluetooth to use it and the device is not reliable. I bought two, one for my son's vehicle and one for mine. It's rarely used because it's not reliable. It ties up my phone. I hate that I bought the device when I already have Alexa on my phone. I don't understand the purpose of someone buying such a device if you have a Smartphone.	2	October 5, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa Auto misunderstood my request for an Audible Book. Alexa was going to search for a book I can buy than wanted to search Kindle. Using Alexa Auto with an iPhone just adds an extra layer to deal with. It was easier to get a book without Alexa. Alexa auto was easy to setup, played music with excellent quality. L never asked it for driving directions, voice commands to Waze works fine for me. The price was good, but as I said, for me it added an unnecessary layer.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Occasionally it will have problems connecting to my Note 9, also Echo Auto causes audio to come out of the speakers muddled very badly which I discovered can be fixed by telling Echo Auto to pause/play - then the sound will start playing coming out of all the speakers clearly.**UPDATE** Purchased Oct 14, 2020: When it worked it was decent; fast forwards to Dec 18, 2020 and my opinion has changed to the point I despise it and tech support. It works just enough that I put up with it; 1. When given a command it gives queues that it is listening/receiving then it acts like it's trying to execute the command; after some time it craps out at which point the command must be given how many ever times again 2. The time it takes to execute a command can vary from a few seconds to thirty seconds making it hard to determine if you need to repeat yourself 3. Tech support isn't particularly helpful; before contacting them I followed troubleshooting guides that had me update, reset, etc. - that is basically what tech had me do and they couldn't help me beyond that	1	November 11, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My husband and I both have these in our vehicles.  His seems to work well, but everytime we try to connect the one in my car, it takes forever, if it ever connects.  It is more frustrating than it's worth, in my opinion.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would love to be able to play my music from the music app that has all of my music. Google Play. I know it isn't Amazon music, but I also pay for Amazon Prime and listen to that music as well. I may need to switch over to the Google version, but only due to that having all of my playlists by voice not manuel. Love Alexa so much otherwise, but love my music more :/	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bought one when they first came out and it worked grear..Stopped working and connecting after only a year and half, told I needed to buy a new one... After only 1.5 years?  Wheres the durability?  Its a simple mechanism shouldn't break down so quickly..Bought another, no go, went through all the resets , made sure my phone and the app where up to date, still no go...They sent a replacement and still wont work.Its not my phone as all my other echo's (4) and the 10 wifi plugs around the house have no problems.Seriously what happened to the quality of this?It sucks..........UPDATE,  Even with all the help from Amazon,  resetting over and over and over again, nothing worked...I enjoy my house echos as they work.Now even though the car recognizes the device the Alexa app won't connect to it...So the app by Amazon went recognize the Amazon device.... YIKES!!Tried 3 different ones including the two replacements and have totally given up, out to the trash they went!!!CANNOT recommend this at all!	1	January 6, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love having Alexa in the car.  But many times she lights up and then nothing happens.  I spend more time fiddling with it that actually using it.  No idea why.  Sometimes it just works.  Sometimes it just doesn't.  And the holder that hooks on to the vent should be able to be bendable.  Hooked onto mine, I can't see it properly.  If the holder were stiff but flexible, it would be better.	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When properly connected via AUX port and iPhone Bluetooth the device has acceptable performance.  On the other hand, removing power seems to require setting up all over again.  Using intuition (and not users manual) discovered using the command ""Alexa, Pause"" before removing power I could use the command ""Alexa Continue"" when power was restored to begin where Amazon music paused.  The sequence is repeatable but it is irritating because modern algorithms should automatically resume Amazon music without operator intervention on iPhone or Android operating system."	3	November 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I haven’t had a lot of time to use it yet I’ve only used it a couple of times actually but so far it’s OK wish you would’ve waited a couple more weeks to ask me I probably could’ve gave you a better answer	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a cool, great voice recognition device for auto applications. However it performs as expected (connecting to phone when turning on, ability to hear you over what it's playing) about 60% of the time. It's still a neat gadget for your car if you have enough cellular data though, but not something I would personally spend $50 on. Having the Alexa service in your car is pretty neat and helpful though, since it's probably the most capable voice-recognition software available at the moment.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	DISLIKE  EVERYTIME U TURN IT ON VOLULME AT 25%???????  I KEEP SAYING ALEXA LOUDER  DOIN THIS 5 TIMES  WHY????  IT WORKS GOOD AT BLUETOOTH ,,,, HARD TO SET UP, VERY FRUSTRATING.. ALL IN ALL ITS OK  ANYONE HAVE AN ANSWER TO WHY VOLUME  IS SO LOW  ANY SUGGESTIONS????	3	August 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do like how it’s an Alexa in a car but I wish it was responsive before you connect your phone like you could say Alexa connect to my phone and keep it completely hands free. It’s a little bit of a pain when you want to just go and not sit in your car a while before each drive. Also there needs to be a command to play music on a phone without needing service. I live in a state where service is only accessible if you are near a city.	2	July 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa is the car - great idea - no because it keeps telling you to open the app, which you can’t do while driving. There has got to be a better way. I got this on the intro offer to it was affordable - and I have Bluetooth in my car but it’s older so somewhat limited- I can now hear audio books etc on the car speakers with you an audio jack but it just isn’t as functional as I had hoped.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The reason I gave it a 3 star rating is because it works in all speakers then after a while I only hear it in the left front speaker. It’s the only thing that does this so I don’t think it’s the stereo.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"While Apple Music is playing, I can not control it via entertainment system or steering wheel buttons. If I stream Amazon music, controls work just fine. When I try to fast forward or go back, I get this message, ""To play Apple music in the Alexa app connect to Bluetooth when it is safe to do so"", this is while Apple music is playing. This is very annoying. I purchased this because it supports Apple Music. I can control it by voice, so, I guess it does work."	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Keeps losing connection with my phone.  Might be better off using alexa app on my phone and connecting my phone to the car radio	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	OK... I like this little unit BUT there are several things not to like.  My connection is perfect as long as I do it in this order:  Turn on car, turn on blue tooth on my phone, wait for that connection and then plug in Alexa. That is the only way it connects and stays connected. The music continues to play on my phone even after I tell Alexa to stop, unplug her, turn off the blue tooth connection AND the car.  It is so frustrating.  So far, I just use it to listen to music.  I did use the navigation to guide me home from a concert and it worked great. But I don't understand why I have to touch my phone to get the navigation to start but maybe someone knows what I'm going wrong.  There needs to be a better mount but luckily my car has a small ledge under the USB port so it slides nicely in that spot.	2	October 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No es como el de la casa todavia le falta mejorarla y los microfonos muchas veses no lo escuchan a uno ,no es tan bueno	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"While this might be worth it for long commutes, it isn't worth the time for a short 5-minute commute to work.  It takes too long to ""boot"" up and connect to the network.  I mostly listen to music and decided I'd rather just use the car radio.  I don't have to wait on it to connect, and I can change between my favorite channels with the push of one button.  And if I'm listening to music, the phone call feature doesn't work properly.  The person on the other end could hear me, but I couldn't hear them.  And it kept getting in the way of trying to put the sun shade in the window when I got to work, and when I tried removing it to come home.  The last time I did that and it knocked the Echo to the floor, I said enough already and unhooked it and threw it in the glove box."	1	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've stopped using Echo Auto in my car because it wouldn't play well with my iPhone 11. I have to constantly reboot. Not worth the frustration.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	stupid no purpos needs home internet to turn on blue thooth no good on road wont use phone for signal dont buy	1	October 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it works really well. But it loses connectivity pretty often, and obviously when it does there’s not much you can do about it when you’re driving. This makes it unreliable for maps, and frustrating for things like Spotify.I don’t know if I should blame it, my iPhone or ATT. But the overall experience has been a bit frustrating. If it worked consistently, I’d love it. And I want to love it. But as it stands, I’m about to give up on it.	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s good and it works for what it is intended to do, but it just was kinda anticlimactic. It’s easy to install and I can see how this can be appealing but overall, it’s not really necessary if you already have Bluetooth in your car.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	adquiri dos articulos, el primero funciona bien pero el segundo no sirve, lamentablemente no estoy en USA y no puedo devolverlo	1	October 18, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does not do well, in AZ heat, even with A/C running.  Also, it very often fails to play music, sometimes even when it says it is...it loses connectivity.  There doesn't seem to be any way for it to update its configuration, either.  I get better results just unplugging it and using the bluetooth connect from iphone to Amazaon music.  I even bought a new one, thinking the old one was defective.  Nope, it just works badly!  So disappointed!	2	August 26, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Exho Auto is very easy to install and for the most part it is a good edition to my car which is a 2018 F150. However, it does have some connectivity issues with Bluetooth now and then. The sound quality can fade and I find myself turning up the volume to talk to it. There are times when you ask it to do things that should be relatively simple like play Spotify and it has connection problems. I do wish it had a small screen. Overall, a good addition for the price.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nothing better than being able to play whatever song I want just by telling Alexa. Also, I use it to drop in on the home to check on the kids while I am out.We were going to get my husband’s car a new stereo but we tried Alexa in his vehicle first. Even though his radio didn’t have Bluetooth, we were able to use the speaker plug to get Alexa to work perfectly. Now he has capabilities of a very expensive radio for the small price of the Alexa.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am missing on why this needs a phone in the process.Car has Wifi data. Car has Bluetooth. Cannot figure out how to connect it straight to the car skipping the phone in the middle. Garbage until it can do this.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had hopes that it would be great. It's really not that useful as my car is a connected car and does most, if not more than the Alexa. It can be fun and occasionally helpful for my smart home devices. It's temperamental as far as staying connected. For the invitation only price I don't feel offended that I got it. It really wouldn't be worth a higher cost to me though. Maybe great for someone that does not have an internet connected car. I do love my Alexa devices at home.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works but need a solar power version.  Old car lighter plugs go out.  Even nice cars.  Not worth fixing. It will go out again.  Need alternate power source besides carrying, charging, plugging, etc.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you don't have bluetooth and my vehicle didn't , and I didn't have a aux plug in, so I bought a adapter to plug everything in , but when I plugged it in it would work one time and it stopped working.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is kind of a pain in the butt to get going every time you get in the car. I had to re add the device to my Alexa app several times, then she could never understand what I was saying to her. I would ask her to change a song and it wouldn't. The cords, for me at least, were an eye sore and got pulled out a a lot.  Definitely wasn't what I was expecting at all.	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2015 GMC Terrain and I could not get this to sync with the Bluetooth at all. Also, I could not get this to stay attached to my vent even though it claims to fit.	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This took me 30 minutes to get it to connect the first time I tried, and then all I could connect to was the first thing I tried.  When I got home, I shut off my car and unplugged the unit.  It has never connected again.  I think it is a waste of my time - just frustrates me.  It was a gift so maybe someone can let me know what I'm doing wrong.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Having 8 microphones means that Alexa will hear you even with your music blaring. That's the only good thing about this device. This version of Alexa relies on your phones data rather than wifi, so responses and requests are much slower. Alexa also has trouble connecting 50% of the time, making her unusable. Asking her for directions anywhere is also a pain, as she cannot recognize any names of locations, unless it's extremely simple. This is nowhere near worth $50. I wouldn't even recommend it at $25. Save your money and just use your phones built in assistant. I like the ambition, but this device was just not ready for launch.Update (2021): After using it here and there since the beta launch, I'm still just as disappointed. I mostly just keep her muted unless I give her some basic commands, which is all she's good for. Honestly I've just been too lazy to remove her from my car and throw her out.	2	October 19, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of having Alexa onboard but this is just not a very good way of doing it. Elexa needs to be a part of the factory radio so it can play radio stations, adjust channels and volume, respond to various commands, with out interfering with the cars navigation or stereo system. I wanted to like it, but after a trip with Alexa, I'm a hard pass on this device anymore. Will probably give it away.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	siempre tiene problemas con el audio, no reconoce muchas direcciones, no funciona ni se integra directamente con el celular, podria mejorar mucho mas, solo sirve para poner musica y eso esperando que ponga la cancion que quieres por que escucha fatal	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works as it is supposed to, it’s great. Sadly, the connectivity between The Echo Auto and my iphone (needed to provide a signal) is very much hit or miss. Lots of “your Echo Auto has lost its connection” — and it can be maddening waiting for the connection to be reestablished. When operating as it should — brilliant! But because of the routine drop outs, Echo Auto can be very frustrating.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn’t work sometimes it connects and I can use it to call someone but most times it just says it doesn’t respond to commands.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While useful, the echo auto began to have problems a month or two after I bought it. Sometimes when I asked it to send a text, it says that messaging is disabled. If I ask it to do something with spotify, sometimes it will say it cant connect to spotify, or that it just isn't installed. These are only a couple of issues. Like I said, it's useful. It works most of the time. But the ocassional errors are really infuriating, and barely worth the hassle in my opinion.	2	July 7, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I didn’t like when I couldn’t remote start my car if it was left on when I turned off the car. And, I live in the sticks & don’t always have a signal for it to connect to.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Will not stop playing music when you tell it to.  Has a hard time understanding you,  which makes feel the pressure hard.  But I do like it.  Just need work.  Don't pay over 20 for it.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I end up yelling my request to her.  Sometimes she gets it, most times she does not and I end up holding the little control box close to my face just to get her to play my music.  It’s disappointing in my opinion	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes i ask for a song and she plays it and sometimes she tells me that the same song is just aveilable with a music offer different than prime music and i hate that	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't have Bluetooth in my vehicle so it was supposed to connect through AUX, which it did, no problem with Alexa BUT the static is so loud I can barely hear anything.  So I intend to give it to my son-in-law	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got this when it was $25 during the Invite Only stage (Beta stage).I've had the original Alexa for years and it's been excellent. This on the other hand... not great.I have a Samsung Galaxy S8, which isn't the top of the line anymore, but it's definitely not a old or underpowered phone.The Echo Auto disconnects a lot, will sometimes read texts, will sometimes use it's blinking LED to notify. It's a lot of ""sometimes."" I sometimes wonder if mine is defective, but after reading these reviews, I'm not alone.I wouldn't buy this at $50. I haven't tested out many other features because I mostly wanted it for calls and text messaging, but if it fails at those then it'll fail in other areas too I'm sure.Also, I use it on my AUX plug and I get tons of feedback when I accelerate my car.  Not sure what's causing that, but nothing else does it; just the Auto."	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is my eight Alexa device. It needs alot of work, I would say it's first generation at best. Somehow it's connected to a bluetooth device (does not show device) so now follow on mode is disabled on all devices.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was super excited when I first got this product.  It was really easy to setup and the quality of voice and music was what I was expecting.  My excitement slowly dwindled with each trip because it kept loosing connection to the phone and I began to loath the lack of connection tone.  I even switched from an iPhone  7 plus to an iPhone 11 pro max with no improvement. Granted cell reception is spotty in some of the areas I travel however  not being able to play through a song is frustrating.  My suggestion to Amazon is put a memory buffer (or larger buffer) to get through connection losses as well as a faster reconnect algorithm.  My music streaming from my phone directly never misses a beat and I can stream Netflix on my phone without interruptions as well.  I have several Amazon products and this is my least favorite.	2	November 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works fine, just like any other Alexa device. I have my phone connected via usb to use the car navigation and Bluetooth connect to Alexa. Unfortunately my radio doesn't automatically change the input like it does when I receive a call. So when I want to use Alexa I have to manually change the input and that shuts off whatever I'm listening to. I was thinking about using an external speaker. Other than that it's great.	3	February 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very dissapointed that this won’t allow me to use my native text messaging on the iPhone. This was the main reason I purchased the device was to reply to texts while driving. It works very well otherwise	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Update: I give up. This product is completely worthless. I can no longer think of a single thing it does that isn’t easier to do without the product. I want my money back.—-There's a few features that I enjoy like the ability to add things to my lists and the ability to move back and forth set amounts of time in content, but it's ultimately a very stark reminder that Amazon doesn't make a phone/integrated system.Every single day I have to manually open the alexa app because it complains about having lost connection with the app. Most of what Alexa auto does is control phone apps for you, so having to manually open their app each time really kills the value. On top of that, Alexa herself has been plummeting in quality over the past several months, and so the auto version is already down a peg just for bringing Alexa's poor quality.Other infuriating things include the inability to access navigation without using the apple maps app which I uninstalled years ago, it still won't send text messages--it pretends to, but then the recipient just gets a voice recording that you didn't even know you were making.Don't waste your money. I'd yank it out, but that's even more trouble than it's worth after mounting it and running the wire to be concealed.	1	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	El concepto es bueno, pero esperaba más. Estoy acostumbrado a la fluidez y la precisión de Alexa Echo dot, El Echo auto no tiene la misma.JL	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	May have worked if I was not already using AppleCar Play.  The two did not play well together.  When Alexa would operate, it would stop all other operations, XM radio and CarPlay.  I would have to restart car or disconnect Alexa to get others to operate again.	3	September 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Description says will NOT work in a Honda accord 2013,2015 (note the comma).  I have a 2014 with Bluetooth and it will not connect.  If I put the car on AUX and choose Bluetooth it works but I can""t play the radio station unless I go back to the radio. Spoke with a someone in a chat and they sent me a Bluetooth FM receiver but finding a FM station that is not being used I have not succeeded and if I did I would have to know the FM station call letters I want to listen to. So now have something I cannot use.  If the description said, 2013-2015 I would not have bought it.  I was hoping I could listen to a station and on the way home tell NEXX Garage to open the door, and tell Alexa to turn on the lights.  I""m sure it's a good product but right now it""s too labor intensive."	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	At first the Alexa was easy to set up and use in the car, but once you turn the car off and the device, etc, until the next use ...it’s almost as if I have to reconnect it every single time. It has become a hassle. So most times I get in the car, I just to without.  I think these are minor device flaws that Amazon will soon work out. I do love it when it’s working :)	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I have only gotten this device to work once in my car... and I've used help forums and Google searches to see why. I have an android, I've turned off and even uninstalled Android Auto with no success. The one time it worked I enjoyed it. The clip doesn't really hold well in my vent either. A bump and the road and it falls off. I'm a huge alexa user so maybe one day when I have extra time I'll get this to work and use more often.	3	October 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As I read the reviews I was so anxious to have Alexa in my car I took the plunge and ordered it. It only responds half of the time or acknowledges my request. That is after turning off music so she can hear me clearly. When it does respond, it has quite a bit of delay. If I were to purchase again I would wait until a new upgrade comes up that improves the sound, voice recognition and response time.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Couple of issues- for my car, it is much less advanced than the car tech- so it just interferes with the car’s normal car play function. The number one use I was hoping for was asking Alexa to play Spotify music in addition to normal questions- but it doesn’t link to Spotify directly like Alexa home would. I gave it to my husband instead to use in his Silverado which doesn’t have hands free and would be perfect- but it won’t connect to Bluetooth. He hasn’t hooked it in manually yet.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Really did not add any features from what my phone did.I have ford Synch, and it worked.....this device just added a step	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Maybe there’s a way to do so, but I’ve not figured out how to make Echo auto work AND listen to XM or other radio station in my 2019 Infiniti. I have to switch the audio source in my car to Bluetooth. Essentially, the Echo Auto works off your phone, so the car Bluetooth is linking up to your phone to play alexa’s voice and any other audio you’re requesting.So, if I’m trying to use my car’s navigation or listen to XM, I can’t access Echo Dot.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works I love it. But so far, in the short time I have owned it,  I have had to reconnect/ set up  blue tooth 4 times between the Echo and my cell phone-Alexa  doesn't seem to  restore settings automatically  if  interruptions occur when driving  in an area  with patchy cell phone coverage.  ( like ATT in  Cape Cod).	3	March 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have Bluetooth in my car.  I could understand if I didn't getting it to make up for it.  Plus it needs my phone's data to connect so if I don't get a signal its useless.  It doesn't stay clipped to my vent so every so often it falls in the middle of my driving which is very distracting.  I also can't listen to my Siriusxm radio while using it since it uses my car speakers.	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	On mine the voice cuts off and the response is not heard in full and even with my volume up I have a hard time hearing the tone that waits for the command.  I connected one in my other vehicle (wife) and has a hard time connecting to it with her phone (even if my phone is not in range.)  I did add it to her phone. My vehicle Jeep 2017 and hers Sabaru 2019.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I still haven’t been able to talk to Alexa. I finally got it to play some music but unable to ask questions or find locations.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was on the list for this for over a year. Got myself so pumped up, only to be let down. Does not stay connected. Always says ""not connected to the internet "" or something along those lines. I have done every trouble shoot option. It is correctly configured to my phone and DATA. Works for maybe 5 minutes after I reprogram everything before giving me the same message. A huge disappointment, it has alot of potential for Alexa fans like myself, if only it would work :("	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high expectations when I purchased the Alexa Auto. Extremely disappointed with the final result.Every time I started my car, I had to go thru this ritual to make it work. Every time , the blue light turned on and stayed on. I would have to disconnect and reconnect the USB over and over. I also had to play with the only two buttons it has in order to make it work. When I finally got it to work, I couldn't remember what steps I took to make it work. it seems to be different every time. I was planning to buy an extra Alexa Auto for my wife's car, for when I used her car. I don't think I'll make the same mistake twice. I will say, I have Alexa product through out my house and I'm very happy. Just stay away from Alexa Auto.	1	November 26, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s great as long as you don’t want to listen to the radio or do any navigation on your system  Have to connect to the phone every time and then take off every time I want to call someone	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Often doesn’t connect without having to restart the app on your phone.  Great once connected.  It does make it hard (and maybe disabled) the normal communications with your home devices.  Love having daily flash briefs in my car.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I never would have considered echo auto except my insurance company had a deal through Amazon and there was no cost to me. I found it difficult to set up.  I am still not sure I did it, although Alexa talked to me letting me know my phone wasn't near. It will answer questions like my dot BUT it will use up data.  How much, I don't know.  There is no information on whether it is always using data, uses data when you ask something or uses data for music. Apparently it will read messages.  But I don't necessarily want messages read.Maybe I am just too old for this.  If it wasn't free, I would have returned it.  I like Alexa, just not this particular hard to figure out gadget.  Definitely not something for those of us not using or paying for unlimited data.	2	January 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is great, when it works.  I'm having trouble connecting to the network should be the new name for this device. It does this even in areas with good connectivity.  Bummer	3	April 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me first say that I am an Alexa loyalist. I have Alexa products in every room in my home. Getting one for my car was a no brainer. However, it just does not work very well. It often takes multiple repetitions of commands to get it to do anything. I have the latest iPhone so I’m quite confident it has nothing to with my phone that it uses to connect to the internet. Maybe there is a way that I haven’t figured out, but I would like to be able to set up a second profile for when my wife is driving the car and can use her phone.	2	January 19, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Why can't it just be on the power source???  Why the cord???  Wireless should always be the goal.  And when I try to use it in the car, it says it is not available 50% of the time!!  It doesn't recognize any of the commands that my house Echos are familiar with.  It just seems inconvenient.  I hope you are collecting all the feedback and coming up with a 2.0 and you should have us trade it in!!!  No cost!!	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	useless, every single time you have to open the Alexa APP to connect, if randomly say there is no network connection while it was not true.  very frustrating when you are driving and need assistant.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Connected once then disconnected. Very hard to reconnect a second time. Still have not got it. Going to have to call an expert.  Sound quality was horrible. All this is in a car without Bluetooth. That's where it's needed.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Seems every time I get in the vehicle I need to open the app and re-pair the echo auto with the phone. Cool when on a big road trip but getti g it online in a daily is a bit much.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Good for older vehicles that don't have bluetooth capability. Also works well as a dot at the house (wifi and connected to stereo system). A bit over kill and cumbersome for vehicles with modern stereos (too many cords going every where).	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It acts as an in-between for your car and phone. It requires your phone to be on and the bluetooth set to on in order to operate. It uses the internet capabilities of your phone. It still announces/drops in on other Alexa devices you own and I use it to start and change music in my car while I'm driving. It's a purely convenience thing for me. I don't think it's a must have, but it works just fine.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I hope to use this to add to my lists as I think of them. I also want to play music and podcasts. When it works, it's great! I've had challenges with it connecting to my phone and disconnecting when I turn on the car. when I'm in the car I can't be distracted by fixing technology. When it works I love it. I'm wondering when it can just be integrated in my phone so I don't need a separate device to clutter the car.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't know who designed this or how it has over 50% 5-star reviews, but this thing is awful. The initial setup is fine and is relatively easy, but after literally 1-2 key cycles the device will never pair to your phone, again. Not only that, you cannot even manually pair it if you want to use it. Every time it stops connecting, I have to do an entire new device setup. I even got them to send me a new one and it still does the same thing.The best part about this thing was I got a USB charger for my phone included. I could run this over by accident, or on purpose, and I wouldn't even feel like I lost anything of value.	1	March 21, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device does not play music or other requests from Alexa.  The only speaker output is when Alexa speaks to you.  You have to attach this device to an external speaker to make it work properly.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does not meet expectations.  You have to be on the app in order to use it  super inconvenient:	1	October 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"My Echo Auto was one of the 1st released and has CONSTANTLY been a problem.  EVERY time I get into the car, it says ""Let's Get Rolling"" and directs me to setup so I spend a lot of time trying to get it to work before I can even use it. One should be able to set it and forget it!  Lately, during setup, the Echo Auto is not even recognized by my Alexa App. Orange light is sweeping but it never shows  up on a list of devices despite being inches away from my phone. Unless they have significantly improved this device, I would look for another alternative.  Disappointed."	2	November 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Only works if you have internet access. The device holder does not work well in the vents, kind of a one size is supposed to fit all but it doesn't. Keeps falling out or shifting. When hooked to the speakers in the car the sound quality is not as good as the radio.The product is OK, but not the best. I have the Echo, Echo dot and Echo show to compare it to.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Extremely clumsy and inelegant setup.  It does not work well on round vents. There is a delay with Bluetooth which can be remedied by using the coaxial cable but that is just another hideous clumsy wire strung across the car.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased four of these Alexa Autos. Two of them work very well. One has not.worked well since day one and one works well sporadically. When they are working we really like them.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Mala experiencia Eres emocionante tener un WhatsApp para Manejar hoy es muy complicado usarlo	2	April 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The Echo Auto is pretty much as you'd expect from an Echo Dot.  I would have rated it higher, but it failed at main function I bought it for, hands free calls.I drive a vintage Jeep, though it has a newer bluetooth stereo, it has no microphone.  Though the Echo Auto obviously has a microphone, when you ask,  ""Alexa call home"", it defaults over to the nonexistent stereo's mic.  Really disappointing."	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Wastage doesn’t connect or recognize voice! Complete waste. What a stupid product!!!	1	November 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like this, but a few things I don’t like. Not deal breaker. The cords are too long and hang down and clutter up my car. I also have a hard time connecting it to my phone. So that can be annoying. Last thing I have to have it on Aux in order for it to work. I can’t listen to the music and have a item to add to my shopping list without having to switch it over.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My issues were pretty much the same as most other 1 star reviews. The only semi-reliable function of the Echo Auto was streaming music, and I don’t need a separate device for music in my car. I’d rather stick a rechargeable Dot on my dashboard that functioned via Bluetooth. Why can’t they make something like that? I feel like that’s perhaps similar to what the Echo Auto is intended to be, but it’s just not.You have to understand: My family and I *love* Alexa. I have a 1st generation Echo with voice remote, two 2nd generation Echo Dots, and a Fire Stick with voice remote. Dots are super awesome and if I had a bigger house I’d put a Dot in every room. I pre-ordered the new Echo Studio coming out November 7th and today I ordered the Fire Stick 4K for another television in my house. We’re loyal Amazon customers and we love Alexa! She’s like a member of the family! We were so excited at the idea of being able to bring her along with us on car rides.Sadly- Echo Auto is an utter disappointment, 90% useless, and not even worth the $25 promotional price I paid. It’s going back today. I can’t believe Amazon  even released such a poorly designed, poorly functioning device. This isn’t the Alexa we know and love.	1	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the first to get this by invitation only.  I love my Alexas and have three in my home.  This one needs to go back to the drawing board.  You can't use it use it unless you turn off your radio or anything else you might be using already.  I had major issues trying to get the Bluetooth to connect.  After a frustrating day of trying to get it to do anything I sent it back.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sound quality and microphone sensitivity is great.  I've only had a few incorrect launches.  My only real issue is with my existing Sirius/XM radio subscription there's just not enough reason to use it.  There's not enough uniqueness to it.  Now since my 2015 radio is in the process of dying this will potentially leap ahead in the coming months when I replace my OEM radio with something else.  For now though I just don't get the utility from it.	3	November 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Enjoy the ease off getting info or music from Alexa or making calls while driving but even though my phone and Alexa are no more than a foot apart, Alexa Auto loses connection from my phone quite frequently. Unsure of what may be causing issue	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Returned it. Was not worth the headache of trying to set it up	1	November 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Perhaps because my car is older (2011), the Auto Echo would not connect on a consistent basis when starting up my car. It would take numerous times trying to reconnect before it would work. My husband has used it in his car (2017) and it seems to work better.	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It will work great for anyone using Bluetooth or auxiliary input all the time on factory radio. I myself have an upgraded sound system in my truck ( multiple tvs including head unit ) and this isnt of any use to me as my phone connects to my head unit via CarPlay through Apple and pioneer but have tried it in another vehicle that’s stock and works great using the same way as you would at home as I do now in every room in my house	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was one of the lucky ones on the early list to get an echo auto when they first came out.  It has been installed in my vehicle now for quite a few months, but the truth is that most of the time I have the microphone turned off.  They either need to find a far better way of having the device integrate with your android phone, or they need to make something like the echo show for auto.  The number one thing you want to do when you're in the car, okay, maybe listen to music, but other than that, you want to navigate!  This doesn't do that.  It also does not integrate to your phone to do that.  Let's just say, I have been using this thing for several months, and I'm not impressed at all.  And this is coming from a guy that has three dots, one show, and one regular echo.	2	October 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It took well over an hour for techs to find the connection problem in my car, but I was told to move the unit to inside my home.  It connected perfectly and I was able to give it commands.  I moved it to my car and it did not work.  I think it will, but I need make some adjustments, ie turn on Bluetooth, etc.  I just haven't had the time to play with it more.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My phone has to be out to be able to use Alexa so it seems like the app on my phone is doing it and not the device also if you turn it off it mutes your phone.  I did not want my phone running through Alexa.  I had to completely disconnect it to use my phone (not through the device).  I’m not sure how I feel about it yet...  I wish it just accessed my hotspot and not use my phone	3	November 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I end up running. My phone thru a jack more than this. ...what I was trying to not do. It can't even get my own playlist right Heck it took me to spotty once when I asked for my playlist yepp.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The only reason I have this is because I got it for free from Nationwide. Had trouble connecting to my cars Bluetooth and after a frustrating about of time I fondly got it paired. The sound quality is good other than that it really doesn’t wanna work. When I ask Alexa something or give a command she won’t do anything I have to physically push the button and then it works. I would definitely not have bought this for $50 on my own.	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The vent mount bracket will not work on my vehicle in the location I want to mount the unit. My phone and the Echo unit disconnect occasionally, not sure if it is a problem with the phone or the Echo Auto? I have used it to make calls, navigate, make calls, and listen to music, it works pretty good doing these tasks. Overall I think it performs well, I haven’t had it that long, so I would like to add a update to this review at a later time.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing is very hard to use and it wouldn’t connect I wouldn’t recommend I bought something else that did the job with no hassle	2	March 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It never connects and I had to use the audio speaker cord..annoying.Edit:  if you have terrible cell service, this will not work for you.  I live in AK and service is terrible, soooo it’s not the echo’s fault.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would give it minus one stars if I could.  It is a waste of money. I was hoping for a true Echo in my car but this is nothing more than a microphone and speaker for Alexa on my phone. The phone has to have the Alexa app opened and connected to Echo Auto via Bluetooth. The Alexa app on the phone does all the work. So, when I get in my car I have to be sure the Alexa app is opened and the Echo Car is connected via Bluetooth to my phone. It's a pain. And, most of the time the Echo Auto is non-responsive. I quit using it after a few drives with it. It is far from being ready for prime time. I mean I can talk to Alexa on my phone just as easily without the Auto device.  There should be a device that hooks to the network in the car and acts just like an Echo Dot when the car is on. It shouldn't need me to make sure Alexa is open on my phone and the Bluetooth is working. Ideally, new cars should have Alexa built into them. Or the ability to add Alexa and/or other Amazon apps like the Music app directly to the apps in the car. Now that would be useful and cool.	1	November 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The device needs to open at least once the alexa app on the phone each time the car is on for it to connect. Then you can minimize it. Not such a big deal. However, it fails totally when asking to find a location. The alexa app suggests to try ""alexa, find a gas station"" when I say it it either offers to try a skill for farts or it just says, I'm sorry I'm not available to find information about locations at this moment. It only works if I say alexa take me home or take me to (a pre recorded location)The music feature doesn't work at all if you don't have Amazon music. I say alexa play music, and it says... Playing music on Spotify in the account of ""my name"" and the phone doesn't start Spotify at all being totally unlocked.I do not recommend this device. I am very tech savvy and I have tried a lot of ways to make it work. I use successfully my eco dot and eco flex at home with almost 20 smart devices without issue."	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have an older model car without a USB port to keep this device powered on, it won't fuction	2	March 25, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It seems like 50% if the time I make a request Alexa tells me, “I’m having trouble connecting to the network right now, please try again later.” Perhaps this is a Verizon issue but I swear even outside of that I have to repeat myself all. the. time.I use it pretty exclusively for playing Amazon music hands free, for that it works pretty well and I can’t speak to other features. I just wish I could make a request without repeating myself so often.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works and it’s cool, but distracting for me to use While driving in my 2011 Mustang on daily basis with my iPhone.  I’m sure Alexis works easier interfaced on late model 2020 cars. Was a lot of fun turning on lights at home. Making announcements. I have It In the car ready to  hook up when I feel like using it , but haven’t in long time. Try it yourself and form your own opinions, because it is cool.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the Echo series but this was a disappointment. It is good for music and searches for venues. But as far as directions go, forget it. It tells you if you are driving to do it when it is safe to do so. You also are told you need to go to the app for directions. Sorry, it's not worth the cost. I got to test this before it was available.  You may as just as well use your phone or your GPS and save money.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Honestly I’m super disappointed with this product. I bought it because it describes it as blocking out road noise and having several microphones for making calls while driving. I have an ‘08 Ford Escape that I have to connect this by aux cord to and there’s no way to make calls hands free In my car, and during my hour long commute I usually talk on the phone for half of it. Nobody and hear me!! Apparently I echo constantly and it sounds very staticky. So I can’t use this for the reason I purchased it. Plus, I find Alexa extremely finicky to use. She even struggles to start playing my books on audible, even though audible is through amazon. I end up doing everything with my hands that she’s supposed to be able to do. The one real good thing is that it has great sound quality for listening to Spotify through the aux, but I can’t even do that hands free.	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Poor voice recognition - ended up entering addresses manually through google maps. Good for streaming music. So so to bad for asking questions about surrounding area (e.g., “gas stations near me,” etc.). Amazon can do better (and does with its other echo products). Also, it does not appear to have the ability to add to multiple phones so if you’re borrowing your significant other’s vehicle you won’t be able to use it unless he/she is with you and has the linked phone.	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got the echo dot for a great price it took me awhile to figure out how to work it, and it came with a 3 month free trial for Premium Amazon Music. That worked great on the first try and then it never let me pick the music I wanted again it just stopped, and it appears that the Premium music is no longer connected, I just gave up. It's too much of a pain, and I didn't feel like calling Amazon for help.	2	July 13, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It didn't work for me. Even tech support couldn't get it to work. Bummer 🥺	1	November 2, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of this product, however, I'm disappointed in it. The device is constantly disconnecting from my Alexa app so I have to reconnect before using it multiple times per week. I wanted to use this in place of satellite radio but its definitely nowhere near the same. I subscribe to amazon music but the playlists are always the same and in the same order so there is no variety within the same genre or artist.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to use this but I found it to be a pain so I stopped using it after a week. It's annoying that a song will not continue where it left off after shutting off the car and turning it back on	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Initially, I was exited to get the convenience of Echo in my car. And when I first connected, I thought it worked quite well.Alas, the past few weeks have put a dampener on things, as I've dealt with constant connection issues, and spotty voice recognition. In short:Echo Auto CONSTANTLY loses connection to my phone and/or the app. So many times have I said, ""Alexa..."" only to hear that (now familiar) chime, followed by the ""I've-lost-the-connection"" message. Sometimes restarting the device helps, and sometimes it doesn't. More often, re-establishing connection amounts to a complete re-installation. It has gotten to the point where it's about 50/50 that I will have to go through the installation if I want to have Echo for the day. And I find myself bothering to to so less and less. Eventually, I see my self removing the device altogether and reboxing unless/until there's a firmware release of some sort which will resolve the issue.Total disappointment."	2	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product do not know how to connect alexa app in phone automatically. As per tech support it must be connected manually everytime. That wont work. Garbage!What a product and what a tech support... Cool!let me repeatam going to my garagestarting the caralexa is startingand it says it lost its connection to alexa app10:11 AMPaul | Customer Serviceyes, I did understand, it must be re connected manuallydoes that give you any errors?P10:11 AMeverytime i start my car?10:11 AMPaul | Customer Servicecorrect --- the device is not powered on and once you start it, it must connect so that it worksP10:12 AMthat wont work. you want me to start echo manually everyday i start the car?thats bad10:13 AMPaul | Customer ServiceI understand and I can submit feedback regarding that as well, however, as of right now that's how it must be done --- I will add some recommendations for the developers to work on that and probably that won't be neccessary in the future, however, that's something that I can't confirm or actually give you a specific date forbesides of this Nagendra, are there any other functions that you consider are not the best on your device?or maybe any other suggestions to include on my report?	1	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Works as expected with other Alexa devices but good God is the voice recognition absolutely horrid. That and you have to be very specific with your phrasing otherwise it doesn't know wtf you're talking about.I can't say ""what's the commute home like"" as it doesn't understand it. I have to instead ask""What's traffic like on the way home.""It's minor annoyances like this you think they would iron out in a product that's been out as long as Alexa has."	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Thought there would be more to this thing.  It does nothing that my phone connected to my car with Bluetooth.  I couldn't even get the mics to work.  Like others have said, having to charge continuously - and it still needs the phone - is ridiculous.  I get that Amazon wants to enter this market in some way but without a single added benefit beyond my phone, it is premature to introduce this product.  Maybe when I get rid of my Sirius subscription, using this for music MIGHT be of value.  2 stars because setup was easy.  Returning it.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the Echo devices in my home, so I figured I'd try the Auto. When it works. it's pretty cool. But more than not, it doesn't stay connected to my iPhone XS Max. Sometimes it will tell me it'e not connected. Other times it just won't complete the requested task. It's a great concept but my journey with this device has been riddled with bugs and disappointment.	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does not really meet my expectations, basically its a glorified bluetooth device for cars that dont have handsfree	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Did not work with my car.	3	October 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you have Siri or a car with touch screen/ easy to use entertainment system, its useless. She doesn't always connect so the effort put in to getting her to work on short commutes is more than just turning on music/ making calls yourself	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's just okay it doesn't answer the phone call when it's ringing all the time..it has connectivity issues most of the time..I give it a three for its alexa quality	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was really hoping they'd worked out the wrinkles of this device, but still couldn't get it to consistently function properly. When it first connected and bluetooth synced quickly, I thought, ""GREAT!"". I mounted it securely, hit the wires neatly. I was so proud. But over the next few days, it would only sync about half the time. When it did sync, it worked perfectly. Maybe my phone? Maybe my car? Not sure, but not a great experience for me. Hopefully, someone will come out with a reliable Alexa experience for the car."	2	May 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's nice to have all of your playlists available in the car, do texts and make calls hands free...when it works; however, it glitches often and wont do what you tell it to.  Also, the volume isnt consistent so when you make a call you have to turn your stereo volume up and when you hang up you have to quickly turn volume back down  or else it will blast you!	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got invite and I was pretty excited for this, went I got it I hooked it up immediately and much to my displeasure Alexa’s voice cut in and out all the time, it was only her and reinstalling it did nothing. Every time I got in the car the and tried to talk to her she said “lost connection with the Alexa app” and I had to get out my phone to reconnect which was pointless since I mostly got this to control my music hands free and could start that before driving anyways. The other main reason I wanted to try this was for directions and every time I tried it she would try to give me directions to one singular place in a different state. Only other complaint as someone whose name is very close to “Alexa” is that you can’t change the wake word at all. After a couple weeks I had enough and returned it.	2	October 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After using this for a few months now I feel like I can provide an accurate review. First and foremost I am really disappointed in it. The wires are driving me crazy and the device itself is lackluster. I’m not sure if my love for the echo and show have heightened my expectations too high but this device is not smooth Ike the others. It rarely stays connected and even when it does It still doesn’t live up for the echo family expectation.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The good:  She tells great g-rated jokes!  I love how she lowers the radio volume when I am getting directions.The bad: She will play the radio and then suddenly lose the connection and I hear silence.The ugly:  It usually takes a few minutes for her to connect to my phone in the car.  That means that either I use a phone app to get directions or I wait.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"On my 2018 Mazda CX-5, I lose Bluetooth connectivity when I turn of the car which requires me to ""add device"" every time I start the car.  Typically I don't remember to do this whenever I hop in and take off, so as I'm driving I have to either pull over and go through all the steps to add device or just go without Alexa and listen to the car radio.  Frustrating.When I do get it working, it is very enjoyable."	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The fact that it has to be hooked up by wires makes it less than the best.  Looks terrible particularly in cars whose hook up is in the middle console like mine. Secondly half the time it does not perform the function you ask for says it cannot connect try later or something to that effect. Needs improvement for sure but if those things were fixed I would love having it in the car!	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to love it so much! I have 3 echos, a hub, two fire tablets, fire tv, cloud cams and Alexa enabled thermostat... I looove Alexa. Im obsessed, but this is such an eyesore! I thought somehow I could make it look sleek, but it reminds me of having a cheap car without navigation and having to stick a plug in Harmon on my dash. It looks so cheap and straight out of the 90s. I wouldn’t mind the connection issues if it was better looking and did a little more. I’d rather have my phone open I’m the amazon music app and let Alexa stream through my phone’s Bluetooth connection. I’m shocked they even released this device. Maybe make it into a little plug with no cord? Or give it a tiny screen and Rechargeable battery pack  ?? Glad I got it at a discount bc I’m not going to be using it. Kind of wanna try the new ring though!	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Although this appeared to be a car that should be support I could get the device to connect and could get it to stream video through the connected jack and also through bluetooth, however, no matter what I did I couldn't get it to respond to the wake-up word 'Alexa'. Tried things like uninstalling and reinstalling Alexa app on phone and factory reseting the device. Watched multiple videos and am confident I was attempting it the same way as others, just don't think it works for this car.	2	July 10, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought the echo about 3 months ago. I have mixed emotions about it. I love when it listens to me gets things right. I hate when i ask it something and gives me a complete different question. It sometimes loses connection it gets frustrating. But when it works its awesome tells me the weather. Plays songs I like. Like i said I have mixed emotions about it.	3	March 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	All seems to be good with this tool except that after 20-30 commands it stops listening to me, and does not follow any commands. I have to unplug it and then replug it to have it working again. For 20-30 commands....Planning to return.	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it’s very convenient and works great, but it works less then half the time.I work out of my car a lot and constantly getting in and out of it so I thought it’d be nice to be able to just tell Alexa to play my music instead of me having to fight with my phone every time. Most of the time it disconnects from my phone and occasionally I’m able to get it to reconnect just by opening up the Alexa app but most of the time that doesn’t even help. I’ve turned it off and back on, I’ve tried hitting the button on it to manually activate Alexa but nothing works. It just picks and chooses when it wants to work.Definitely wouldn’t recommend to someone and won’t buy another one for any other vehicles.	2	March 28, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Bluetooth connection was slow but capable. However, constant notifications from Alex telling me to connect my device when I'm not in the vehicle were so annoying, that I had to turn the device off and delete it from my device list in my phone. If not for that, I would probably still use it. This is with all notifications turned off BTW.	1	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device needs internet connection all the time, period, even for requests like regular voice call someone from your contacts. Not happy with this. Hope it changes with future firmware update. $10 bluetooth receiver does this job without the need of internet.Other than that, pretty good microphone, detects your voice wake command every single time. Using Android Auto from phone has its own issues using the phones built in microphone  it doesnt pick up always	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn't work well with navigation.Ok phone and music apps at times where just pandora or I❤ will still play music.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice to have my shopping list assistant in my car now, bye Siri!  Some days it loses connection, some days it connects before I can get my bluetooth adapter for my speakers up.  She's just moody, I guess.  Downside is the $$$music streaming app pretty much required for her to be a true asset.  Probably going back to free Pandora but will keep Alexa around for notes & list tasks & verbally turning on my house lights before I get home.	3	November 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is the only Alexa product I didn’t not like. Used it perhaps twice and now it has a home in my glove compartment. I may give it another try but for now I would not recommend to anyone. My son bought one also and he doesn’t like it use his either.	3	August 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This thing took ten attempts to sync and work but the issue was it keeps losing Bluetooth connection one foot from my phone AND reconnects during phone calls when I have selected handset, earbuds etc. so freezing annoying.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i  set it up and it worked great, then i took it out of my car for a week or two and tried to reconnect it but can't get it to turn on, so disappointed	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not exactly a turnkey solution like the other Echo devices with Alexa.  In this case, you need it monopolizing your AUX input at all times, so you cannot listen to anything else, or if you do, you need to switch to AUX to interact with Alexa.  Each time you get in the car, you need to tune to AUX, and connect your bluetooth.  It just takes too much effort, and yes, I know that makes me sound lazy, but voice assistants are good because you do not have to do anything with them after the initial setup.  I like that I can play audio over the car speakers, but sometimes I want to be able to listen to the radio and just ask Alexa a question without having to make a bunch of changes to my car's audio system.  Also, the interface is slow, and it takes longer to recognize that you are talking to it.	2	October 31, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"How does Echo Auto work? NOT WELL! I am a big fan of Alexa in the home, but man, this tech was released well before it was ready for prime time (har har). First, the two wires that must always be plugged in to the car are messy... and then, your car audio must always be set to Bluetooth, meaning there is no seamless transition to radio or SiriusXM or any other choice... But the worst is the delay in Alexa hearing your command... where you are constantly tripping over your request and her response... You say ""Alexa,"" then must stop for a tone, then try to state your request... chances are 2 in 5 that Alexa actually ""hears you."" Such a bummer, because Alexa is the car is definitely the next logical step for voice command... but as it is now, this gizmo is frustrating and simply a FAIL more often than a success."	2	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was on the invitation list for...I don't know, six months or a year or something.  When it finally arrived, I was so excited for it.  I put it in a 2015 Nissan Altima which supports Bluetooth.  However, it wouldn't connect.  I must have tried to get it going five times before I gave up and connected it to the auxiliary.  I finally got it going but it kept saying, ""Having trouble connecting"".  Sooooo......I started over and got it going through the auxiliary again.  I turned off the screen on my iPhone 11 and began to drive and asked Alexa to play music.  ""She"" told me that the Alexa app needs to be open.  What the heck?  I can connect my iPhone to Bluetooth and use Alexa in the Amazon Alexa app and get the same result without added devices and wires in my car.  I was and am pretty disappointed in this product.  I only paid $24.99 for this since I was on the invitation list and I can honestly says it's not worth $10, let alone the $49.99 Amazon is currently selling it at.  Extra frustration due to the fact that it seems that Amazon is making it nearly impossible for me to return.  I can't even sell it online for $20."	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Functional and useful for a road trip, a few things fall short. My biggest complaint is phone integration. Once you play music, it stays active on your phone and the only way to stop is force kill the Alexa app. The device itself works fine and has amazing mic pickup of commands even with significant background noise. With the current way items stay active on your phone i could not see using this unless i was on a road trip.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo Auto connects right away to my phone.  which is nice.But for some reason, it has trouble waking up when I say the magic word.Also, I would expect podcasts to play via voice command, but I can't figure that out.Also, my wife says she has a hard time hearing me during phone calls.And simple questions like, what city am I in?  or What's my ETA home don't work.I've just come to expect more from the echo products.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Eco Auto is a promising product which seeks to achieve hands free driving experience. However for the price and the ambition, it's not there yet. It doesn't properly process requests and it gets triggered a lot. I liked the Integration with TuneIn radio and the ability to listen to podcasts in demand. However, I just can't recommend it for anyone and I will be giving away mine. Let's just say Alexa has a lot of catching up to do with Google Assistant.	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to start off saying that I have multiple echo devices in my home.  I love them. A lot. But after all these months I've come to the conclusion that my Echo Auto has to go.  It doesn't connect to other Bluetooth devices unless you have an Alexa app and that is a major pain in the butt.  It is pretty large for my Honda Civic and the wires are a bit messy.  Another  problem is that I cannot use the Bluetooth to make or receive  phone calls.  I just can't figure it out.  I can use it to play music but when I get a call I have to use the speaker on my phone.  It's frustrating to want to love something that just doesn't  love me back.  The only good thing is that it connected to my phone easily and without fail each time.	2	November 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is not ready!  Here are a few of my complaints:1.  It cannot ever connect to my phone without me stopping to open the Alexa app when I get in the car and waiting for the two to connect.2. Once they do connect, because the app is open, speaking to Alexa will get a response from the phone app and the Echo Auto.  They just talk all over each other.3. Phone data usage skyrockets while using Echo Auto.  That is likely because both the phone and the auto are responding, but it appears to be even higher than double.It really is a useless and terrible product.  I’m massively disappointed in Amazon for releasing such a poor product.  Save the money and just use the app.  That’s what I’m doing…	1	December 31, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of having Alexa in the car, but overall I have been disappointed. Most things I ask her to do, she can’t understand me or can’t do the task. I think road noise is part of the issue. It is also very awkward to put this in my car as the cord runs from my vent down to the plug by my gear shifter. It looks bad, but there is no where else to put it. It gets in the way as well.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I want to like this thing, and sometimes I do. I enjoy trivia every once and a while. I like I can make a call with my voice, although I could already do that in my car. It has a lot of trouble recognizing my voice sometimes. Also, when my phone goes from WiFi to Cellular it disconnects. I hate that it has to stay plugged all the time. I would like to see future versions with a charging option or wireless.	3	November 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We've found it hard to use once set up. We ask it to do something and it will ignore. Worked well the first time only.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Used for about 2 weeks. Not happy with it, had to send back. When connectivity was lost and regained it would randomly play a song that I have never heard of and wouldn't stop no matter how many times I requested. Also navigation would not stop even after arriving at destination. Very disappointing, I was really looking forward to using this.	1	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really enjoy having the device hooked up in my vehicle.  On many occasions, it's necessary to completely disconnect, power down and then reconnect the device to get it to work properly.  This is required when Alexa's responses are so rapid that you can't understand what's being said.  (i.e. - very fast-paced verbiage/voice response).  I've found that there's no other way to reset the device other than completely cycling the power and reconnecting the device.	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great device if you live alone, BUT, If your better half is at home listening to any of the home echo shows, dots etc. and you are using your echo auto, you will cause the home units to stop functioning.  Originally this did not come up because the only time I used the Echo Auto was when both my wife and I are traveling in the car on trips.  Recently, I've been using the Echo Auto on my bike to listen to amazon music while riding.  Today when I came home I noticed my wife was listening to her favorite station on her laptop.  She told me that our echo devices at home stopped working both today and yesterday, the days I was riding my bike.  I will put the device back in my car and only enable it when we are both in the car.  It's a cool concept and hopefully Amazon will address this flaw	2	October 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's been kind of difficult figuring out how to turn Alexa on in the car. Sometimes she comes over my radio and sometimes she comes over my phone instead. I actually got this because my husband's radio died in his truck and I thought it would work on his phone but it wouldn't. So he put it in my car and it's working on my phone. Go figure!!	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	She activates even when her name isn’t sad. A lot of the time you can ask her question, she will light up and never give you a reply. Even a.m. low noise conditions, you have to ask a question several times. Found it a lot easier to use the phone to get directions than to ask Alexa. As much as I would like to recommend this device, I cannot. I would recommend that you use the personal assistant build into your phone.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had other echo products and I was hoping this would be as good.  For the most part it's been a little disappointing.  I often have to repeat commands or requests.  It loses its connection with the app frequently or there is no response at all to voice commands.Outside of those issues, the sound quality is great when it plays music through the car stereo though, and it does integrate well with other phone apps.	3	November 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is my first time using Alexa and I must say it is terrible. The device takes like 10-15 seconds to boot up and boots up only after the car is turned on. Secondly, one has to wait for the beep before one can reply to its question, which means 2 secs wait before you can say anything. Thirdly and most importantly, it does not provide a correct response. Many times, it does not reply at all, even after you have answered its question. If you say 'Take me to the nearest Walgreens', it asks you about a Walgreens that is like 10 miles far. Even if I spell out the exact address eg. 2600 Mowry Ave, it refuses to understand it despite repeating it 5 times. I am much happier with my Google Assistant on my phone that does not cost me anything.	1	November 25, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received the order. Everything was ok, but when I opened it, there was a very long black hair inside the package....it was disgusting. Anyways, I sprayed and sanitized everything and I tested the product. Everything seems to work just fine.	3	December 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The most infuriating Amazon product there it. The concept and novelty wore off mighty quickly when after successfully setting it up I found it easier to use the alexa app on my phone.The worst issue is connection. This device drops connection far too often. Once connection drops I end up speaking to myself, as the device will not alert me that it has lost connection. The device will flash blue when it hears the wake word but then is mute. This happens around half the time I am driving.The second worst issue is also connection. The device remains connected to my phone after I arrive home. You have to completely remove all notifications regarding your alexa app in order not to have the last song you play on flashing on the lock screen of your phone. The most annoying part of it being connected when you are at home is that if you attempt to enter the alexa app, it will ask you if you are a passenger. I am at home and I am not a passenger. So you are forced to disconnect the link, but if you do then you have to set up the connection each time you enter your vehicle.This device is not practical, well thought out, and embarrassingly poor. Would not pay the regular price at all.	1	November 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Regrettably didn't recognize Spanish,  when ask for a song with the title in Spanish,  it get confused or play another song.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought it would be great but the cell service and wifi are not strong enough in this area and I had to pull into my garage for it to work. When I pulled the car into my garage it was perfect but I didn't need it then.	3	September 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall I like the device in my 2003 lancer always hooks up and works effortlessly with Bluetooth , but in my 2016 accord with Apple CarPlay it was a complete disappointment. Amazon and apple need to allow cross platform compatibility for it to work. It just doesn’t work correct and is confusing if you have CarPlay and like CarPlay adding an echo into the mix makes nothing work right consistently which is aggravating.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For a few, this might be a boon. For most, it will be a disappointment. If one does not have Apple's Siri or Google's helper. might be useful. But if you already have access to one of them, don't waste your money on this device.	3	October 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this on sale.  I hooked it up.  It works, sort of.  It runs through the app on the phone.  But there are too many issues to make it worthwhile.  Using this device means my maps program doesn't show up on the screen in the car.  That's a non starter.  The device bracket was on my vent.  It popped off the first time I hit a bump (and fell under my feet as I was driving the car).  While I like the idea of Alexa in my car, this device is not the answer.	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love having this in my car since my car does not have hands-free audio. I can listen to music just by telling the Echo Auto what I want to hear. However, half the time the Echo Auto doesn’t work because it claims it is having trouble connecting to my device (when my iPhone clearly says it is connected), so I am disappointed in that. If this worked the way it was made, it would be great.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This does not work anymore -- keeps dropping connection and misunderstanding -- it just says sorry I'm having trouble connecting right now randomly -- I'm using an S22 Ultra -- top of the line phone - I've also tried using an iPhone 10 / 11 / 13 and a Samsung Note 10 over the last several months as well -- no luck -- it just keeps having multiple problems - It worked great for a while and now it's AWFUL -- Don't buy this you'll regret it.	1	June 15, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Olny had it for about a week n it dont work anymore so now i dont know what to do should i return it and ask for a refund	3	April 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this because I love my Alexa at home, however it has it's ups and downs, first you physically have to look at it once you say Alexa to see that she acknowledged you, it would be nice if there was an audible tone so you didn't have to take your eyes off the road. Second it goes through the bluetooth on your phone, and sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, but when it does work it is great.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love the idea of Car Alexa, but she seems to have trouble connecting to the phone, and the Alexa app shows ""no device connected"" even though I see the device listed. A bit frustrating."	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this prior to full release and was so excited. Unfortunately it has been a disappointment.  It often (50% of the time) tells me it can’t do what I ask at the time or doesn’t hear me. It was a pain to mount.  The cables are annoying.  It basically just acts as a remote for you phone.  I have ford sync which isn’t the best, but it doesn’t really do much more that that.  Since I paid $25 I’m ok, but if I spent $50 I would have returned it.  I thought it was a stand alone device that used your phone for connectivity, it’s not.  It just connects to your phone and acts as a mic and speaker for Alexa in your phone, then it screws up your request.  I love every other Alexa device I have, this one just isn’t good.	2	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn’t always work, isn’t as good as regular Alexa. But the connection problem is the worst of it. Ok, when it works	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon introduced this product over a year ago but then sold it as an invitation only item. They released it again on Black Friday so I bought two of them for my family. I have since realized it's pretty much useless as I can just stream music from my phone through bluetooth so I gained nothing by purchasing this product. I'm an Amazon fan but the Echo Auto offers nothing out of the ordinary.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa echo auto looks good. But the call quality doesn’t have clarity on the other side.  The other side is experiencing echo.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Still a little buggy. Does not always connect when getting into vehicle. I mostly use it to play my music library. Does not always take command to play, often stops playing despite having a good wifi/bluetooth connection. Great idea and hope it gets better with updates. Great price at $25. Not so sure it would be a good deal at $50. If you can add Alexa App to your vehicle this device is not needed. Note that the Ford-Alexa app is very buggy as well.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was very inconsistent in the music quality, very crackly at times.	3	August 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very faulty device and looks messy with the hanging wires. However great in the sense that it adds a whole new experience to my smart home/life.	3	May 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was using via aux so my calls go through the Alexa Mics.  It pics up A LOT of ambient noise.  Not good for phone calls over aux.  Bluetooth might use the call mic so I am not sure about that setup.Still great and convient for audio playback.  Music and audiobooks.  I am returning and waiting for the next version	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would love to have this on all the time.  Unfortunately it was difficult to set up and it needs to reconnect every time.	2	March 19, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It took some effort to configure and install before getting it to work.  Actually, it took a number of searches on the internet to get it to function and a few guesses.  I configured it at home using a DOSS Soundbox as my car is 17 years old and does not have the necessary support connections to get ECHO-AUTO to play through my car speakers.	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Didn't know that you need bluetooth in the car for it to work through the auxiliary. I can tell Alexa to make phone calls or send text messages but I'm not able to play music through the stereo	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I followed the installation instructions multiple times without success. I called Technical Support multiple times without success. Finally, I never received follow-up phone calls to determine if installation was successful. Poor customer service!	1	September 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not bad. Great idea. Just hate that it has horrible connectivity. Always disconnects. I’ll just stick to connecting my car via usb. If you have a older car, probably be amazing for you.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I just wanted to be able to add things to my grocery or To Do lists hands free. I also liked the thought of accessing my Audible account hands free. I foolishly thought because I have had no problem pairing my phone in any car and never had  major set up issues with Alexa that I could have achieved this. WRONG!After an hour of not connecting, in which time Amazon had asked me to grant total access all the time to Alexa on my phone-it was still not working.  It was still  not working when a little animated video appeared and told me that every time I got in the car I would have to set my radio to the AUX, adjust the sound,  and wake Alexa etc (what?? - don't even want to think about Alexa when I get in my car).  On top of never achieving a true connection, I realized I didn't want to reset-everything in the car. Somehow I thought I could use it with my Sirius Radio and Uconnect.  Not working and I now don't like how it would operate when it does work.  I have a little notebook in my car for reminders and my phone does everything else really well-back it goes. Save yourself the hassle.	1	February 8, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Our whole house works off of Alexa, so we were excited to add a unit to our car, but it just doesn’t work as well as our other units. First, it takes a bit to learn how to sync it to your phone and car. It has a large obnoxious hanging apparatus and cord that now drapes across the front seats. Once the car is turned on, it takes a couple blocks of driving before it starts working. And, it doesn’t have any connection to our home units so it won’t play songs that we’ve paid extra for in the house (i.e. amazon music unlimited). It’s fun to have, but needs work. I’d recommend waiting for a more advanced version to be released.	2	August 25, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My auto insurance company paid for this, so I can't complain about the price. But I can say this product is not ready for prime time. The volume level is inconsistent. For example, your normal conversing with Alexa is at a good volume, then she plays music or gives directions at a lower barely audible volume. So you have to constantly adjust things just to hear. I was impressed with her microphones and ability to hear. But messy cables all over the place, a lame air vent holder... and or what? Music? We already have ways to play music and get directions in our cars. This adds nothing. This may be a good product one day BUILT-IN, but as an accessory, it provides no good benefit and is frustrating to use. Anything this can do, you can do better (and easier) with your phone and without sucking up wireless usage.	2	January 1, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After 3 months the housing fell apart, Plastic deteriorated had to tape it back together	1	October 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Really disappointed with this so far. Basically, the only thing I can use it for is playing music, and I have a car radio for that! I was excited to have the ability to ask Alexa for the weather or add things to my grocery shopping list while driving, but those features have not worked at all. Anytime ""alexa"" tries to ""talk,"" her voice is just cut out and I never hear a complete sentence. When asking her to play a song, she ends up talking over herself and again, cutting out then until the actual song starts. When I say ""talking over herself,"" it's like she's trying to say two things at once, such as ""Playing [song] from your library"" and also ""playing [song] from Amazon Music,"" but neither of those sentences are complete, because the second starts before the first is finished. If i ask for the weather, she will start to answer, but after about 4 words, she is cut off and I hear no more. I use bluetooth on my car regularly with my phone and have never had any issues talking to Siri, so this cannot be simply a bluetooth connection issue. It's something more, and so far, it's very disappointing. Certainly does not live up to the Alexa I have come to expect from our other devices at home."	1	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have not read all what this Amazon Auto can do. I had it connected  to my car with a tech from Amazon that was very helpful, but I can not connect it now. I am not happy that I have to buy a book to figure out how to use all of the features. that should have been included with package.  If I can get it or work it will be helpful. I guess. so far not impressed.	3	November 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa does not always respond to my voice to play the next song. I find myself just clicking on a playlist instead of using voice control because it was too frustrating	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was super excited to get this as my car doesn’t have traditional blue tooth.  I was also hoping I would be able to use it to go hands free in the car as well.  It has not worked out for me.  Maybe the next round of technology will allow me to bring my car into the tech age a little more.  I do want to try it in a “newer” car, but wouldn’t need it with a newer car.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Vent mount was returned as it did not fit my vehicle. Use has been a bit quirky, sometimes it works sometimes it messes up my Bluetooth connection with the car.  The most consistent method I have found is to unplug the echo when you park, and plug it back in after you start the car and your phone has already synced with the car Bluetooth (using dodge/Jeep/Chrysler Uconnect system).Once connected works well all be it a little slower than the home version.	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I first got it, whenever I would ask it to do something, it would respond that it was having trouble connecting to the internet, even though my phone had no problem doing so. I just figured I was in a dicey area for reception, and it did work very occasionally.For the last few months, though, whenever I try to use it, it tells me that it couldn't connect to my phone, and to open the Alexa app to connect it, which I would try to do, but phone said that it was already connected. I tried disconnecting and reconnecting, but still no dice. Meanwhile, whenever I'm in the house and nowhere near the car, I will get frequent alerts on my phone that it is now connected to Alexa Auto.In more than a year of having it, I would guess I got maybe 15 minutes total of use out of it. I finally gave up and disconnected it. Money and time down the drain.	1	April 17, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It seemed like such a cool idea. So I took advantage of the invite. But it doesn't work that well. Most of the time, it loses connection and a passenger has to restart the app to get it to connect. i really have to turn the radio up to hear it. It doesn't add that much to my car, just an annoying wire that keeps getting in the way.I'm glad I didn't pay much for it. I would not buy again.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Likes - It’s very nice having Alexa in my car.Dislikes - The mic has trouble picking up my voice. I have to turn down the music or really shout at the device to hear the command word. Also, guaranteed that every time I first start my car and request a song, it says “unable to play that song” and I have to request it again. Then it works. Small issue, but annoying that it happens 100% of the time.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa but in the car it falls off the holder and it can't hear you with out turning the sound down.	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You can't have the music up and say Alexa at the same time Alexa tends 2 not pick up unless u ask several times.  She always says it's offline. 🙄	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a decent unit. But, the mounting unit is very flimsy or is defective out of the box.	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I put in a request for an invitation for this and a year and a half later i was able to purchase one. I bought one to listen to music since my truck doesn’t have bluetooth. I thought it would be good  I have been disappointed. I can be sitting in my driveway while still on my wifi and it does wake when i say “alexa” or i should say yell “alexa”. You are able to play some games on it which is nice but i havent figure out hiw to navigate between playing a game and music. I should advise i dont have any other alexa devices in my home. Yoy have to have the alexa app open to connect to the device. It does stop paying music when u turn your car off. Overall when it works, its fine. But many times it doesnt and i have no idea why it doesnt. I would pass on this	2	October 5, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Alexa Auto.  The installation setup was quite challenging.  I had to have assistance with a relative who is a computer tech pro and it even took us a while to set up.  Now that its set up, I love it.  It is hard to keep it secure using the vent for ma car and falls off alot.  That drives me crazy that its not more secure.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"JUNK - do NOT purchase this thing.  I bought 5 of them, 2 for us, 3 for my adult children.  None of them work.  NONE OF THE 5 WORK.  They all, one by one, went from working well for about 5 to 30 minutes, to ""I cannot find a WIFI signal.  We're in the car, 50 miles from home - what the h3ll are you gonna do with a WIFI signal if you COULD get one??  Isn't this thing supposed to be bluetooth???  I was taken by AMAZON big time on this one.  So much for Amazon's customer service, with this thing there is none.  It's a lesson in total frustration.  Never again will I buy another Alexa device if this is what you get for your money with absolutely no help from Amazon.  They should buy all 5 of them back.  JUNK!  I only gave it one star because I had to to leave a review, my actual opinion on this is a minus 5 stars."	1	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This seemed like such a cool idea. The problem is, the alexa integration and sound quality are terrible.I tried a straightforward use case of ""I'll use this to start/stop/control audible so I can have better control over my audiobooks on my commute."" Terrible - the playback skips and stutters NON-STOP. The audible app works perfectly over my bluetooth, so it's definitely something to do with the Alexa app trying to control it.Same problem for using Amazon Music through the Alexa App - skips, stutters, and the Echo Auto has a hard time hearing over the music.In both cases, the Echo Auto would also occasionally think that my audio book or a song was trying to talk to it, so it'd briefly pause playback to ""listen"" - pretty distracting/annoying.I'm bummed because I had high hopes. The only ""cool"" thing about this thing, that I actually use and enjoy, is the Harry Potter quiz. (haha)"	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great idea but works about half of the time. I can count on having to reconnect about once or twice a week. And it tells me my phone has lost connection to the internet on a regular basis but I can get to google and listen  audible directly from the phone. I hope that there will be a new version that really works. I'm a big echo fan, I have 4 shows and 7 Echos as well as echo buds.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It worked at first. Now it wants me to go to Alexa to setup each time I get in the car.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"So far I've been very disappointing with my Auto Echo.  It actually does very few functions on your phone.  It will play my Amazon Music and I can command it to answer my phone, but it will not hang up the phone nor will it open any other apps.  I listen to a lot of books as I drive. I usually put on about 700-800 miles per week and thought this was the answer to my delima of having to constantly fiddle with my phone,. but it has not.  It will not open my apps ie Rush Limbaugh ,  Overdrive or Radio.com so I can listen to them..  When I repeat a command different ways hoping to find the right terminology that it will recognize, It starts asking if  I want to ""play a game""  They have a ways to go to get it truly functional."	2	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Maybe it will get better.  But I've had this for about a month now.  When I get in the car, sometimes it connects to my iphone. . .other times it doesn't.  It also seems to have trouble playing audio through the phone to the car via the Bluetooth connection.  I've found it to be frustratingly non-consistent in it's operation.  This device should connect directly to the car, and use phone hotpots for access.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited about it and still am, kind of. It just doesn't recognize my voice easily. It's the only voice app that can't understand me. It doesn't wake up half of the time when I try to start it. Once I get it going then it's ok. It won't hook up into the aux port on my bluetooth device so I didn't like that but I did it through my cellphone so it's ok.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I signed up as one of the early receivers of the Echo Auto I was really excited, but now I keep wondering if I should send it back. My biggest complaint is that you have to keep your radio in aux mode to hear anything it says, which is idiotic because it would be nice to listen to the radio in my car. I changed the maps/directions to Waze and thought that the voice activation would be great, but it requires you to click on your phone screen to get it going, which seems totally stipid because I can do that simply by starting Waze on my own. I guess if you are lonley and want someone to tell you jokes it's nice, but I have zero use for this thing as it is today. Very disappointed. Also don't love the long micro usb cable you have to use. Poor design, little use, don't buy it.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"An okay device, but needs improvement.Needs to lower music or podcast volume when it hears the Alexa command, so that it can hear me. Better response time- this thing is so slow compared to my home device. Seems to say "" I don't know that"" or hear key words incorrectly far more than the home devices on random internet search questions.The good parts are being able to ask time, weather, etc on the go. Also great for music and podcasts."	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have the echo and the dot so I thought I would give this a try and see if it would be better than my OnStar or android auto/apple car play. The first problem I ran into is the mounting equipment it comes with, and I even got the vent clip to try and make sure I could mount it, doesn't work in my vehicle (2017 colorado). The vent clip doesn't attach very well to my vents without looking likes its jerry-rigged, and the standard adhesive mount requires a flat space that my truck doesn't have anywhere in the middle. So its either have it halfway attached on a sloping area or look jacked up on the vent. The second issue I ran into is the fact that it is constantly turning on from road noise or me talking with a passenger when neither of us are saying anything even remotely close to the trigger word. Third, when I want to use it, I have to turn the stereo way down and roll up all the windows or it won't understand me. I tried sticking it out, and unfortunately, it never got any better and I got too tired of pushing the button to shut it up. Now I can't find the box or anything so I unplugged it and tossed it in the trash.	1	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the echo auto.A few issues. Getting in your car and opening up tbe app manually. Having to worry about the bluetooth being off, or issues connecting, having the wifi on and once it disconnect I'd have other issues.My fix was use an NFC Tag to completely a few tasks instantly.The tasks I set on my tag was. Disconnect wifi, turn on bluetooth open alexa app, and open Google maps. Solves like 80% of my issues.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It has a very hard time of staying connected. Often times I decide to use it and when I say Alexa, nothing happens. Fiddle with it for a few minutes only to find out it’s not connected to my phone. I think the reason is because my phone connects to the truck first, and then never connects to Alexa, but still I should t have to manually unplug Alexa, and search for it just to be able to use it.If I wouldn’t have got it for free from an offer, I wouldn’t have got it to begin with, but it very happy I didn’t have to spend money on it.	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It brake within a few days, but with a few drops of super glue I was able to keep using it	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would have been great if it had worked through my phone.. I don’t have the hook up on my radio that it needed ... can’t use it at all.. will be returning it 🙃	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had this for a while, I was an early adopter when the invites came out.  I originally enjoyed using it to control podcasts on the way to work.  However, I've finally given up on this device.  Two primary issues.  First, it would not connect with my phone consistently. (iPhone 7) I was frequently having to pair it with my phone, to only have it stop connecting a few days later.  Second, it gave my ten year old a way to hijack whatever we were listening to while riding in the car.  I let her pick the radio station often, but giving her control to constantly change songs half way through became a real driving annoyance.	2	August 29, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It connects great and is super easy to use. However the reason I bought it is because I don’t have Bluetooth speaker phone in my car. When I use the echo auto to speak with someone on the phone everyone complains they hear an echo on their end and can’t focus on what I’m saying.  Completely defeats the purpose of what I bought this for. I love that I can just call out to dial numbers and it recognizes my voice every time  but if I can’t speak to those people without the echo it’s defective in my eyes.	2	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've purchased so i can remove the XM Radio from my car.  This works pretty good and i like the fact that i can take Alexa on the road with me.  Having unlimited data is reason why I'm using this and so far whatever i can access from home, i can do so on the rd.  I have yet to take this for a long haul but should work the same as long as i can connect to my phone data/Internet.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works really well and is super convenient. Just hate all the cords, i hide them in my center console though.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I am n my car and I do not have android auto it would be nice to have the hand free mold default.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have had an echo since the first model came out over five years ago. I'm a huge fan. Just got my echo buds this week. But this piece of crap that I've had for about a year is junk. Now when it works, as in being connected to your phone, i think is great. However it constantly loses connection and tells you to reopen your Alexa app while you are driving.  it's been sitting in my armrest compartment for about six months. I don't consider even trying to get it to work anymore. Plus the vent holder they are including now i had to buy separately at the time because they wanted you to mount it with a sticky magnet on your dash, just brilliant. Since I go out of town and use rentals i knew that was a poor idea. So i bought the mount and just like one of the photos show, the cord holder came unglued and I lost it. I saw a few weeks ago that an insurance company is giving them away. Wonder how many accidents the echo will cause by people driving and trying to reopen the app? Joke will be on the insurance company. I'm shocked they actually opened this up for everyone to buy. Save your money, it's not worth the aggravation.	1	November 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have multiple Alexa devices and this one by far is the least impressive of them all . There are a couple of reasons I use this - Alexa music so that I can use this hands free to play any song my kid needs in the car and to control a few Alexa managed devices.This device has a tough time hearing you in the car and I need to repeat the same command multiple times which does get very frustrating  .	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It would not connect to the blue tooth and cause issue with my cellphone.  Directions are not the best. No phone number to call for help.	3	April 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of having Alexa in my vehicle but my only problem is it keeps losing contact with my phone. So every couple days or so when I lose connection I have to reset it all over again. Does anyone else have that problem	3	September 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It worked as advertised for the devices I have set up at home.  However, I do not have an unlimited data plan on my phone and it used a lot of data in the 12 or so hours I had it installed (not in use just installed).  I quickly turned it off on my phone when I got a data usage warning from my cell phone carrier.  I can do everything with the Alexa App that I can do with this item just with an extra step or two.  It is not worth amount of data it will use to leave it on and if I have to turn it on on my phone, then it is no different than the Alexa app.  I will be selling my device as soon as I make sure that I have all of my personal information off of it.	2	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Every time I try to set up voice recognition, it says there is an error and try again later. It works fine besides that, but no voice recognition makes it ineffective as a car tool.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pros:Easy to play Spotify playlistsConnects to Bluetooth automatically 8/10 timesGives directions for whatever your preferred map app is (Apple maps or Waze)Cons:Mic doesn’t always pick up “Alexa” when music is past 50%Has trouble hearing any place outside “work” or “home”Cannot make cellular callsOverall - pretty good but could use some refining. I’d wait for the next version. Definitely wouldn’t pay $50. I got for the intro price of $25 where you had to sign up.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo dot will automatically think It’s being called for an action when it is explaining that a certain app cannot be accessed with Alexa directly. There should be a fix that implements the echo dot from thinking that it doesnt respond to itself. All Apps supported by Alexa app should automatically be able to sync with voice command not having to park then directly go into the app you want to use just to be able to access it.	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes it connect immediately and other times it says I have to set my location again on Alexa app. When I do, still doesn’t see me. When it gets unplugged accidentally , it won’t reconnect then. Next day I go out and it automatically connects.Accessory cord is not long enough to reach comfortably into my center console to connect so cord is stretched tight between console and where it is on my vent.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This review is based on connection via an iPhone.  I had high hopes for this thing, but it has a lot of problems.  Luckily they are all software issues and could be fixed if Amazon wanted to.The good: It's simple to set-up, hears you clearly, has good sound and connects to bluetooth seemlesslyThe bad:- It requires Location Services to be ""on"" in order to use it.  I don't want Amazon tracking everywhere I go.  I can understand Location Services needing to be on if I want to use it for directions (which it doesn't work well for anyway) or finding the nearest gas station or something, but I don't use it for that so there should be an option to turn off Location Services.- It can't connect to Spotify even though the description says it can.  Since I got this for music and I have all my music on Spotify it makes this pretty much useless for me.  It works fine with Amazon music, but that is an inferior music service and only seems to use streamed music (not downloaded) so it uses a ton of cellular data- It uses A TON of cellular data.Because of these deficiencies I no longer use it and it's sitting in my glove compartment."	1	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Even when I love the concept, for new cars doesn’t make much sense to have it. Esthetically isn’t the best item to have on your dashboard. Now technically, I’ve notice that once in a while (I have the connection through jack plug, cuz Bluetooth doesn’t work in my car) my radio turn off from nowhere and it takes couple seconds to restarts, only happens when auxiliar mode with Alexa is on!	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This is a great thought of a device. There are some things this does well, but overall this is not ready to be a product yet.The voice recognition is what we all know and love from Amazon. I haven't had any issues with this device understanding what I am trying to say. My issues come in when it comes time for the device to actually work. I would say 80% of the time time this device recognizes what I asked, repeats it to me, and then does nothing. For example the following interaction occurs almost every morning:Me - ""Alexa, play 'your daily drive' playlist on Spotify.""Alexa - ""Here is 'your daily drive' playlist on Spotify""Me - *Waits for music to start* (repeat X10 before giving up and manually starting the playlist)Overall, this is not worth the money even at this price. I will most likely be removing from my car until they improve the functionality."	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall very goodBUTHaving voice recognition problems.  Me get improve with further use.A suggestion:  I find if I park in direct sunlight and later start up My Auto unit, the static is incredibly due to the heating up of the unit.  Now when I park I put a cloth over the unit so it doesn’t get hot.  Seems to work.Amazon may want to consider offering a hood to cover the unit when parking in sunlight.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am pretty techs but was not able to set it up. Back in the box and maybe I’ll try again😆	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not up to the level of you typical Alexa products! Though the device is compact it lacks functional ease of use. The voice recognition is subpar. It takes 2 maybe 3 times almost yelling for Alexa to understand my song request. Also it takes awhile for alexa to recognize the cell phone network and sync Alexa to the network. It is great to have the hands free feature. This product will be great once they troubleshoot the areas that need a little work.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"We love the Echo units we have in our house.  As a result, I was super-excited about the Echo for my car.  Unfortunately, this tech is not quite ready for prime time.  With my echo-auto unit, I would say that Alexa successfully executes about 1 out of every 4 commands I send her way.  The rest are met with a host of responses, such as ""I am having trouble connecting to the Internet"" {even though my phone indicates plenty of signal strength], ""I am having trouble connecting to Audible,"" ""I can't find. . . ""  Or, at times Alexa just seems to ignore my commands altogether (I get no response at all).  I have also noticed that when I connect to one of my Audible books through the Alexa auto unit, that Audible often fails to correctly log the time on the book (i.e. when I go back into the book, it starts at the wrong spot).  Anyway, I am hoping that at some point this tech will get much better, so that my relationship with Alexa in my car will be much healthier (at present, our relationships is very strained--as I spend way too much time being cross with her and far too many of our interactions end in anger and animosity :)."	1	February 14, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like having this for my car, but it did not make things as hands-free as I was hoping.  I still have to pick up my phone to do some of the things it should integrate with (i.e., Sirius XM radio).  I also have to turn down my stereo for it to understand anything I'm saying.  The concept is good, they just need to tweak it some more.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love being able to drive and use Alexa.  But she sometimes has issues with commands and Alexa app connectivity, which can frustrating while driving. Overall, I like it.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I sounded like I was in a submarine on one call and the other there was an echo for the person on the other line.  I cannot conduct business with this line of issues.  I used it full-time on a 7 hour drive and the people on the other end were not thrilled.  I blame the submarine sound on the fact my Rav4 is not a quiet cabin, but yet, I can't keep this item if I can't have 100% quality either.	3	October 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Purchased this to help keep my eyes on the road. My wife had received one of the first generation models and has enjoyed it. My experience with the newest version has been terrible. Setup was easy enough. It walks you through and doesn't take long. The issue has been with network connectivity and response. I will often get a ""cant connect to a network"" response. My phone has no issue connecting to the internet and Bluetooth shows connected. Remove and re-add from BT, still has issues. When it does connect, it is slow and doesn't give me what I ask for. I ask to play a specific hockey podcast, it start a serial killer podcast that I never listened to. I literally cant get it to play any other podcast. Music is not much better. Acknowledged that i asked it something with a tone, but doesn't play anything.My intent was to be more responsible, but I ended up messing with this thing more than my phone, so complete fail.I have since removed it and would return but I tossed the box."	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The idea is great, but still not all the way there. The Bluetooth connection with my phone is very unstable. I have to disconnect the device  from the power and reconnect for it to communicate with the phone. Besides, if it does have a speaker, why must we listen trough the car stereo? I mean, if you want music ok, but for simple responses, its an unnecessary complication.Maybe in future updates all this can be addressed.	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Case has been badly designed. - it can get opened while driving on not so perfect road. Once connected thru blue tooth to my Galaxy S9, have trouble to re-connect to new/replacement Galaxy. Thus, being useless with my new phone. Very unhappy with this Amazon product.	2	January 30, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received this free from my nationwide insurance company for being a loyal supporter... so I did not have to buy this... good thing I didn't because I myself had a hard time figuring this out... the directions are useless, there are steps missing when telling you how to connect... I did lose connections often... make sure you do have internet access.I have not tested how accurate it is talking to the echo auto yet, because I spend too much time trying to set up... but I finally have it connected, only thing now is when I turn off car to go in house or store and return later, I have to set up again... So cannot recommend this... maybe there will be some updates to correct this in future, I think amazon released this to soon, compared to the original Alexa & echo, they work just great.	2	December 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Voice recognition with certain words are hit and miss especially with the game feature.  I gave overall the product a 3 because I paid 49.99 for it and I see it will be on sale for $25.  I wouldn't pay the nearly $50 again for it if I had to do all over again.  I originally purchased for long card rides and the option to listen to music but she doesn't understand a lot.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this thinking it would free up my phone so I could listen to music on the car speakers and talk on my phone through my headset. Not so this is just a Bluetooth for your phone.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Cant use for travel...says it doesn't know where it is although the location is correct	3	August 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is a little difficult to set up if you are new to Alexa and I would like better if I were able to add another person's account to it when they drive my car	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Alexa and my echo in my home, use them all the time. I spend 80 min a day in my car so thought maybe this would add a little bit of fun to my commute. First of all the set up is not easy and the instructions are worth less. I really don’t like the vent mount, it is very large and takes up an entire vent and makes it useless. Also the little gadget that keeps the cord organized fell off the first afternoon I used it. It plugs into the cigarette lighter which is fine, but it would be nice if it could plug into the USB or have a USB port on the cigarette charger. So there’s some just basic design faults.Then there’s the fact that it doesn’t work, not at all. If you say something do it or try to ply a game there’s a delay so you can’t even hear it. Then when you ask for directions it asks you to get out your phone and verify the address. Isn’t the point supposed to be that it’s hands free. I just don’t know what this does that the Bluetooth in my car can’t handle. I’m glad I got this at a discounted price because it wasn’t worth that price let alone the 50 dollar price	1	September 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was very excited to have an Alexa device for my car. Like others, I didn't quite understand why it needed cords with today's technology but ... whatever. At first, it worked well. I used it for managing my shopping and ""To Do"" lists, and music. Tried to ask for directions but always got the same answer: ""I'm not sure."" No matter what questions I asked, except for weather forecasting, always got ""Im not sure."" C'mon Amazon, we all know you can do better than this!! After having used this device for 6 months, I  unplugged it. Why? Because when I ask for my music it quit responding. It quit responding to everything I ask of it!! Don't waste your money... LOVE the concept, but it doesn't work like the indoor devices. VERY disappointing! Amazon should be paying US $25 to test it."	2	February 8, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After few weeks of use the device broke while trying to put it away. I was left with half of it in my hand and half of it still stuck with the magnet. I contacted Amazon customer service and they immediately refunded.For the couple weeks that I was able to use it the device worked great and my son was super excited to be able to control the music from the back seat without having to ask me 😁	2	August 12, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited to get this product, as I’ve integrated Alexa into most of my daily routines. The voice recognition of Alexa is hit or miss, even when my car is quiet. I also thought the most useful part would be using navigation, and the fact the you still need to unlock your phone and hit “start” before the directions begin. I think these are all things that can be fixed through software updates, so I hope amazon works on this.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I had high hopes and figured it would work at least as well as the Dots and Echoes. Nope. The thing I wanted it most for was for voice-activated navigation.  But unless it's something in your phone's address book, it really doesn't work. If Alexa has to search externally for an address, most of the time it doesn't work. It either can't find the business in its search or if it does, can't figure out which location is closest...that kind of thing. As for playing music or audiobooks, it's actually easier to just do it from your phone because then you still have efficient control over forward and back, etc. I also hate that you can't change the wake word away from ""Alexa"", so you get a lot of false activations. So annoying! Overall, I'd say this is a bust."	2	March 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can't turn it offCan't hear music when on the phoneCan't cut off phone answering and text read out.....	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this a few weeks ago.  The sounds quality is pretty good.  The connectivity flakes out often.  I need to repeat myself over and over again.  Making phone calls are receiving phone calls isn't great.  Would like to drop in on other Alexa in my network, but doesn't do that.  If i open another app, it shuts down.  Its handy, but not what I would recommend.  May they get it right the next time.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I could not say my daughter's name in the car because it thought I was saying alexa. I stopped using it because it never did what I wanted by voice which is the whole reason and point to the hands free part. I would suggest you make sure you are clear and close enough to the speaker for it to understand you and want you want it to do.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"If you want to infuriate yourself every morning on the way to work, this is the product for you.  I usually make it about 10-15 minutes before I find myself yelling ""Alexa stop!  Alexa!  Alexa!!!""  It will usually start off ok, but by the third or fourth command it will start ignoring every other command.  Sometimes it will acknowledge the command and say it is going to do something, like play a song, and then never do it.  Then it will start ignoring commands altogether and just continue doing whatever it was doing forever.  The only way to break out of this is to restart the Alexa app on the phone, which is obviously not safe while driving.  It's also very slow.  If you're scrolling through a playlist and have to say: Alexa - pause - Next - long pause - song starts eventually, it's all much slower than simply clicking next a few times at the next stoplight, which I'm back to doing a lot of and was the whole reason I bought this.  I guess I'll keep trying and maybe a software update will improve it, since it seems to be app integration issues more than the physical product itself.  But I would not buy it again."	1	January 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Why do you need a device when you can enable bluetooth on your phone and run Alexa on your phone that connects to your cars bluetooth? You have to have Alexa running on your phone anyway.. I have nothing but pairing issues with this device, it's useless.. the ONLY scenario that I can see buying this is if your car doesn't support bluetooth - you still  need a USB connector to your car radio.. When I purchased this device, for some reason I thought that it would connect to my cars wifi and work the same as my echo at home.. no need for my cellphone/pairing but it doesn' twork this way.. this device simply lets your phone connect to it via bluetooth which is then hardwired via USB and then you still need Alexa running on your phone.. not happy with the minimal information on this device as it was misleading	1	August 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This works good most of the time. It adds Alexa to my auto but that is about it. It tends to lose connectivity when it rains.  But when it works you can tell Alexa to make calls and read messages, as well as give you news and other things. You can make announcements at home when you are on the road too. It's good most of the time but it is bad about disconnecting.	3	November 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do love my echos, however this one has a couple of kinks that drive me insane. Sometimes after finishing a call,even though she will say there's no call,  it won't connect to play music because it insist,  it can't play music while on a call. Other than that, the mount is not the best. A better mount that's not for the air vent would be appreciated	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was very excited to get my Alexa Echo Auto.  I believe there are still some bugs that need to be ironed out.  Attempted to use it on a trip.  It kept telling me it was having trouble with the signal.  It wouldn't work more than it worked.  I've had it for a couple of months, I'm so disappointed that I haven't used it since.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Perhaps I could have read the actual product description more closely, but when I made the purchase it seemed pretty clear that Echo Auto was a way to bring Alexa to your car, using your cell service on your phone.  What was not so clear was that you had to have the Alexa app OPEN on your phone (with your phone unlocked and active), AND I had to have my radio switched to the auxiliary input to get any sound to sync at all.  This defeated the purpose of having voice commands entirely for me.  I essentially had to set up Alexa before every car ride - first by switching my input (keeping me from listening to the radio in the car), then by unlocking my phone (and iPhone), and THEN by opening the Alexa app.  It was not convenient for me at all.If the concept was, “plug an Alexa Echo Dot into your car” and the device works exactly like an Echo Dot, then it would be convenient and I would use it every day.  Unfortunately, Echo Auto is basically “use the Alexa app, but with an added small electronic device attached to your dashboard.”  It doesn’t really add any value to the Alexa app as a stand alone service.	1	December 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Often my Alexa-auto is not be able to connect with my phone.  I have to pull over and open my phone, close my app and reopen.  My phone has to be open to the app and plugged in at all times.  The device seems more like a bluetooth microphone than an Alexa device.  This would be fine if not for the price ... a bluetooth microphone would be cheaper.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There is really not a lot to say about this device. I’m a big fan of the echo and echo dot, but this is a bit more gimicky. It works fine but looks a little clunky with the usb wire. It also doesn’t really do anything more than most phones that integrate in to your car wirelessly can do (ex “hey Siri” feature). But if you can get past the looks, it works fine.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"This product has the capability to be incredible, but there are a lot of kinks to work out.  The connection is lost often, which requires one to restart the device.  When you pause a song and tell Alexa to resume, it doesn't always work.  Many times, it says ""Resuming from Spotify.  What song do you want to play?"" instead of picking up where you left off.  The voice recognition is also spotty. Great potential, though!"	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have tried to set up 2 times the first time it connected. When we turned it off then turned back on it would not connect only talked to me I tried for about an hour then gave up reboxed have not tried again. I was going on a 1400 mile trip and my wife and I was so excited to use this now we are kind of upset. What can I say .	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I tested our the Echo Auto parked in front of my house and it worked very well.  I tried driving with the device and it literally could not complete one single request because every 30 seconds I would drop internet service and then rejoin a network.  The success of this device is entirely dependent on the quality of your internet service while driving.  For me, I get dropped every minute or so, making this dysfunctional.	3	November 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I haven't been able to use it since I can not get it set up with my car.  I am sad because I really wanted this in my car.	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would not connect all the time.	3	September 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I live in a rural area and found it very hard to install, also loses reception quite often.  Customer service was helpful in getting it to work but I'm still not sure if its working properly.  I have to open the app on my phone each time I start car to get it to connect and I have to drive somewhere with good cell service to do that.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Sometimes it will not connect to phone app so I have to do the connection step all over again.*UPDATE November 2020its been a while since i had this, i love and hate it; When it works its great other times i just end up switching to the radio, this thing has always had connectivity issues <some amazon dude tried to reach out to me about my problems with that but they treated me like an idiot with questions about did you update your phone......> but now it has started to glitch, i use the wake up word ""alexa"" (by the way i really hate how you cant change the wake up word to echo instead of alexa...still.........) and it just shuts off right away wont let me talk so i have to use the wake up word again until it hears me and does what i want it to do so it seems to me like the mic is glitching and wont wait for me to do the command after the wake up word. i would still rate this device 1 out of 5 stars, Amazon please update its software or come out with a better version of echo car and please allow me to wake it up using ECHO instead of ALEXA, ALEXA its just dumb"	1	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	With the volume at a reasonable 30% I have to yell ALEXA! to the point where I have almost lost my voice. Its only a matter of time before I throw it out the window. Alexa has caused more stress in my life than it's worth. I have damn near every alexa device one in every room, complete smat home set up. Make your life easier they said? Personal assistant? Yeah right, my blood pressure is through the roof because of her. The technology just isn't there yet.Update: Yep threw this bitch out the window. After having to repeat myself over and over again just to play one song or for her to tell me something way off topic I finally had enough and threw it out my truck window.  The multiple echoes and dots are going in the fire place next. Roughly $1000 in Alex products that are not worth the box they came in.	1	July 8, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not very dependable, having to constantly restart it to get any use out of it.	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Liked it at first but then it started saying the connection is poor.  Try at a later time.  It didn’t recognize my contacts well at all.  I had to say things several times to get it to work properly.  I’ve only used it a few times but thought learning curve even though I have 4 echo spots in my home.  I’ll update after further use.	3	January 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I haven't been able to get it to work yet. I'll have to have more time, which seems to be in short supply right now.	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you always leave the Alexa app open, it will normally connect automatically.  If not, restart the Alexa app.  On few ocassions, I have had to restart my car.  Alexa Auto gets confused sending texts and calls if a person has two phone numbers (one marked as default). Overall, I like the voice recognition to play songs, ask questions, and request navigation.  Alexa's cloaking mechanism only works part of the time (disabled by cops in vicinity).	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Im sure this would be great in an older car that doesn't have the bells and whistle package our Kia Niro came with. I plan on setting it up in my older 2005 Jeep and see how it goes. I might give it a higher rating after I test it out in the Jeep.  Also you have to take into consideration your phones ability to hook up to more than one blutooth device.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A solution in search of a problem. Don’t get me wrong. We love Alexa. She lives in almost room in our house. She controls the lights, checks the doorbells, lets us know who is in our driveway and settles disputes between the kids with the “who’s turn is it?” skill. She’s great. She’s just not great in the car. First you ALWAYS need your car on the Bluetooth setting for this to work. Most of the time that’s our audio source, but not always. Strike one!  Then there is the lag when getting her attention. You say her name to wake her and then need to wait 3 seconds for a chime to confirm everything is working. It’s a subtle but annoying issue. Strike two!  Then, it’s hit or miss. Simple things like “what’s the weather forecast” work fine. Asked to play Beastie Boys from Spotify and sometimes she will, sometimes she won’t. You’ll be told to close Spotify on your phone and try again. Or you will get the confirmation tone, but the music won’t play. Strike three!  While I’d gladly add another Alexa to the other rooms in our house, I have no plans to add her to any other cars we own. I’d save your money and skip this if I were you.	1	November 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love the idea of having Alexa in my car. However, it drains my phone battery when not in use. The only way to stop it from draining the battery is to completely turn off the app and reconnect from scratch everytime I get in the car. At that point it's not really worth the hassle. I've decided to only use it for long trips which don't happen that often but it's cool.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I've been using this since 2019 it's now Dec 2021 and I've had a lot of time using this device. This device works good most of the time, I like that it automatically connects to my phone, and the voice recognition works well most of the time. We have poor cell reception in my area which is not this device's fault but sometimes even when I have 4-5 bars of signal it still has trouble connecting to the internet.	3	October 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it’s great however it drops connection constantly and has to reconnect. I have one and I gave one to each of my adult children for Christmas, they have the same problem.Wouldn’t recommend.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got it for 19.99.  It’s worth that but do not pay 49.99 for this thing.  It works just like your in home Alexa but feels like almost a waste in a car unless you have no Bluetooth already.	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the thought process behind the device, however it does need some tweaking. The first few months it worked just fine, but over the last few weeks I have been getting regular momentary drops in the audio and the app seems to lose its connection quite often, even in areas with full cell reception. I am hopeful that this can all be corrected with a future update, otherwise I am not sure that its worth the hassle when other options exist.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It connected once and after that it won't connect again.We did all the trouble shooting to no avail	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a fairly sensitive microphone.  Mine was poorly constructed.  It fell off my dashboard into the front passenger seat and separated in two.  I believe that the 4 screws that hold it together were over-tightened in its manufacturing process.  The plastic posts must have been cracked when I received it.  It's also very hard to get this thing to sync.  I managed to sync it once and it worked fine for about 2 weeks.  After that, it wouldn't sync up anymore.  I'm not sure it's worth the time to send it back to Amazon since I only paid 19.99.	2	November 30, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the Alexa portability, I dislike the light up area. Should be on the top, so it can be seen from different angles. Because of the way it has to mount in my car, the visibility of the portion that lights up when it recognizes your voice is tough to see. And when it’s tough to hear the chime the best way to know if your voice is acknowledged is when the device lights up.	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Pretty neat product, although very glitchy.  I mostly use it for music on Spotify and Amazon music (Spotify has way more music available).  It only works about half of the time.  It often responds normally, but then does nothing.  Other times it sounds the tone that it is listening, but then does not respond.  My insurance company bought it for me, so It was free, but if I paid for it I would be disappointed overall.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Everyone I talk to says they get a terrible echo which makes it unbearable to talk.  Therefore, this product is useless. Unless I just need to listen to what the other person is saying.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The set up is not very intuitive.  I have completed the set up instructions and I have the Amazon app installed.  As result nothing work with the audioI am ftustratred	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this for ONE Reason: to use my aux-less iPhone in a car that is too old to have Bluetooth but new enough to have AUX and USB ports (2011 Pilot).  Since Apple removed the aux/headphone plug from its iPhones, and since the aux to lightening adapters are crap and die, this Alexa Auto is the best solution yet.  I plug the Alexa into my car via aux plug, and then connect my phone to Alexa via USB, mounted on the dash, and viola.  I can play music and listen to books, which is all I wanted.  I can make calls, too, but the audio isn't the best.  This seems to still be in beta mode, as others have noted, and it has room for improvement.  Good effort, so keep trying, Amazon.	2	March 3, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	She doesn't always respond to prompts, and when I play amazon music she won't pause or stop when asked. I always have to change inputs or just turn the cat off. When this happens she continues to play the Playlist  to herself.  She also loses Internet connection way to much. But when she is working she is 5he best personal assistant.she's great with traffic, news, directions etc. I highly recommend echo auto because when she is working she is awesome.	3	October 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Idk I guess I’m used to the Alexa devices at home that I figured it would be the same.I didn’t like that I had to have my Alexa app open at all times for this device to work.It was hard for the device to understand and when it would, it would cut off at the middle of the sentence.I didn’t like it much. I gave it to my brother he has more patience than I do. Lol.	2	July 15, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It keeps falling off the mount, breaking open and showing the motherboard. Also stops working in deadzones even though I have it plugged in and unlimited data. Not my favorite I prefer aux adapaters	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	As someone who does not have Bluetooth capability through their regular car system this was a great addition for me. It is a little glitchy where it has to reconnect each time you start up your car but the sound quality is good for music and calls when working perfectly.	3	July 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this mainly because my car didn't have bluetooth. about 30% of the time, Alexa says she is not connected even though I show full bars LTE. Once you are actually connected, it functions very well. If I had a bluetooth enabled car, I don't think I would buy this product, but it is good value for a car that doesn't have one where you have to put the cable in the AUX port.	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had (incorrectly) thought that the echo would allow me to voice-command calls to anyone in my contacts.  But alas, only to people with Echos.  Although I could play my audible books thru her, I could also do that just with the Bluetooth on my iPhone (as I have done for years). I’ve since learned that Siri will call anyone in my contacts, answer assorted trivia questions, etc., so my Auto Echo is unplugged, in the console...	3	October 26, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have 6+ Echo devices. The Echo Auto misses the mark. The concept of Alexa in a vehicle is great, especially with more states adopting a hands-free law. The design of the Echo Auto is awful.1) Your vehicle input *must* be on Bluetooth for Echo Auto to work. This is advertised and was understood prior to purchasing but in practice it’s poor design. You can’t listen to the radio or a CD if you want Echo Auto listening for the “Alexa” wake word. You could listen to radio over an Internet app but it’s an extra step to setup. CDs aren’t as popular now but it’s nice to have that option.This is a software problem - Amazon should setup the device like Google Maps, which has an option to play directions *over* Bluetooth. This allows you to hear directions on any input because the vehicle treats the audio like a phone call and overrides anything playing.2) The device is too big. It could easily be half the size.3) The device should come with a sticky pad or an another alternative to mounting on the air vent.Overall, I’m disappointed and returned the product after 1 day. I’ll wait for Echo Auto 2.0 when the design is improved.	1	March 12, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a nifty device. Fits well on the air vent. Sound quality is good using the analog cable into my audio system on the car.Now for the bad stuff:#1) All too frequently, I get the message that the device is unable to connect to my phone, for unknown reason(s). It advises me to try later, but try as I might it still doesn't work! Only solution I've found is to reboot the phone which is a pain.#2) Controlling the playback of audio content is not always performed by the device. Response can be slow or just not executed at all.I did like the integration with Google maps and the ability to navigate using voice commands to the device. Once it understood the request it seamlessly sent it off to Google Maps and the navigation directions came thru the car audio which is nice.	2	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is the beginning of a good device however it needs more of the ability of the home based units. If you didn’t have to say”Alexa” every time it would be a little easier to use. The “cannot connect” gets annoying...I will give them some more time to tweak the device due to it being new.It is nice to have it in the car and be able to stream Pandora, get Fox News and the weather.	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto is a great concept but in execution it struggles a lot. For the first few weeks echo auto wouldn’t connect or set up properly. After a lot of hard resetting and trying again I it eventually worked for the long term.Somethings that annoy me:- The Alexa app needs to be running on your phone in the background. If not, Alexa won’t work.- Alexa sometimes doesn’t work when I have my phone plugged into my car through USB play.- Alexa is triggered by radio/music/audiobooks a lot.In the end:I have echo auto mic on mute most of the time. And I unmute it to try to play a specific song only to find out that Alexa can’t connect (likely because the app is closed) and I have to open my phone manually anyway.It’s just not as useful as I originally imagined.	2	December 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There were issues with connecting the device to the Alexa app a few times. The Alexa app assumes you are in the car even when you are not and asks if you are driving before letting you control it. I assume it will improve with time but I would recommend waiting for the bugs to be squashed.When everything is working it is nice to add things to the shopping list, select specific songs to play and get the weather while driving.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hooking it up was easy, but getting it to work was difficult. I attempted to follow the directions, but my car had to be on AUX to be able to work with Alexa.  But then I lost my radio and phone calls coming through the blue tooth. So its available to me to hook up if I need it but prefer the radio and phone calls on a regular basis.	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"- Couldn't connect to my 4G tablet to use a larger screen for GPS.  Seems to allow phone devices only.- Voice recognition was sluggish compared to WiFi version.  Thought commands were ignored because it took 30 seconds to get music started playing.  Also, couldn't give commands in one whack, had to wait for beep after ""Alexa"" before continuing the rest of the command.- App on phone had to be run non-stop with battery optimizations turned off -- resulted in 3 charges per day to keep battery from going dead.  App also made phone practically unusable due to unresponsiveness (near-flagship phone too).  I'm talking about 15-25 seconds to respond to button presses in most apps.Better solution : use an Echo Dot in your car, give it hotspot Wifi from phone, feed 3.5mm audio into Aux input. Way way way better experience.  No app needed on phone that way."	2	October 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I first got it, it took a couple tries to set it up. My car doesn’t have Bluetooth so I had to connect it to my aux. Sometimes it randomly disconnects from my phone and it’s annoying that I have to reopen the app to connect it again. It Doesn’t always register my voice at first so I’ll have to repeat myself.  When it does work I’m pretty happy with it cause it’s helpful during my long drives.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works, it works just as good as the home Alexa unit -- which is to say, it's so-so.  The voice recognition is average, works most of the time, but for example, many popular musicians, album names, or bands don't get recognized.  We don't speak with any accents and I would rate our English as normal sounding.The main issue is that it can't connect to your phone if it's in power saving mode and the Alexa app has been closed (by the phone automatically after you open a few apps).  So you have to manually get your phone and start the Alexa app again for the Echo auto to work.I know this is a setting I've actively chosen but I don't see a way around this.  I'm on the road most of the day so I need to keep my phone in battery saving mode.	2	November 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Install was quick and easy. However, it does not handle weak cell service. While I could use google maps on my phone, I could not get Echo Auto to handle my request.When I had a good LTE signal things were fine but when my phone dropped back to a slower connection the Echo Auto was not able to process any requests.UPDATE #1:I gave up on using the Echo Auto but decided to give it a do-over after a couple months. Things have not improved much. It does not handle ""less than perfect"" cell service we'll.The biggest problem is that, when it doesn't work well, it promotes a lot of trial and error which quickly distracts the driver from paying attention to driving!When it works it's a ""nice"" addition but when it doesn't, it has the potential to cause distracted driving. It warns users of this potential situation."	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hade 2 call amazon 3 times 4 help finely got it to work with my phone even though my phone was playing in my car speakers. Came out the next day was not paired had 2 call amazon again this time they go it paired again  but after hanging up my phone is not paired with my car and I can't get paired again and this is something that I have not had problems  doing before that . Don't have a problem with it being paired any more but phone is still not coming through my car speakers	2	February 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn’t work like it should	2	May 9, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I did not know this would not work in my car.  Apparently you need a radio with a plug in and my 2002 car doesn't have one.  I have given to my son to use in his car but so far we have not been able to figure out how to switch the control to his phone and not mine, so I don't know how well it works.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got mine back in July of 2019 and I returned this device less than 5 hours after I opened it and tried to get it to connect with my phone and my vehicles bluetooth.My intent for this product was for road trips - instead of trying to find a radio station as we went along our merry way. I thought wow this would be so handy I have a ton of songs on the app on my phone and this would save us the headache of retunning the radio in our vehicle.What a joke and the punch line is on the consumer.Yes 5 hours after I waited for over a year...I followed the skint instructions that came with it and then had to do youtube searches and even that did not help.This device has so many issues that even when I was trying to get Alexa to Connect when the device told me I needed to do this and that the volume quality and sound was sub-par.It is so beyond frustrating and disappointing that to go on about the issues that I had would be pointless.I guess if I were an engineer with a Phd. I would have been able to sort it out.Not worth the money or time.	1	November 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It's a great concept but it needs so much work. It cuts in and out all of the time when I use it to play my Amazon music. I'm finding I'm having to revert back to my phone to play the music I want. Its voice control features are a hit or miss when. I say ""skip"" or ""next"" song it stops playing all together or plays something completely different from what was on."	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have multiple echo products in my home and like all of them.  I was hopeful for this device.  Unfortunately, it was an utter waste for me.  In order to use it, the vehicle audio system must be tuned to either bluetooth or aux.  THAT MEANS THAT YOU CANNOT LISTEN TO THE RADIO/XM RADIO AT ALL IF YOU WANT TO USE THE DEVICE UNLESS YOU STREAM IT OVER YOUR PHONE AND USE CELLULAR DATA.  That is completely ridiculous.  I do not wish to use my data to listen to the same things I can listen to for free on my radio (am/fm stations) nor do I want to pay 20.00 more a month to use my data to stream sirius/xm radio over my phone to the bluetooth input on my head unit.  Until and unless this device can pass through the tuner from the car, it is utterly worthless IMHO.	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Disconnects from my phone daily. It’s a great concept but not ready for market.You already have Siri and Google on the phone, why do you need Alexa who is never connect and requires your phone GPS to do turn by turn? It’s ok, but not very valuable. Plus, amazon still can’t get the amazon tap to work in stereo pairing! Epic fails. Fails.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works fine in a Tesla Model 3.  Stored it under the center console connected to the 12v DC.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn't work nearly as well as Roav Viva. We had to wait on our invitation for this for so long we ended up getting a Roav Viva. It is great. We got a second for another car. Still super. Finally got this. More difficult to install and get set up, but got it working. But every time I try to use it, it isn't connected to Alexa and I have to open the app on my phone every time. I never have to do that with Roav. If I have to open the app every time I get in the car, I'm not going to use it much. Get a Roav.UPDATE 1Amazon did try to reach me, so I give them credit for that, but I really haven't had time to try to mess with that.UPDATE 2Since getting a new phone, I have not been able to use this at all. The Roav was no problem. 2 of them actually. This? I can't even find it in my Echo devices to remove and re-add it. Tried following the trouble shooting directions to add it, get the sweeping orange light, but the phone app never finds it. Not worth the hassle. Haven't totally given up yet, but very close to just throwing this away and getting another Roav.	1	November 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had high hopes for this Alexa device, but it turned out to be a total waste of money.  The device does not connect quickly via Bluetooth, and when it does it slows down the performance of the in-dash radio and the connected phone.  You find yourself having to shout at the device, and its response is so slow that it becomes aggravating and distracting.  I ended up disconnecting it, and will not use it any longer.  The worst part was how long it takes to connect via Bluetooth, I would be driving for 5 to 10minutes and then all of the sudden it would connect and disrupt whatever I was listening to.  Just a useless product all around, you're better off just using Alexa straight from the phone.	1	January 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	What I like is the way it works. Amazon is my hero. What I don’t like is that I don’t get any of the deals. I’ve already got audible so I don’t qualify. I’ve already got the other subscriptions so I don’t qualify. What do you do for loyal customers who support you everyday shouldn’t there be something for that after all these years?	3	February 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the echo auto works its handy. But more often then not it doesnt work right and it take some tinkering to get functional. Eveytime i get in and start my car the echo says it lost connection to the app, and it requires me to force stop and reopen the amazon app for it to be able to connect again (even if it was only off for a minute or two like when getting gas). To have to restart and open the amazon app everytime i get in the car defeats the whole convienience of having the echo in the first place. Secondly the vent mount is not vey well designed, with the echo attached the assembly is ratber heavy and forces the vent its attached to to sag all the way down almost to the point of the mount falling off altogether (simple fix would be to offer an optional dash mount. But no such product exists).	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’m still learning how to use it. I don’t like that it uses my data but how else is it going to work. I’m sure I’ll use it wore once I have unlimited data.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works well for what it is. But I don’t see that many uses for it yet. Just may have to get used to it asking Alexa Instead of googling it. But she doesn’t always give the right response and sometimes she doesn’t hear exactly what you say. It has a lag and sometimes when you say Alexa You’ve asked part of your question before he realizes what you’re saying.	3	January 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My son hooked it up for me. It worked great. Than one day it must have updated and it is into audio books or something else and I can't get it back to what I wanted to use it for. Now I will have to wait for my son again could be months, he lives a couple of hours away and I don't like to bother him.	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is good for older vehicles that use an aux cable. It can be used with bluetooth too, however, now that you can use alexa as a voice assistant on your phone its not really as applicable to new stereos. My stereo allows me to activate my voice assistant so this is not really of use. It is great for older vehicles but will not be viable for long.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	By most part it works pretty good. It seems when it works it works great but then it works really bad it sucks. The blue tooth won`t connect, it won`t recognize your voice & the blue light comes on and nothing happens. I am sure a new firmware upgrade will eventually fix it. I got mine when you had to get on a list to be choose to buy it. Don`t regret the purchase and I will use it again eventually.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would have to disconnect power cable and reconnect to get a Alexa Auto to work. In order for it to work it always has to be connected to the power cable. Got annoying and I stoped using it.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa recognizes the voice well but tends to loose connection and has to be completely reset.	3	August 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Drop conection when moving from drive way to street and had to ask for stream agian. Had problem finding weather for my location at times. Provided call letters and dial numbers, but you had to give for streaming. Others was just call letters and easier to call them. Did not give sound when using google maps. Do not know how to us if the car is not audio input. Good start in providing hands free functions.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"There isn't much to this other than another device to have in your car. Even at that, the lag time in between saying ""Alexa"" and the chime is so bad that by the time a request is made it has already stopped listening or only gets half of the command. The bluetooth connection is constantly in and out, and you end up having to repeat the same request you just made (ex. when streaming a live radio show it will just stop after a few minutes like it forgot). Much of the time she won't be able to perform a request that had just been performed...Don't even bother with the navigation!!! If you request directions somewhere, it makes you pick up your phone to allow it to use the gps on the phone, potentially creating a very hazardous situation. When it does go, the directions are so delayed, they aren't announced until right after the turn you were supposed to make...Very inconsistent, unreliable and EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING to get this to work - and all that adds up to some VERY distracted driving!Update: THIS THING IS TERRIBLE!!! So damn frustrating. I gave it the benefit of the doubt that I might have spotty service or whatever. I’ve switched cell phone carriers and this thing still sucks!"	1	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	connection with phone calling is not good.	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works but you have to have your phone out to be able to hear Alexa because it works through the app on your phone. It does not come over the car speakers.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It would be a nice product if it didn't lose Bluetooth connection sporadically.	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought Echo Auto to listen to music during my drive.  When it works, it works well -- providing music on demand.  However it randomly disconnects from my cell phone and/or automobile.  It's possibly a Bluetooth issue, but I haven't been able to figure out why sometimes Alexa is awake and lively and other times in a fog.	3	March 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Seems to have some bugs that need to be worked out. Connecting every time you enter and turn on the car is not 100%. It should be effortless and quick, but something usually needs to be checked (Bluetooth, user phone access, volume). It takes probably a minute or so to “find your phone” and connect. It’s still better than not having Alexa in the car. We’ve been waiting for this for a while! Just hope the system improves with the next gen.	3	October 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works as advertised, I just don’t use it very often. Don’t get me wrong, I love Alexa in the house (use it all day, everyday). There’s just not a lot of uses for it in the car besides voice activating music to play. It would be much more useful if it could give you turn by turn directions. Currently if you ask for directions it just opens the map app on your phone.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have used this for two months.I really wanted to love this device. I wanted the same experience I have in my home with this in my auto. I was even willing to understand the limitations of the device needing to be connected through my phone for connectivity. Alexa is that thing always at the ready, answering your commands right away, and correctly.THIS DEVICE FAILS at being Alexa.It takes a bit to get it properly set up. OK so there is a setup time, right, every device needs this.The Alexa Auto works great for a while and you are impressed to have Alexa in your car.Until it fails, usually when you are done playing with it and need it most.The hardware looses it's 'connection' with your phone and it's all over. You have to re-setup the device as ifit's brand new and you are using it for the first time. Who wants to pull over and re-setup their device while driving?I've even had it telling me the wrong time of day -  how?Alexa Auto is little more than a remote blue tooth microphone for the Alexa app on your phone, which randomlydisconnects from your phone. It's not ready for your car.Believe the bad reviews.	1	November 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product did what it said it would but it didn’t integrate into my F150 that well. I don’t like to look at wires running around the cabin furthermore I couldn’t figure out a clean way to install it. I ended up giving the product to my Mother-in-Law.	2	January 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would give this device a 5 star rating but it only works with my phone. So, when my wife uses the car it won't work with hers. I've told your company this twice now and I have not heard from you. Since the last time I bought a device similar to it a goggle that plugs in cig lighter as well and plays through my speakers and it works perfectly for my wife and I.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Didn't work quite the way I wanted it to related the the bluetooth phone connection- it works but I have 2 phones one personal and one for work, and when using the echo the other phone can't stay connected to my car bluetooth. It's annoying but not a deal breaker.  I mostly use it for music, which works well. Overall worth the money I spent on it, just make sure to keep your phone charging.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The included cord will not plug into my radio. the plug is too large, so Alexa only speaks out of my phone.  When the radio is playing it is hard to hear her	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This was bought for me as a gift but I'm unable to use it because I drive a 2000 model that has no Bluetooth or auxiliary jack.  Plus I have an Android phone that will do anything the echo.can do for me. But I do like concept and should work well for most people, my wife has one and her car and it works well with a Bluetooth.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Alexa products and this is one that does not quite meet a high quality standard. Many times the Echo will disconnect and not function. I troubleshoot it, it works temporarily, and back to not functioning. I gave up. Dont use it. The voice recognition and sound quality was also poor but I guess since it is a beta product maybe kinks are not worked out yet. Very disappointed.	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Let me first start off by saying I have multiple Echo Devices and I absolutely love them.  When I heard that Amazon was developing Echo Auto I was thrilled and requested an invitation as soon as I was able to.  Well after receiving and using the Echo Auto for the last few weeks I have to say that I'm extremely disappointed.  I was expecting a completely hands free experience, however that is not the case.  In fact I'm more distracted than if I just used my phone with Bluetooth.  Almost every time I get into my vehicle Alexa tells me that she's having trouble connecting to the network, or that Alexa can't connect to the Alexa App.  And I have to pull out my phone and connect Alexa to the App.  And on the rare occasion she doesn't ask me to open the app, she takes a full minute or longer to connect.  About half the time I tell her to play some sort of music she just beeps at me and doesn't do anything.  Forget making a call or sending a text message hands free (at least with iOS) because you have to confirm everything by pressing a button on the phone.  Amazon missed the mark on Alexa Auto!	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Would frequently recognize my voice but after giving a command, the light turned off and nothing happened. I'd have to repeat myself multiple times until it finally did the command given. For $50, it's not worth it for your car! Most phones have a similar command (Ok Google, Hey Siri, etc) so unless you're dying to integrate Alexa with your car and can't use your phone, then get it. Not a great way to spend my money.	3	October 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like it, it's easy to listen to your music and audio books without pushing the buttons on your phone. Unfortunately it is quirky, it sometimes loses connection to the network, stops playing a play list randomly, or has to be told multiple times to do things. I don't have a garbage or overloaded phone, it's an iPhone less than a year old.	3	February 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Big fail on not letting us use the internal speaker to talk back and forth with Alexa.Why put a speaker in it and the only thing it does is tell you to hook it up through your car radio.I am not saying I don't like the idea of maybe listening to Amazon music through my car speakers through Bluetooth but I could already do that  with my phone why would I want to buy a Echo Auto to do the same thing.I like listening to my radio most of the time, not constantly having to have it set to Bluetooth just in car I want to use Alexa.Let us use the speaker on the unit!!***UPDATE***After posting this review I was contacted by Amazon Tech Support to talk to me about the issue. Saying they were collecting information to pass on to the developers and are actively working to make a product people will like. Wasn't a real long conversation just what he told me and asked if I had any other feedback. The phone call doesn't change my rating of the product, but it is nice to see Amazon taking this product seriously and trying to improve it to what people are asking for. A+ for Customer Opinion Service!!	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So I do love all Alexa products and own multiple variations but I have to say the Alexa Auto does not meet expectations. When I ask her a question or ask for a joke she start responding and will cut out half way through the punch line. Also if listening to the radio it would be great if you ask Alexa something if it could automatically switch to Bluetooth although that is probably more a comment for car dealer then Amazon.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Es una buena herramienta pero se desconecta con frecuencia ,	3	August 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had the Roav for a about a year.  It was constantly being disconnected from my Amazon account, even if I just run into a store for five minutes.  And the worst part is, because of the delay between when my car started and when the Alexa would start, I often wouldn’t know it was disconnected until I was already driving.  Not only have I not had that issue with this device, when I stop and start again, the Alexa seamlessly reconnects and picks up the radio station or audio book I was listening to when I stopped.It hasn’t disconnected a single time since installing it.I’m deducting one star because I’m not thrilled with having wires strewn across my car, and the vent dock for the device is just hideous and blocks air flow.  Come on, Amazon, you can do better.*July 2021 UPDATE:  worked great, when it worked.  But a recent update, either iPhone or Alexa, has rendered this thing useless.  The app needs to be open to work.  What’s the point?  It used to connect automatically.  If I have to fiddle with my phone while driving, it’s a hazard.  Great concept, but no longer a good idea.	1	December 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product works moderately well. It is slow to connect. I find myself having to wait a minute or two after i start my car to be able to give any commands. As for features, it is very similar to my home echos. One plus, is you can ask for directions, however the drawback is that it is not “hands free”. To have to touch your phone screen to open the directions and hit start in the app. It’s a bit clunky.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First things first - I love the Echo devices. I have a Spot and a Dot at home and use them all the time. But the Echo Auto is inconsistent to the point that I've stopped really using it. It takes too long to respond to queries, often it'll cut off listening mid sentence, and the requirement to be connected to the Alexa app means if the app leaves foreground for a millisecond, it loses connectivity. And this happens all. the. time. It pretty much defeats the object if while driving I'm fiddling around to re-open the Alexa app on my phone just so Echo Auto can reconnect.Waste of money right now, the only saving grace was I paid nearly nothing for it due to discounts, else I'd be mad at the cost. Maybe a few firmware updates will make it better, but for now, avoid this.	2	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When using hands-free in a car, I like to go through my list of podcast commuting to-from work for about 45 mins - hour. So it's a real pain for the Alexa in the car to get to my podcasts as it has a difficulty in determining a podcast with a radio station or just a song. Outside of that, it works as well as the units we have at home (minus podcast usage).	3	November 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You need good cell service for it to work. Unfortunately I have Verizon and I am lucky to get one bar where I live. But even with three bars it still has trouble some times. It does come on when I get it the car. It does hear me. And plays music great when it has service. The cord is way to short, every time I grab something from the passenger seat it snags the cord and pulls it off the vent.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not strong in patience...don't bother. Master's degree in futility...go for it. Your car is more than 10 years old....forget it.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The mount sucks. Honestly I haven’t had a vehicle in years with a vent where this one would need to be to not be completely inconvenient (with cords running all over the place)	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was given this as a gift and to be honest, I'd rather use Sirius Radio.  I do not have music loaded on my cell phone so the Echo is not for me.  It would be great for those who have music on their cell phone.The biggest disappointment is the wires that are needed to use this device.  It makes the dashboard rather havoc.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice to have Alexa features in the car but1. Wish it had its on rechargeable battery2 sometimes it disconnects from phone Bluetooth. It has the most trouble if you ask it something while listening to Amazon music.It might disconnect instead of going back to song3. I have apple CarPlay and wish it could show maps on car radio screen,	3	February 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	ok, so it took me a long time to think about this review. I was selected for the invitation purchase, so I have had this for a while now. I imagine if you can keep the echo auto connected to the app long enough to really play with it, it may be nice.  And it is a struggle to get it to connect. For some reason I have to turn the volume all the way up on my vehicle (2018 Chrysler Pacifica minivan) to even hear her voice, music, anything at all. I really thought this would be the coolest of the cools but I am disappointed. The idea is there but it seems the tech is not. Can we ditch the cord and do some solar power? It is on the dash... I'm not going to pretend I am some expert but I guess I just expected more.	2	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Something to consider if you have little backseat people that you transport in your car, they will suddenly want to scream ""Alexa play baby shark!""  or ""Alexa Stop"" or whatever else they can possibly think of.  Annoying enough to end up yanking the cable out.Second, I like to leave my house with some music playing out of one of my echos in the kitchen.  Seems that if I do that, and I want to play amazon music in the car through the Alexa Auto, it will inform me that music is already being played elsewhere and would I like to stop it to listen to music in the car.  Not great.It also seems to have more trouble with connectivity then simply doing things straight from my cell phone.I really love the idea of having Alexa in the car... the reality is in need of some help."	2	October 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a half backed product at best.The basis of the product is for hands free control, which sounds fantastic. The execution is not fantastic.You have to launch the Amazon App, which then requires you to agree to a pop-up that your a passenger. If I was a passenger, I would I would just tap the items on my mobile device to play the songs and not have purchased this product.  This wouldn't be so bad, the first time of the day.  This also wouldn't be bad if the app didn't become unresponsive several times while driving.Initially it loaded ok. As time progressed, everything stopped responding.  I tried on the cellular service signal.  Fair enough, maybe there are data-rate problems on the carrier.  I tested while connected to the Wi-Fi in my garage, with a 1Gbps line and an A/C router.  The phrase play daily mix 3 required me to unplug the device and plug it back in to start playing.  I would repeat (alexa would respond with 'ok' indicating that the device heard the command and understood but never played the music.) If I could give this negative starts, I would.	1	May 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would like to figure a way to have it go through the car radio rather than the iPhone. I always forget to turn up the volume on my phone so I can't hear what Alexa says.  And I can't get my phone out to turn it up when I'm driving.  So at this point, I wouldn't recommend it.	3	March 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love it when it works . But I may not know how to use correctly . And when i have it on we lose it alot	3	April 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The system works fine but i need to connect the speacker wire for better volume and I only have one spot on my Cadillac and so i have wires everywhere	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	They took this out of the oven too early, it's not finished baking yet. I truly wanted to love this product but more often than not, it just sits on the dash board. When it works, the sound is great but functionality is intermittent and sometimes, she just doesn't work. So far, I've not been able to get more than one phone connected to it. It's a great idea and I'll keep it installed, hoping they make software improvements.	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don’t like it as much as I. Thought I would. It’s kind of annoying. Interferes with my phone Bluetooth and I don’t like to see cablead hanging.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does not always connect to BlueTooth and if used on your car stereo, it has to be on Aux., then you can't use your CD or Ipod or FM radio.  If so, you won't hear the sound from the phone.  Alexa does not understand half of what you say.  Any of these Alexa products are not worth having.  I have the Echo, Echo Show and Echo Audio and the only thing about the Show is that it makes a great alarm clock.  Amazon does not let you listen to any song without paying for a subscription, even if you have Prime.  I would not recommend any of these products.  Alexa sucks.	2	August 11, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works okay, but never works the first time you ask it to do anything after startup. I always have to repeat myself, which is annoying. Sometimes will have connection problems, too. Otherwise it’s alright.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not impressed by this. It is difficult to link to my vehicle's (2017 Subaru) Bluetooth. When it does connect it keeps on disconnecting. It really doesn't do anything my in car system doesn't already do better.Question: Why won't it display driving directions on the in-dash screen. Also, why Google maps or Apple? Neither are exactly state if the art.This is a frustrating piece of tech., and potentially dangerous when it stops working when you are driving.The technology is probably OK, but its nowhere near as reliable as the standard Echo/Alexa for use in the home.I'll be waiting for the next 2 models before committing again.	2	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the Echo family of products a lot and own 5 at home. When I saw a TV commercial for the Auto model I ordered one immediately. While the device looks great it requires permanent connection to a USB port for power. My vehicle (2019 VW Jetta) has a single port and I use a 3-inch cable to neatly connect my iPhone and use for Apple CarPlay functionality.I am not a fan of long ugly USB cables and while I know I could use a 2-way USB adaptor, it would mean the Echo cable would be in my line of sight at all times. I packed it up and returned it immediately because this was a non-negotiable for me.Echo is good and everything, but requiring USB power for a dash mounted device is not acceptable in this technological day and age we live in.	2	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It get difficult when your husband attaches his phone to Alexa as well. So don't buy it if you share cars.. It works perfectly fine connected to your phones Bluetooth for music....... but Alexa doesn't skates work and it's highly unreliable.  With the device disconnecting while driving, and often requiring being pulled over to reconnect its not an efficient method  of navigation. But I bought it on prime day for only $15.	2	July 31, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Just ok.. sometimes I have to repeat what I told her for it to do what I asked.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2008 Mercedes C300 and I love Alexa so i said why not put it in my car! (Keep me from looking at my phone while driving) now I feel like I am looking at my phone even more because the thing never works and it frustrates me and is never connected or never plays anything! Believe me when it works it's awesome but that's maybe 1 out of every 20 times. And even when it works theres a high pitched ringing sound that never goes away. Dont worry if that doesnt happen when you first have it it will slowly start to show up more and more. I dont think this should have been brought to market as soon as it was solely because it doesnt work! If it worked how it advertises it would be well worth the money.	2	January 30, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Glad this was a gift (from an insurance company!) because it isn’t useful to me. It was difficult to get directions, using gps on my iPhone worked much better. Having this device sticking out of an air vent with a cable hanging down is ugly and inconvenient. And I can’t listen to Sirius/XM or any other radio source while using this thing makes it undesirable. Echo fail!	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A useful product to support your drive.  Especially with older model vehciles, providing a voice capability where there was none before.  Problem is that it keeps loosing connectivity with the phone, rendering the device unsuable.  It does this several times, on long and short drives.  I might have to disconnect after a few more tries, as it get frustrating at times.  Other than that, you get goold o'Alexa there to do your stuff.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No problem connecting eco-auto. Fat and easy. Following the instructions. I’ve only used it a few times since I put in the truck. Haven’t used the truck much lately.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea of having Alex in the car but half the time it doesn’t listen to my voice or it listens and it doesn’t do what I say. I will ask her to play music, and then it will say OK playing “blah blah blah” and then no music comes on	2	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For a car without Bluetooth audio it's great but for newer cars that already have Bluetooth music  Kind of useless Also because it works off your phone's data whenever your phone cuts out so does Alexa And be prepared to have unlimited data Other than that I loved it sounds good in my Kia also driving specific skills are lacking so far.	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Each time I started the car had to add the device	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted this thing to work great but it seems as though there have been a few bugs when operating.  Maybe just user error but it has problems connecting with my wifes phone and hooking to the network.  It also interferes with my other Alexa devices when she pulls into the garage at home.  We'll continue to try and work out these bugs....wish me luck.	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does not connect all the time and Alexa does not recognize what you are asking. Alexa does not seem to find answers to your questions.. like directions or close by stops	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have 9000 songs on my husbands iPhone, Alexa can not access those songs because the only apple services it works with are podcasts and the Apple Music subscription service. You are forced to use data to listen to music. The device also only sometimes work and randomly goes “offline”. Im happy it was a gift because I would be upset if I purchased it.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall this is a great product but can use a lot of work. The setup could be more user friendly/intuitive. Another thing is the responsiveness - I either have to repeat myself 3-4 times for it to hear/process my request and it’s even worse for navigation. However, I mainly use mine for music, and it’s been pretty great as far as sound quality. All in all, with some improvements, this would be an amazing product and car companion.	3	October 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was very difficult to set up.  Loved it the 4 times it actually worked, then It went offline. Have not been able to get it to  connect again. Customer services fix was to uninstall the Alexa app (in case it needed an update), then reinstall the app. I find that solution unacceptable. Why should the app that works fabulously with all the other devices, be uninstalled and reinstalled, to fix one faulty device? I think that is a lazy solution to “maybe” fix a problem with a product, that maybe...just wasn’t ready to be released, and should have gone through more beta testing. I haven’t tried connecting it again, as I am still deciding if I want to go through that frustration again, or send it back to Amazon as a piece of rubbish. Thank goodness it was only $25, so I’m not out much money. I definitely have learned to read through a lot more reviews on any new purchase though, as the Echo auto did not really get very good reviews. Apparently, similar problems are an issue with this device. It’s too bad, as the few times it worked, it had great sound quality and was easy to use. If Amazon can fix its connectivity issue, I would give it another go.	1	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Requires you have the Alexa app upon on your phone which is annoying. The response time is slow, and you have to wait until it bleeps before you can speak, I find that distracting.Once it is working, the sound quality is excellent.Personally, I’d only use it on long trips for the music variety - it’s simply too slow to be useful around town in heavy traffic.	3	December 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Waited, got on the waiting list, waited some more. Then - eureka - I was sent an invitation to buy one, and buy one I did. I am a techie, so just about everything in my home is connected through Alexa. My Ring doorbell. My security cameras. My Sharp vacuum cleaner. My lights. My coffee maker. Did I mention I'm a techie? So I know how to set this thing up, one would think. But one would be WRONG!  After many tries, I finally got it to connect. But - Like so many others, it kept cutting off randomly, would work for a while - but never for very long. If you are expecting the kind of experience you get in your living room with your Echo - fuggataboutit. That is not happening. Randomly turns on and off, while running down the road, randomly restarts and asks you to reconnect. This thing is Garbage. At the time, I paid $49.99. What a ripoff. They lowered the price to $19.99 for a reason. Trust me.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is a very good idea for people who have older cars without Apple Carplay/Android Auto.One negative thing is that once you play your music (I listen to it pretty loud), Alexa will NOT be able to hear your voice. I'm sure if you listen to your music as some type of background noise, you'll be fine.If you have Apple Carplay and Android Auto, Don't get this! There's no point.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my other alexa devices but this one is not the greatest. I have to yell pretty loud for it to register any commands, and often it doesnt recognize what im saying. I think it may be possible the background noise from driving may interfere. Mine is on top of the dash so mayne if i used the vent clip insted it could function better, but for now its a two star rating for me.	2	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It had a lot of drops connections when we drop out of town, even when my phone has all bars...	3	June 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it worked the music was great. However, only calls made through ALEXA came through my car speakers. My i-phone calls could not come through. Not really sure if it is worth having.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the idea of this device but it isn’t all I’d hoped it would be. It loses connection to my phone almost every time I get back into my car. It also seems to play more quietly than my radio so I am constantly adjusting it. I do like that it will play my audio books and podcasts easily when it decides to stay connected.	3	February 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Every time i get in the car i have to make sure that Alexa is running so i can get a connection.  It would be nice if you just had to connect once as part of the initial set up and it was automatic from there on.Also, the tone to tell you that Alexa is listening and you can start talking is very low and difficult to hear when your driving.	3	November 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I drive a newer ford taurus and i dont see the point in having this in my car. I can see the point in having it in an older car, however. Cant get to the songs i listen to most from voice recognition. Good if you like mainstream music. If you can connect your phone to your car and use the amazon music app, there is no point in having this too. It does not work with the amazon music app, all music plays through the alexa app. If you have the music app open too it can mess it up and switch songs back and forth in an annoying way.	2	October 20, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Kind of disappointed. Looses connection with phone and car speaker. Sometimes have to restart it to get connected. Not the best.	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Worked fairly well at first. Then started losing Bluetooth connection to my phone and 2018 car audio system. Reset and retried several times, but never worked well after that. A good idea, BUT I would NOT recommend this product.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have a 2001 vehicle with no Bluetooth or aux imput. This is an issue with this system. I do have an auxiliary fm Bluetooth transmitter but the setup was difficult and the sound quality was poor. Additionally my dash ac vents are not the recommended type holding the unit facing down making the indicator light strip not visible. On a newer vehicle this could be a good add-on.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have not had a chance to spend a great del of time exploring all the features of the Echo Auto. We have 3 vehicles but only 1 is Bluetooth capable, and that car has many features already. What I have experienced thus far has not been all that helpful of convenience adding. However we are taking an extended trip shortly and I’ll get a better opportunity to explore the EA. So I will update that review after our trip	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great idea but needs improvement.  IN order to ask for guidance on my commute I must wait until I have driven several blocks before it has had a chance to connect. Sometimes I have to ask twice because it. It’s out prior to the end.Does not respond well to people asking questions from the back seat. Microphone does not seem very good.	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I should have returned it but didn't gave it to the kids to play with	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Only works half the time	2	May 13, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I love this device, except for the fact that it doesn't connect to my phone 100% of the time.  It's more like a 50/50 chance it will connect and be useful each time I get in the car.  When it works, it works exceptionally well.  But dang if I don't say ""Alexa"" she bings, I ask something, and she just straight up ignores it.I have a Google Pixel XL, running Android 10"	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I used this for about 6 months and constantly struggled with phone and car connections. More than half the time I used a separate voice assistant and she picked up my words flawlessly. Maybe the next generation version of this will be better but I’d hold off until then.	3	July 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this device.  It spend the majority of the time on the floor of my car because it keep falling off the holder.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"As of yet Echo Auto seems very limited as to it's features and there isn't much it does that I can""t do with my iPhone, outside of turning on devices in the house, or doing a ""drop in"". I might need more time to explore the features but i am unimpressed so far. Fortunately this was a freebie through our auto insurance company so, no harm, no foul."	3	January 12, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am a big fan of everything Amazon  and the Echo range .. I’m not sure if it is the external noise  or me but I find myself correcting myself more on this machine.. I had made a complaint about the little cable rubber holder which came off day 1 and never heard back from Amazon .. (not common) ... I will continue to buy echo products but this one is just OK.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Device ha a hard time hearing over the road noise. No convenient place to attach the unit.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like asking it questions or using the Echo Auto to play music hands free. The problem that I have with the Echo Auto is that it losses connection often or does not even connect when I turn my car on and put Bluetooth on. I will keep it in my car a couple more months and see if the connectivity improves. Thanks	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love having the auto in my car, however it does not always work. It is very slow responding when it does work	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This unit works if you want to hear music but not for much else. It was able to tell me where my vehicle was and how far I was from home but when I asked it to find a gas station the nearest one it found was over 10 miles away even though I knew there were several much closer.  When I pulled into the closest gas station and asked Alexa if she knew where we were she didn't know so when I told her she made the rejection sound and didn't answer.	2	March 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Tengo varios dispositivos Amazon Echo Dot en mi casa y pensé que este dispositivo iba a ser perfecto igual que los demas, pero no.A pesar de que tiene 8 microfonos no reconoce perfectamente mi voz, tengo que hablar fuerte y dice que no tiene conexión a internet incluso cuando mi móvil está conectado a wi-fi. Cuando esta reproduciendo musica en amazon music deja de sonar por 2 o 3 segundos y luego continua.Estoy pensando en regresarlo.	2	June 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice to have as a driving companion	3	September 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Dislike connectivity always says it can't connect to the  network	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is the worst Amazon product that I own and I have a lot. I'm almost into a week of messing with this thing and I've pretty much given up.  It's rarely connects and when it finally does and I say 'Alexa' she won't respond to my commands.  You can't ask for directions and expect her to pull up the GPS on your car stereo display or anything cool like that.  I got it for half price from the invite.  I really want it to work but it's just a headache.  Even when it's connected I still have to roll my windows up and turn off my A/C or she can't understand me at all.  Kinda pointless.  The microphones on my Atoto car stereo are so much better.  So I'll probably be returning this device.  I've already wasted enough time fooling with it.	2	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I WAS EXCITED TO GET THE INVITATION TO TRY ECHO AUTO WHEN IT WAS OFFERED.  AFTER MONTHS OF WAITING IT FINALLY BECAME AVAILABLE.  I PURCHASED FOR MY HUSBAND TO PUT IN HIS CAR.  IT TOOK A WHILE TO CONNECT IT BUT WE FINALLY FIGURED IT OUT.  IT RESPONDED TO COMMANDS UNTIL IT LOST CONNECTION WHICH IT DOES EVERY SO OFTEN.  I HAVE GOTTEN EMAILS TO REVIEW THIS PRODUCT AND HAVE GOTTEN TO THE VERY END OF THE REVIEW ONLY TO HAVE IT FREEZE AND NOT BE ABLE TO SUBMIT.  WE LIKE THE DESIGN OF ECHO AUTO BUT NOT AT ALL HAPPY WITH THE LOSS OF CONNECTION AND ALWAYS BEING TOLD TO CHECK THE ALEXA APP.  IT IS TOO LATE TO RETURN IT.  HOPEFULLY THERE WILL BE UPDATES TO CORRECT THE CONNECTION ISSUES.  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND WAIT UNTIL ALL THE BUGS ARE WORKED OUT.	2	October 26, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Quite a pain to connect initially and loses connection on a regular basis. While working I love it.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is ok I’m a little disappointed. Of all echo products I have this is my least favorite. It sometimes does not connect. I have to link before I can take off in my car. Also as soon as I started using this product my battery stopped working properly. I’ve had to buy another battery. So now I have to disconnect the echo before I get out of my vehicle.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I'm glad I got this for 1/2 off. It is such a pain to use because it NEVER stays connected. Like so many of the other reviews say....you have to wait for it to connect and there's no light telling you when everything is working correctly. If I listen to something else, say a podcast via a different app, that is guaranteed to disconnect the use of Alexa. I have to open the app on my phone, wait a bit, and then close the app. Then...Alexa will *usually* work again. Not always though. Sometimes it's just a perpetual, ""lost connection to your phone"" message.When the thing works - it's fun. I like to be able to easily access my Amazon music and play specific songs or playlists. That's about all I use it for though. I haven't found the other features to be very effective."	2	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Es algo muy simple que con la aplicación en el teléfono es más que suficiente.	2	March 29, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	doen't intergrate with Ford Sync seems as though I have to use echo as a standalone or not at all. I was hoping it could be used as an independent device always on call. I would have to change my source to my phone Alexa app to communicate.Haven't gone that far yet	3	June 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this device when I received the invitation to try it out for $25, and unfortunately still have it sitting in my car. This thing just doesn't work well - every time I get in my car, it makes me set it up again, which means watching the video every time I start my car. Since there is apparently no way to skip it...While driving, I lose connection frequently and randomly during my trips. It was fun for the first day - my daughter sits in the back and she loved being able to ask Alexa to play what she wanted to listen to, once. I did like the map that it pulled up on my phone, one of the few times it maintained connection. It was accurate and took me where I wanted to go, but it was Google Maps which always works fine for me, so this isn't something special related to the Alexa software.Very frustrating, considering when I am leaving my house in my car, I usually need to be somewhere at a certain time. If I wanted to actually use this device, I would have to start my car an extra few minutes just to endure the set-up process and that's not how this thing should work.	1	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Good product, good initiative. It has it's issues on connection with the cell phone and then with the car stereo. Takes a while on both and sometimes it won't connect at all. Also with some stereos it has a big lag on response (but this is because the car stereo type, some convert bluetooth into another sound channel and generates lag)	3	February 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does answer incoming calls.  When s text comes in I have to tell it to read it, but it randomly picks one and then starts with the earliest.	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does not coexist with Android Auto in my Sony in-dash system.  Needed to add separate powered speakers for us in same car.  No access to the car/nav screen limits use if you have them, but it does integrate well with cell phone apps and screen. Alexa is smartest voice AI, much smarter than Hey Google... but much room for improvement. Voice Nav on phone works well. The microphone array is VERY effective.	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If one has ring door bell this echo auto will not work!! Can't imagine such a snafu that both products which function so differently conflict and either one or the other will not work!!  Sad, the echo auto was fun to have, it has no battery and one does not have to charge it. Just plug it in and once set up works each time.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The concept of Alexa Auto is great. If you ask simple questions it works well however if you're listening to Amazon music or asking for directions it pauses ALOT. It may pause 5-10 times on 1 song.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	U had no idea there were Aux cables and I had to plug it in to charge it.  I'm trying to go wireless in my car.  I may be regifting this and going another direction.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that it helps you to not fiddle with your phone while driving to put music on, but it often didn’t connect to my phone when I asked for it to play a song. I’m not sure if it was because I had bad cell service, or it was the device. Also it kept cutting off mid sentence when it was talking. I think with a few tweaks it will be a great device.	3	October 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The device is never paired to the phone when I start my car. Even after hours of driving it will still have me manually launch the iPhone app to establish connection to the Echo device. Now even when I open the app, 30% of the time it still does not connect and I go through the whole song and dance of unpairing and repairing the device to bluetooth and my phone. I've tried the bluetooth audio and the aux audio and both sound fine if the device works, but it rarely does off the bat. Driving directions are hilariously broken and calls fail before they even start. Most of the time with Alexa letting me know that she ""Can't do that right now"" after confirming the person's name to call for the 3rd time. Only dialing by manually telling her each number works consistently.  The device picks up my commands about 50% of the time and only mutes around 20% of the volume of what you're listening to, forcing the drive to manually turn down their music to issue commands. I'm surprised to see such an untested device launched to thousands of testers when they must have many of these issues themselves. Wait a year (if it's not taken off market before) and then buy one."	1	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"To use this device, you connect the device to your phone and your phone to your car stereo system via Bluetooth. But if you have the Alexa app on your phone and you have your phone in the car, you can talk to it just as you can with any other Echo device and  -- if your phone is connected via Bluetooth -- Alexa ""answers"" through your car stereo system. In other words, why do you need another device as an intermediary? I don't get it and am returning the device (unless someone here can enlighten me rather quickly as to what I'm missing)."	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I installed the unit it worked great however after 1 month when attempting to place a call I am instructed to register under the conversation tab which does not work.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that it allows me to stream audio to my car via Bluetooth. The Alexa functionality needs some work and it definitely feels like it needs to be updated. Sometimes it wouldn't respond or was disconnected from the Alexa app. It is a little weird in that aspect. If you can look beyond that then you have a great device.	3	February 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Worked good for two or three days.Then not since, keep trying to restart the device and follow directions as from instructions but still not working.My Alexa app works from my Bluetooth will probably return the device it's not worth the trouble, only got it on a black Friday sale.	2	December 20, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Update: It's now 7 months and she's had her hiccups that I've been able to fix by power cycling or resetting it and re-adding it on the app. But now she doesn't work at all for voice commands. So basically I just plug her in then I have to open Amazon music and start playing music manually for her to work. It'll play through the echo and onto my sound system in my car, but voice commands don't work anymore and if I say ""Alexa"" the light comes on with no sound cue and never goes off. I'm just amazed this happens. I don't wanna pay to replace it though. Not worth it.When she works, it's great. But sometimes you'll say her name and she'll turn on but when you tell her to play something she won't do anything. Which is annoying."	2	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	i have tried the product for 2 different cars (2 different systems). it connects to your phone, but eventually the behavior is according to the car audio system, so not always it's convenient or accurate (for example- cases where you ask something while hearing music)- the assistant microphones are weak, half of the times it can't hear the request, and out of the times she hears, the process does not go smoothly ( there is also a delay due to Bluetooth, so it receives the request, then routine it to the Alexa on phone, then goes to the system Bluetooth if this task is with sound). the fact that it's cluttering the dashboard (with another device connecting to the car with cables), is also a minus. overhall i would wait for these assistants to be an integral part of the car system, it's not enough as it is.	2	November 17, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product drains car battery if you leave it connected. So we have to make sure to physically disconnect it after every drive. :/ we absolutely don't use this device anymore. :/	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Amazon needs to step up their game. This works sometimes as in it doesn't understand nearly as well as an echo Dot. Plus asking for directions rarely works. I hate how when I ask it to play music it streams. No way to have it play music from my downloaded Amazon music app. The only reason I kept it was since it will only get better as time goes by and they update the programming.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have trouble getting the holder in the vent but good otherwise.	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I can’t review on voice recognition, Alexa integration, or sound quality because I have a 2019 Honda Pilot and in order to use my most frequent car apps I have to use Apple CarPlay. When I switch to Bluetooth Audio I cannot get the other apps I want to use. I’m giving this to my daughter for her car and will update once I know if it will work/not work for her car (Kia Optima 2011).	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes voice recognition doesn’t pick up and I have to say Alexa a few timesBluetooth connection to phone is not greatPlays my music but can’t really do anything else great	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a great idea, but it frequently doesn't work or has problems.	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like the Alexa Auto, but it requires you to have your Bluetooth connection active all the time for the speakers which prevents other audio sources like SiriusXM or USB source drive from playing.  You can have Alexa play many of the same things your might have on another source, but the Bluetooth requirement kind of spoils the benefits of using Alexa in the car.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	First one didn’t work at all.  Second one, three hours later about done but called customer service.  The woman was very knowledgeable and got it working within 20 minutes.  So far so good but only gave it three stars because the first one was trash and there is a cord going down my dashboard.  Only had it going for 3 days so keeping my fingers crossed it stays connected.	3	November 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It falls off the attachment and disconnects from Bluetooth to easily.	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My family and I were so excited when we heard there would be an Alexa for the car, but this product is just disappointing. It is a challenge to have the device hear voices, even the driver's when positioned directly at the driver. It mis-hears or doesn't hear at all. Additionally, the clip on for the air vent is a very poor design. I have horizontal vents in my car, just like the images in the product description. It should work perfectly, but instead the clip doesn't fully hold the product on and with the slightest jarring it falls in the floor board of the car making it useless. Additionally, the cord connecting it to the USB power supply is just cumbersome. It sticks out and gets in the way, adding another way for the device to fall.  What a disappointment for a product that we had such high expectations for before using it!	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I appreciate amazon products that I’ll often but the first version of new technology, which fell or most products I wait for the second version: this product does what it says it will do. However sometimes it is slow in connecting and unresponsive it isn’t often but it does happen. I like and will buy it again but am surely excited to see why version 2 looks like.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was excited to have Alexa in my car but found her to be quite annoying and not needed in the car while driving. The hands free use is great and all but I barely use it in the car. Maybe it’s just me but I wouldn’t waste my money on this again. Alexa should stay at home and that should be enough.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn’t give the wow I expected. Does not connect through my Bluetooth just plays from my phone. I reached out to customer service but they were going to research articles and encouraged me to look up articles. I was not traveling for a while so I have it too long to return. Bummed because it had such promise. Doesn’t turn me off of Alexa still one of my favorite things just this one missed the mark for us.	2	June 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa and I have her everywhere in my home. The chance to put her in the car is amazing. The Echo Auto is a great idea, but it comes a bit short in execution.The great things are the size/shape, the microphone listen well, and having access to all of Alexa’s features as you drive around is amazing.The part where it’s not so nice is how it integrates with the Alexa app. It seems more like an experiment than a finished product. Many times I will have to launch the Alexa app or restart it on my iPhone so that echo auto can listen correctly.Directions are way off as well. Location services seem to be a work in progress.But, I love that I can tell Alexa to turn on the house as I’m driving up.The next version of this should be killer.	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I own several Alexa devices, and I wanted to love this Alexa-auto, however, it has given me several problems. First, it fights my car’s bluetooth , therefore, some times it will not sound, and sone times it will steal the calls from the car’s Bluetooth and produce no sound when it does, then, it is sometimes unresponsive, and you have to give the same comand more than once.	3	December 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You can't plug this into a car outlet with continuous power or it will connect to your phone when the car is parked at home. Also makes reconnecting more difficult for some reason, apparently likes a cold boot connect.Otherwise, very nice, helpful for maps, music, books, remote control of smart home features from the car (like cranking up the house furnace).	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Because of Amazon not playing nice with Apple and everybody wanting me to rent their music service, I cannot use ITunes with Alexa. So my expensive music library is useless with this item.On the other hand, I can get reminders as I get home, notify my wife that I am on my way home and other useful things.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	No me agrada que en Colombia les falta desarrollar muchos más los dispositivos alexa como el encuentro de direcciones buscar lugares y muchas más funcionalidades que se tienen en otros países. Todavía les falta mucho camino.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Second unit.  First had issues. Great when it works.  Love the music playlist feature. Mics dont always pick up.  So have to scream	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Although I purchased this at a reduced rate, I should have read the reviews.  I don't have bluetooth in my car so it doesn't work.  I was going to sell it to my best friend at full price and make some money off it but then it ends up it is either this Alexa product or your phone.  You cannot connect both at the same time even if you have bluetooth.  My friend ended up not being able to use it and now I'm stuck with something I can't even use.  My loss.  Jeff Bazoz found out about this, I'm sure he'd refund me but it's ok.  I'll give it to somebody sometime around Christmas and I'm sure they will like it and give me something really good in return.  Overall, make sure it is compatible with your vehicle prior to purchasing.	1	July 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It was extremely difficult to get it to connect. I had to rewatch online what other people did to get it to work. As far as functionality, it appears to only be as good as your cellular network coverage. Going back and forth to work, I’ve had very little positive activity. When I do get a signal, it appears to work fine but it’s very short lived thus, I can’t really give an honest review of its total functionality.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto worked for about a month and then started having sparse connection issues. Eventually it just stopped responding to voice commands stating it was still trying to connect to Bluetooth despite being connected. I'm able to play music when I start it on my phone which is the whole reason I got the echo auto in the first place. It stopped working for a few months but I decided to keep using it as a pass through for my music just without literally any of the Alexa uses like voice command. It started working again for about five days and today is the day I'm done with it. It stopped working first thing this morning. I through this peice of garbage behind my wheels and backed up. I will never buy another Alexa product in my life if this is the kind of crap they're willing to sell.	1	August 7, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I’ll start buy saying these other detailed reviews are spot on.  It took a while to get it connected to my car.  I’m pretty sure I had to add the device twice before it would work.  I’d say it’s done what I’ve asked 3/10 times.  I’m actually not quite sure why I even bought it cause I’m not a fan of Alexa.  I’ve mostly used it to just play music but that hasn’t been very intuitive.  It struggles to connect to my phone and isn’t fast enough for me. The vent clip is too big for my liking, I don’t want to see it above my dash. I used the magnetic sticky pad.  I wish all the Alexa electronics worked like google does. This thing is disappointing, especially after waiting after the request for so long.  Can’t say I’m going to keep it.	2	October 11, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I don’t like the fact I can not control my home with it it would be great if you could"	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My reason for the mediocre scoring is not the fault of the product.  I do not have enough electronics with this type of connectivity to use Alexa.	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I feel like this devise has a way to go.  It’s no where near as easy to use as our other Alexas that are in our house.  It doesn’t seem to complete tasks, has to be unplugged often to reset, and it doesn’t listen as well.  I don’t love the air vent holder for it either.  If I continue to use I’ll just attach it with some command tape or velcro to my dash.	3	October 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Generally, it feels like Amazon released a half-baked product to test the market. I know it's common practice, but I did expect an Amazon product to come out in better shape than this. Here are the things that bugged me the most:1.  Alexa is extremely slow to respond in the Echo Auto. And I mean EXTREMELY.2. The mic has a hard time picking your wake up command. I guess a car is just too small an area making the speakers too loud for the Echo mic even when you are not blasting them?3. Design details - the electricity cable sticking out of the side. Really????? You know this thing will have to go downwards, so why not have it come out of the downward facing side??4. And this one really gets to me - that silly cable holder that is attached to the Echo mount came off after the first use!!! Couldn't they have connected it with anything better than basic glue??? It comes off now five minutes after I stick it back in its place, so I basically just gave up.Bottom line - this is going to be donated to someone else, or straight in the trash. No place for such a poorly executed gadget in my car.	1	October 23, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it is working, it works well.  If you hit the skip button on the vehicle controls it will stop functioning and require you to turn off the car stereo and turn it back on to continue music.  Sometimes it will not work at all, have to disconnect it from power and restart it to get it to obey commands.  There are many issues that need to be corrected before it will be able to operate as flawlessly as the in home Echos.  All and all it is a great concept, it just needs some tweaking.  The mounting bracket is another issue, why only offer a air vent mounting option?  My Jeep vents just cause it to flip down every time I hit a bump in the road, I would imagine other vehicles may have the same issue....  Should have a window or dash mount adapter included.....	2	October 8, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Product is great, but will crash sometimes the onscreen honda radio screen with iphone and this...So far the last month it's been much better no crashes and reboots.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its works well enough, but it has annoying short-comings like it can't or won't launch navigation apps.  It says you have to tap the phone screen or some such, thereby rendering it both dangerous and useless.  At least my car bluetooth system can give me directions without a bunch of hassle.  I think this will get there eventually, but its not real useful at present.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There is a lot of thing that's good about this product. Sound & Speech recognition in noisy environment, the integration to Alexa, Spotify activation and much more. but it look like not enough time  invested in the Bluetooth connectivity between the Device and the Alexa App. i saw some reviews that complain on this issue.  I think Amazon should give us a major update to the unit and the app specially on the connectivity.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sits in glove compartment half the time it doesn't even work really not impressed	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not all it cracks up to be.  Constantly loses connection to my Iphone.  You have to shout out your commands for it to hear you.  Sometimes it will just stop.  Good companion however if you are stuck with listening with regular radio.	3	August 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Worked well for about one month, then voice recognition started failing. Couple weeks later- after the refund period had expired - it died. Totally. So, I gave it the ignominious burial it so ignobly deserved- in the rubbish bin 🗑 outside the gym.	1	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is not my favorite echo device. I had high hopes for it but in my 2018 vehicle it rarely works as expected. It’s glitchy and fails to connect etc. the car play and uconnect are always fighting for priority so it’s really frustrating.I gave it to my son to put in his 04 and it works really well. There is little to no other technology to interfere with its connecting and functioning.	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was really disappointed in this product. My kids were so excited to have Alexa in the car but there were several issues. Ridiculous cabling. Why?? You had to be switched to Bluetooth in order for it to work. In my car, If you were on Bluetooth, it wouldn’t allow my phone to connect at the same time so I couldn’t be handsfree for phone calls...however I can have 2 phones connected so I’m not sure as to why this wouldn’t work. Additionally, if I wanted to listen to the regular FM radio but ask Alexa for the weather or time or some inane question from my kids (“hey Alexa, ask for a fart“ is a favorite), it wouldn’t just kick on to my dash or even directly from the device to answer the question. It would just answer the question in the Bluetooth mode but we couldn’t hear it because we were on FM radio. The real kicker was about a week after we bought it, it stopped working because it said the USB power consumption was too high. Considering we frequently have 2 phones and an iPod plugged into the car, this seems a bit ridiculous that a single device, DESIGNED for automotive usage requires more power than the auto can provide? Super disappointed.	1	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not too pleased with it. Easy to hook up the first time but difficult to use maps or find music. Then I unhooked and couldn't get it to work properly.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It doesn’t hear as well as I would like. It uses my car stereo through Bluetooth so the sound quality is good. It sometimes does strange things like turning on my home echo when I don’t ask it too.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works good when it wants to work and connect	3	August 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It took myself and my two high schoolers three attempts to get it connected. Why? I almost sent it back and gave up. More cables running through the car is not ideal, but I appreciate being able to use Alexa's voice commands in the car as that's usually when I remember that I need to pick up milk, or make a stop at the dry cleaners.  Three stars for not amazing, but still helpful.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was so excited to receive the echo auto ,then I spent hours in total trying and trying to get it to connect,I decided to return it , had my return label and the echo all boxed and ready to return. I really wanted to be able to keep it  so I unboxed it and tried again ,to my surprise after 20 minutes or so it worked . I've enjoyed it off and on ,sometimes it will connect and other times I can try over and over till I get fed up with it and give up . When I get into my car to go someplace I don't have the extra time it takes to get it working .  If you want to try your patience ,this product is for you ,if you don't have a lot of patients I would avoid purchasing this product.	2	November 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Using my phone Bluetooth technology it disconnects often. Then it will state it's trying to reconnect.  Find myself yelling at Alexa trying to get it to understand the voice command given.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Seemed like a great idea, especially since my vehicle doesn’t have Bluetooth or any sort of “smart” features (it’s a bare bones 2014 Jeep Wrangler). Works when it wants to, as the voice recognition sometimes won’t do a thing and other times it balks about not having a good internet connection. When it does work, it works as well as any Echo device.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works just like the echo for your home. There are times when it has trouble connecting to my phone and then it’s useless. Other times it works like it’s supposed to. Hot or miss.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Cannot figure out how this gets connected to the car. Tried several times but can’t do it. Should not be this difficult	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Absolutely love the integration. Would love to see follow up mode as an option in the future. If so perhaps I’ll update this review. It gets tiresome having to say “alexa” every single time. Also find it a bit weird that the unit “wakes” when alexa says “alexa”. Other than that, if you’re into making life a lot easier, you need this in your life!	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not what I expected. Too many wires and conflicts with Bluetooth between my car and Alexa. I was hoping it would work. I ended up returning. I hope it works for you.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this for my daughter, who loves most everything about it. It has given her the ability for her older model vehicle to perform like a newer one. The only issue is when we talk on the phone thru the system, I have a very hard time hearing her. It is very frustrating, and she ends up disconnecting and holding her phone to talk to me. This completely defeats the purpose of having it!	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We were given this as a gift and I was very excited to use it. As I worked in my car getting everything hooked up, verifying with my Amazon Alexa account, and mounting it to the dashboard I realized this device itself is extremely unnecessary. I had wires hanging down from my vent which is very unsightly to me, when in all actuality this device is just a go between for my radio and my current Alexa on my amazon app. I already have the Amazon Music app downloaded onto my phone. The only thing this device did was automatically open my app when I use my voice. I would much rather just use and Auxiliary cable to plug my phone in and use my existing Amazon apps to play music.	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device is the same as a echo dot minus the speaker or ability to connect to WiFi. There is one big difference and that is that you can't change the wake word. This is terrible for me because my niece's name is Alexa.The device setup was not that easy since I had to unplug it for 30 seconds then plug it back in to get the voice recognition to work. It doesn't tell you this anywhere in the app that this needs to be done.The best use for this would be connecting it to a  speaker you have that you want to add Alexa too. Doing this still would be a lesser experience than the dot since there is less functionality for the device itself.Simply using my phone's built in voice assistant with Google works much better than this in many ways especially for navigation and playing music.All in all this is a device that tells your phone what to do which with smart phones today already exists in their native operating system. The lack of a way to change the wake word is a deal breaker for me as well because as I mentioned I have family with that name which makes things very difficult.	1	November 20, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this because of a special price and wanted to try it out. I am not seeing where it does anything that I can't already do on my phone. It uses the phone to get maps for direction but I don't need a device between me and the phone to do that. I was hoping it would do something like remind me of things when I got home. Perhaps I have just not tried it out enough but at this point, I really am not seeing a need for it.	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	STILL trying to hook up to car. Between the connection with my phone and my phone to my car my car to the Alexa I have no clue what's going on or how it all works. I actually had gotten both of my sons one for Christmas and there's are hooked up and working so I may have to get them to do mine.	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Has trouble linking with phone, takes 4 or 5 tries to link up to phone	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Setup was easy.  Alexa  integration worked very well.  Turned on house lights before arriving home from work. If it had a built in power source it would be great.  I just can't deal with 2 different wires.  Might work better on other models but on my Audi  there's no easy way to configure the cords so they're not in the way of things.	3	December 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Auto Echo works well for selecting and playing music with voice command. Also through voice command, I can make phone calls through my iPhone. IOS does not support messaging through voice command. Getting directions through voice command is cumbersome since I am required to touch my phone to allow it to work making it not hands free for directions	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it's great. But unfortunately it doesn't work most of the time. Constantly receiving echo has disconnected from the Alexa app error message at least 7 out of 10 times. Upgraded to the latest firmware really did not make much of a difference. At first I thought it might be my phone, but after reading reviews on the web realized this is a common issue.	3	December 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not sure there’s any benefit over using the Alexa app from the phone and over Bluetooth	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It does what it said, but most of what it does my phone does without it. It connects to the radio, while my phone is in the car. My phone connects to the car without this unit.	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The vent clip attaches awkwardly on my (very standard) vent, so that the unit tilts downward instead of flat. Annoying, but not impeding.  There is a significant delay in voice recognition, despite Bluetooth being connected and very good signal strength.  My kids love being able to choose songs on demand, so it works well enough for that purpose.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It loses connection to Bluetooth often while driving, especially if someone calls in. I figured out a way to over come that, just unplug and the replug power but not exactly convenient or safe while driving. Also when it does play music, sometime the quality sounds off, it makes my speakers sound as if they are rattling or busted, something that the radio nor just an aux cable does.	3	November 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Once the Echo Auto is connected to my phone and Alexa it is great.  Unfortunately it doesn't always connect. I have to have the Alexa app open on my phone (and my phone open) to get it to work. So if I forget to do that once I start driving, I am Echo-less until I can stop and pull over.	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Even with support from Amazon, could not get the Echo Auto to work in my Subaru😞	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	With my phone on dash and Alexa, why is this needed? I purchased thinking it would be cool, but the hassles of getting it to work with my radio and phone in the same vehicle is just aggravating. Simply put my phone on my dash with Alexa App on and I can skip the aggravation. Worked great on my desk plugged into my PC for power. But running off my phone making my other echo plugged into outlet useless. Save your money. Who needs more wires hanging around and a spy in your car.	2	February 12, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love it when it works. However it disconnects frequently from the car Bluetooth. It is annoying when it stops functioning because it is describing an app and then it hears itself say “Alexa” and then stops doing what it is doing. It really needs to be able to change the wake work.I do not like that I can’t give authorization to make purchases and for some functions it will tell me to go to the app to do something. I don’t have access to the app while driving so that is annoying.When it works, it provides some nice entertainment-some games and apps that can keep me entertained while sitting in traffic. However, I think it has many improvements and if I had not gotten it as an early bird adopter, I would not have been happy with the current price for what it can do.	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was super excited for this but at first it worked good now we don’t even use it cause it just doesn’t connect or connects but doesn’t stay connected.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I dislike that the echo auto needs to stay connect to be able to function. It will be nice if it was able to be charge and be utilize without the charge connection.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well let's just say if it wouldn't have been free I probably would have returned it. I travel alot for work and when I was able to get the echo auto for free with my insurance I was excited. After trying to pair it to my phone for what seemed like hours it wouldn't let me call person or text people. I tried resetting it and installing it again but it didn't work. When I would leave the area and come back it often wouldn't connect to my phone and I'd have to manually pair it. So after a month of issues I unplugged it and it sits nicely in my trunk.	2	September 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the product, but I primarily use it as a bluetooth hands free kit. There needs to be an app to pair with it like android auto to give a visual display. The ability to play podcasts is lacking and the audio metadata doesnt push through to android auto. A good deal at 25 bucks but not for 50. It is the best bluetooth speakerphone though.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this when it first came out thinking that it would be the perfect solution to my car not having a Bluetooth connection.  The issue is that it is not reliable.  It seems that about half of the time that I turn my car on, it has automatically disconnected and will not reconnect unless if I go through the procedure on the phone app again.  It is a nuisance and takes 3-4 minutes to do.  The audio quality is average, but others have told me that it is hard to understand me when I am driving and talking on the phone through it.  Amazon needs to make this more reliable and simpler to use.  If this review was helpful, please click the appropriate button below.  Thanks.	2	March 10, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Our car is a 2012 so not sure if the technology in cars has improved to make connectivity better but it has not been a smooth process to connect echo auto to Bluetooth each time we get in the car. It often takes time to connect after turning various phones and radios in and off. We now really just use it for long trips. Great when it works though!	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The idea is good. Execution, no so much. It is VERY glitchy. If you just use it for music it's not too bad. But for anything else it gets more annoying than anything. My daughter likes to play 20 questions with Alexa while we are in the car, good idea, keeps her occupied, BUT it gets stuck in game mode. To get it back to where you can play music you have to unplug it and the plug it back in and reconnect. Total pain! Each time you get in the car, it has to reconnect with your phone. Sometimes it happens quick, 90% of the time it has issues and you don't have time to mess with trying to get it reconnected while you are driving. And all the cords associated with it are a terrible eye sore right on the dash of your car. Needs a lot more thought put into it. This seems more like the makers were like 'hey let's make Alexa for the car' and 1 day later they did. Seems like little to no thought or effort was put into this. Hopefully it will get better over time. Glad I got this free through my insurance. If I would have paid for this I would have returned it.	1	November 4, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have Alexa on all 4 of my Echo Dot devices all over my house and I have Alexa on my iPhone with the Amazon app. I was excited to get Echo Auto but found that my IPhone can only connect through my Aux. line in my car unless I want to keep the cables so tight that I cannot steer my car or risk hanging my passenger. So, I am forced to use the Aux line which is standard 1.5 cabling and it picks up the high hiss of the engine electronics in my car. The sound is terrible! Sounds like an AM radio with more static and the sound is very thin. I have decided to ultimately just plug my IPhone in directly to my car (I do not have Apple Play, my car is older than that technology) which makes the Echo Auto completely worthless to me. I will be selling it on Facebook Marketplace. I would think if you can plug directly into the unit and not use Aux you would have better sound with this device, for me, it is garbage.	1	September 9, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	1. Only pairs with one phone at a time. My wife and I share the same car, and switching from her phone to mine or vice versa requires going through the entire setup process each time. Unacceptable, and the reason the gift was returned.2. Echo won't connect with my android unless the Alexa app is in the foreground and the phone is unlocked. Went into settings on my phone and age Alexa background permission and then went into battery optimization and turned off optimization checking for Alexa, but still no help.== Disappointed. Didn't meet my expectations for an Echo product.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When I have a long drive, I would put a Echo hockey puck on my dash.  Works great since I use it to check weather, get business info, add stuff to my todo and shopping lists.  I don't stream music.  The pain in the butt part was having to turn on hotspot mode on my phone.  Enter Echo Auto...just hop in the car and go...so you would think.  Sometimes it doesn't connect to the app automatically.  The worst part is having to set my car to bluetooth.  There is an internal speaker (small) inside the Echo Auto--you can hear it on set up and when it's not connected to the app.  If Amazon would allow the internal speaker to be used, this would be perfect.  I ordered a small speaker to plug into the aux port...perhaps that will make it better.	2	October 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	A battery would be helpful...it disconnects from Bluetooth, but that might be an iOS issue. I connect through aux and sometimes there is noise as I accelerate. Hard for Alexa to hear me occasionally.  A magnetic base or a window suction would work better than the vent holder. With the air on it’s difficult for others to Hear on the other end of the phone. I love the idea...it needs  some tweaking.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Was actually a pretty cool thing to add to my car. Nice to be able to request specific songs, play a few silly games with my kid. Unfortunately, it lasted maybe six months before it quit.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I expected to love this, and I bought it for a classic old Lexus 430 (2002) that is electronically challenged.  In one sense, this is pretty good.  It's voice recognition and Alexa integration are very good.  Mounting might be a bit difficult, depending on your car, but that's not Amazon's fault.  I would have preferred a strong rechargeable battery instead of always having it hooked up to the lighter port.  The main issue I have it that it just doesn't do much, certainly very little that my phone doesn't do on its own.  In addition, it grabs its data through the phone, so that's a bit of an issue.  I got an iPhone 11 Pro, and it does virtually everything that this does and much more.  If you have a smartphone (which you need to use this anyway), don't bother.	2	October 12, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I drive a 2014 Honda Accord. The car comes from the manufacturer with Hands free link. My Spotify connects automatically when I turn on the car (phone in pocket). I can make calls no problem. So why did I buy this? Simple. I wanted Alexa. I thought it be neat to be able to turn off my Ring Alarm with my voice as I pulled up. Also it be cool to ask Alexa the weather and other questions. Unfortunately I am so disappointed. This device is not ready for launch. Set up was easy but it’s a pain to use it every day. Sometimes it works and other days it doesn’t. I say “Alexa” and the blue light comes on but nothing happens. I’m talking to myself. It hears me say Alexa but doesn’t do something as simple as tell me the time. Unless u pull over, there’s nothing u can do about it. You’re stuck with this stupid brick until u get home and have time to mess with it. I gave up. I threw it out of my car (literally) after the 10th time it quit. Alexa hears me but she ignores me. I stuck with using my OEM Bluetooth. So much better.	1	October 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product uses your phone’s connection and if you’re running other apps in the background it effects the sound quality. Basically if you’re doing rideshare and using this device you will have fluctuations in the volume. I’ve had to apologize several times to passengers for the volume suddenly blaring after pickup. I appreciate that it works with my car’s Bluetooth and I can see song information on my radio display.	3	November 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Took several tries before I succeeded in setting it up. Frequently loses connection/unable to connect to my note 9. Does not connect to my phone automatically, need to open the Alexa app each time which is time consuming. There is a lag in Alexa's response. Not quite happy with it but am hoping that Amazon can correct the bugs with updates?? I have 5 echo dots at home and have been happy with them.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is much easier to use my cell phone. I think it still needs a lot of improvement and will eventually be a great addition to the Amazon family of products. Connecting to the Bluetooth was rather cumbersome! Connectivity was lost depending on your location so it is also very unreliable.  I am extremely happy with all of my other smart devices from Amazon this one, not so much.	3	November 28, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto is good, but the one thing I don't like is that it has to be connected to the amazon account on the phone. It does help while you are driving as you can be hands-free, but at the same time even if I didn't have the Echo Auto I can still use my amazon account features ie music and audio books from my phone while in the car.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Should have paid attention to the other reviews. This is a piece of junk.	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	One has to continually has to reinstall to get unit working.  Volume of car has to be put very high to hear the music  and if u forget to turn it down when you go back to car radio look out!!!!!  One unit often just stops working and has to be re installed.  Like having pandora and other music available and other alexia opts but think the unit has many defects.	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When it works, it's great. Hate that I have one of the vehicles the bluetooth doesn't work in. Having to remember open the app on my phone is kind of a pain, but I guess that's just the way it works. It many times won't connect to the network, whatever that means. Even with Spotify app open, it doesn't always recognize it and with Alexa app I get issue with ""not connecting to the network."" I can check the weather but then it won't play SiriusXM because it can't connect to the network. The vent mount didn't work for my truck, either."	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I have a 2011 Ram 1500, so in order to use this I have to switch my radio to ""Media"" mode. No radio.  That in itself is annoying.  She's hit-n-miss on directions, store hours, etc.  Honestly, it's been easier to just bring my home Alexa into the truck, as it has it's own speaker & doesn't care that I listen to the radio.  I think it's a great idea but needs some improvements."	3	October 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	To summarize, this is basically an extra component that uses Bluetooth to connect to your phone. In turn your Bluetooth connects to your radio. Product serves really no purpose, as it has to maintain constant connection to the alexa app on phone. Meaning you get in your car. Put your phone on your mount. Start to drive away, and you say “Alexa”, the first response will be “lost connection to the amazon alexa app”. So now you have to unlock your phone and go to the app for it to connect correctly. Which if you have apple car play or android auto this makes this even more of useless gadget. I wouldn’t recommend till they at least solve the issue of having to connect to your phone and app within your phone. If this were a stand alone device this would be great. Instead it’s more trouble, than usefulness. Would not recommend.	2	October 2, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You would think that as much interaction that I have with her at home every day it would continue in the car being that it's all connected, right? Quite a few times I'd have to repeat myself for either a phone number or song or some random request and yes it gets annoying especially when there's no background noise interference. Maybe I expected too much from her...	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa Auto seems to be confused a little too often. I will say it is very great half the time and the other half she acts like she doesn't have half the intelligence of an echo dot.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Loses connection too often, and has issues performing prompts after stating it is capable of such prompt, but besides those 2 faults I love it has came in handy on many of my long trips, just wish it would stay connected more often, and that it would actually perform the actions it advertises itself to perform. UPDATE: After some upgrades this works great now no issues with co inactivity any longer.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"It took a while to configure and we were hopeful that it would work. We heard it in the car through the auxiliary port as designed when she talked, but when she would play music or relay instructions nothing would happen. The app would say ""playing over bluetooth"" instead, but the reason we got it is because the bluetooth in our car only plays iTunes music, it isn't an ""Open Audio"" deal where we can just turn on bluetooth and play anything. Our car fights our phone's bluetooth for phone calls and iTunes (like you have to constantly pause itunes on the phone).Anyways, it was a pretty big fail not having the option to play over Aux option on the app or device.Not gonna lie, it's the same as plugging your phone into the Aux port in your car.We ordered 2 of them and I think this is the most useless product we have right now. Sucks it came from Amazon, we order stuff constantly from them."	1	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product works fine as it's designed. It integrated well with the phone and all things Alexa. However, it just doesn't integrated well with the car. Not nearly as integrated an experience as CarPlay. No issues seeing it up and using it, but I can't find a good reason to use it....and I am a HUGE Alexa fan and user.	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I miss the first part of what it says. Then it changes to hear my answer so fast, that it hears the end of its own comment and then keeps repeating the question. It doesn't recognize my voice either. I wanted an address at 925 and it kept saying it could not find anything at 1037.... I would not recommend this product.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I purchased my first one when ""Auto"" was just released. It mounted on the dash & has been great. I purchased a second for my wife's car with the vent mount. This one was difficult to pair on both my wife & my phones and does not pick up voice as well as my first...seems like a step backwards"	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have to repeat myself numerous of times before Alexa gets it right. When I ask it to play music by a certain artist it’s says it is playing a channel with that are that but ends up playing 1 song and quits. If you have GOS running, and it announces direction via blue tooth, it cuts off Alexa and doesn’t continue. Been a big pain in the A**!	3	December 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had my hopes up. Boy was I wrong about this product. Amazon normally nails it with their echo and Alexa products, this one needs help. Right out the gate huge mistake to build this product requiring it to be always plugged in. Wires are not attractive additions to the car. It should be chargeable just like a smart phone. I have a mount for my IPAD in my car and have Alexa app installed and connected through my bluetooth, sometimes use my iphone instead and both integrate and work better then echo auto. Until they add some great software upgrades and get rid of the cord dont waste your time.Amazon you really need to take care of all us people that fell for your discount marketing scheme, I along with so many others are super disappointed. I am a huge fan of my five echo shows, 4 firesticks and 8 echo dots that all integrate with Alexa to control all my smart home cameras and products. This product is a big failure.	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really haven't been able to find a good use for this thing, I try asking it to play a podcast (the wan show) and it can never get it right.I have to go in the back back lot at work and there is no way to set current location as work (like I do with waze and google maps), it only works if you give it an address.This is just a couple of issues I've run in to, not to mention all the connection issues.Even at the sale price I wouldn't recommend it, sorry.	2	December 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I couldn't get this to integrate with my car or connect via Bluetooth at all. I returned it. Too much of a headache and I have everything I need with my smartphone.Edit: a representative called after I returned this item and I'm thinking now I probably accidentally had the mute button on and couldn't figure out why it wasn't talking to me. It's possible in the future I might try it again.	3	October 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like that Alexa can understand me much better than my own vehicle's voice command system. I have not explored all the capabilities because I continue to have issues with the alexa app connectivity so i got frustrated. It mostly stays in my glove compartment but i do see potential for the gadget. If i can get it to function like my echo dot,  it'd be pure gold.	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Ehhh... it’s ok. My daughter can put on the music she wants from the back seat. There is quite. A delay and we find ourselves yelling at poor Alexa.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a really cumbersome to use.  It needs to be plugged into the USB that also needs to be plugged into my auxiliary. Which means I have to have my auxiliary turned on instead of my Sirius XM Radio. I can use the Alexa to play my Sirius XM radio stations I know.  This might sound stupid but sometimes I don't want to use her because I want to flip around stations and it's just easier if I can see which ones they are on my Dash. The other thing is she has to be connected to my Bluetooth so I have to connect. It also takes a while to hook up and it loses connection multiple times, which means my radio is gone too.  If I had the package still I would return it.	2	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was really excited to try the Echo auto as I’m in love with all of my other Alexa enabled devices. All in all it’s ok. My only issue is that it has to run through Bluetooth on your phone, and if you have a new car and want to listen to the radio instead of Bluetooth you aren’t able to access any of the other Alexa features.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The Echo Auto hooked up easily and provided a great way to access Echo services while in the car. However, the Echo Auto kept indicating that it had lost the Bluetooth connection with my iPhone. I got tired of reconnecting the Bluetooth connection and stopped using the product after about 2 weeks. Too bad as it had great potential. I just was unwilling to reconnect it every time to Bluetooth.	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I received this for free, with a credit from my insurance company. It seems to work well, but it just turned into more of a pain that it was worth. I had to mount it on my air vent, then run a cord to the power socket. There goes a clean look in the truck. For audio and such, it hooks up to the stereo via bluetooth. What I found after about two weeks of use is that it does nothing that my phone does not already do. Honestly, it's almost 2020, and most of us have a virtual assistant on our phones anyways, whether it be Google Assistant, Siri, or whatever. I just found that there was nothing it could do that my Google Assistant couldn't. It was just conflicting assistants, another app to download, and stuff strung across my truck.	2	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really liked the car version until I was driving and it shut off because someone in the house was using an Alexa. Amazon should definitely solve for this.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was hoping this would work out while driving better but sadly by itself it's not that great. It's the only Alexa or Amazon device I have and due to that it's not as useful, also the number of skills I could find to be useful while driving was limited. If you have a few Alexa devices and use apps with skills it would be fantastic.	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I got this for my wife's van due to her not having a Bluetooth enabled radio.I used the Auxillary in provided and started the setup with her iPhone.It set up fine, but after that is when the problems started.Here are a few problems I ran into.1. When I would say ""Get directions to Walmart"" it consistently wanted to give me directions to Walmart 12 miles away even though there is one 4 blocks from my house. I checked to make sure her phone's GPS had me in the right area.2. It constantly kept disconnecting from her iPhone and stated she lost connection.3. It kept falling off the vent holder into the floor. Not a big thing, but very annoying.Even for the introductory price, it was not worth it let alone $50.Returned and purchased another item which I hope will work better."	2	October 16, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The cord is terrible! Always in the way, getting bumped then innocent Alexa ends up on the floor. The vent holder is always crooked, not greatly compatible with slanted vents. I spend more time pushing buttons on the screen to get Alexa to work than I should. I bought her so I’d be a safer driver. Hmmm?! Wouldn’t recommend until they design a better one.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I can’t believe I’m giving a bad review to an Echo. I am an Echo maniac. I have somewhere between 10 and 15 Echos at home and at work. I’m an IT guy and I think this is one of the coolest technologies ever.My wife has early onset Alzheimer’s and I have our entire house set up so she can communicate with me and I can control whole house and camera system.  I even use Echo to start my truck.I jumped on this new Echo Auto soon as I could and installed it in my 2018 RAM.  It’s a fully loaded vehicle with all the automation.  Sadly, and surprisingly I found it to be the worst experience I’ve ever had with an Echo. The delay and hassle it takes to get the Echo working each time I get in and and start the engine is simply not worth it.  Connecting is so hot or miss that after a week I have mostly stopped using it.  I also bought one for my son who drives a new vehicle and he echoed my experience. Excuse the pun.  Sorry Amazon.  Just being honest.  I’ll keep trying and maybe I’ll figure out if I’m doing something wrong.	1	October 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Very easy but siiii many cords	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When the device connects properly it works just like the Echo I have at home. However, many times it doesn't connect and it says to try again later.Also, Alexa continues to mispronounce my name. I reported this 2 years ago and was told that it would get better. Maybe if there was a Skill to help Alexa recognize the spelling and correct pronunciation of my name that would help correct the issue.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I wanted to like this device. My auto insurance company gave it to me. I linked it to my iPhone and set up with my car’s Bluetooth. The set up was simple and as directed. (At first)The echo auto was virtually useless. It did manage to play music from Spotify. It could  not read a text message or an email to me. It could not navigate me to a business or an address or home even!  It could not reliably place a phone call to people in my contact list.It was no more reliable even after Amazon customer support called me due to my 1 Star rating. They spent 2 hours on the phone with me (over 2 separate calls). It would work a little bit for a little while.It would not stay connected to my phone. Every time i left the car, when i returned i had to start the very frustrating and time consuming ordeal to try to reconnect to the phone.This device is so unreliable and ineffective it is distracting and dangerous to use while driving.My iPhone does all of these much easier and simpler all by itself.The echo auto goes in the trash.	1	January 30, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It struggles connecting to bluetooth and struggles responding to commands while we drive. Takes a good 1-2 minutes to think then it's 50/50 that she actually does what she's asked.I was so excited for Alexa in the car. But just seems like we aren't there yet. I begged my husband to return it, but he won't give it up.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Hard to get it to connect to your phone (for internet), then you have to find a place in the car for it to be useful and out of the way… BUT… instead, if you use the Alexa app on your phone,… it does the same thing. 🤷‍♂️	1	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This is a really good idea and concept but the execution is not very good.  I constantly have to fight with this echo auto to keep it connected to alexa and mobile device etc...  When it is connected I really enjoy it but since that is only about 50 percent of the time that is why I am dissapointed.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	There’s really no point to having this device.  I bought it on sale for fifteen bucks and am disappointed at that price.  It requires the iPhone app for connectivity which is too tethered. It often gets disconnected from phone.  It needs to be installed high in order for the device to hear your voice.  Which means another cable dangling from the dash.  And lastly there is not many functions it performs that Siri or my car can’t already do for me.What I wanted was a device that I could use to function o independently but just use my phone for internet.  That’s not at all what this is.  Pretty useless and just another gadget that takes up space in your console area.	1	December 25, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My 2nd Echo Auto came with their new Air Vent Mount which was not ok for me - I intended to mount it the same as my previous one in another car (on top of the steering column or on the flat shelf in front of the instrument cluster). I didn't want this device with it's power cable dangling from the bulky air vent mount. Amazon said that the original Flat/Dash Mount was not available and that I should buy a flat magnetic mount. After some haggling they agreed to give me a gift card to compensate me for the magnetic mount purchase ($12 @ https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B01M0DUVZV/ref=cm_sw_em_r_mt_dp_U_RAIMDbHXAHZCV). I doubt that I will like the magnetic mount as  well as the original sticky pad mount with the custom bump that fits into the back side of the device, but at least it will work better for me than the vent mount.	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love the idea behind the product because I’m all in when it comes to Alexa but 1) the cord is a mess and the cord clip lost its adhesive quickly so I can’t use it to help organize the mess and 2) due to the dependency on cell reception sometimes Alexa hears your request and sometimes she doesn’t. I’d say about 80/20 in favor of actually hearing my request.	3	November 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While listening to music and using navigation, the music kept stopping. Then I couldn’t get it to play again. Then it would start up again on its own 10 minutes later. (I live in a large city, not in nowhere land). It unfortunately became more frustrating than useful for me. As I can listen to my music in other ways much easier. It would be wonderful if it connected more reliably.	3	October 21, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Needs improvement. Often it doesn't respond. If your internet connection is weak, it will not work at all. But the problem is not that. The annoying part is, it sometime stops responding entirely, and unless you reinstall the software in the app, it generally doesn't automatically get fixed. Very annoying also to set up the device.I really want to like it, it just not quite ready yet.	3	November 17, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like the hands free capabilities of using the Echo Auto but it will only play my Amazon music. I ask it to play anything else such as Apple Music, Pandora, etc., it says its not compatible with this device. This is not how Amazon advertises this product. I love all my other Alexa devices but this one missed the mark.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it is Amazing! However it keeps losing connection with the alexa app. If there was a button to connect it would be better however right now it tells you to go to Alexa app and sometimes will ask if passenger, but 65% of the time it does nothing. I have to unplug and plug in and 90% of the time this works.Amazon make a button in devices to connect!	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'm having one hell of a time synchronizing this unit with ny phone. Then again I'm having the same problem with my ear buds.  The phone by the way, is an LG. I hate it!	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I like Alexa Devices and have 7 of them that I use in different rooms and I am a big fan but this device is NOT READY FOR PRIME time....Multiple attempts to install and no success and I am reasonable technologically capable and this device is NOT READY FOR widespread use.....Very Disappointed	1	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Wouldn't understand us from time to time and you had to repeat yourself a lot. If you have kids and this in the vehicle there's a lot of problems with it picking up your voice when talking to it.	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This was an excellent idea and I waited for over a year to get my invitation accepted. I even purchased a second one for my wife’s car.  At first I was impressed, but the voice recognition is getting worse and worse. Any background noise really effects it’s ability to even hear the wake up command. All in all I was quite disappointed...	3	December 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	How does this not have the ability to change its wake word?  All of the other devices I have with Alexa can easily.It's now useless,  unless I can get everyone in my family to stop saying my daughters name (Alexis) in the car.  Other parents will likely agree that this is not going to happen on any car trip longer than 10 minutes.	3	December 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We have many echos in our home; however the auto doesn’t work as well. It looses connection quite often. Also doesn’t recognize many voice commands the volume is also connected to your phone; so unless you remember to check that each time you get in your car; you can’t hear it. Not making this a very friendly hands off option.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I could not wait to get this into my car.  I love listening to any kind of music inside my home, so having that for the car would be wonderful, right?  Wrong!  If my husband has home Alexa playing car Alexa cannot play unless I want to pay for the family plan of $14.99 per month.  Seriously!  I am already paying for Amazon Prime!!  Not good Amazon!!! 🤯🤯🤯	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I used it for about 3 minutes and then threw it out. I can think of lots of ways it’s a value to amazon. But not many ways it added value for me. This may also be due to the fact that I don’t run smart home through Alexa and we never got into using it for calls like with drop in.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really like the idea of Alexa for the car.  My biggest issue with it is keeping it connected.  Sometimes it connects, most of the time it doesn't and I have to reconnect it through the app.  When it works it is pretty cool being able to control music, audio books, or podcasts with your voice.  The vent mount sort of works, it can eventually work itself loose.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa doesnt understand my commands half the time. She also loses connection a lot. It was also very hard to set up to bluetooth. Amaxon you have more work to do on Alexa for the car.	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had problems right out of the gate getting this thing installed. Took me over a half hour or so and consisted of restarting the echo and my phone a few times. Finally got it working and I was great. Fast forward - every time I got in my truck, I would have to go through the setup process again because it would disconnect from the app. When it's working, it's great.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This gadget works as any other alexa device with one exemption. It as a 2-3 seconds delayed response to voice recognition. Otherwise it is a good device to use on long drives with the family.	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Connects to my Iphone easily on startup but has trouble hearing me say ""Alexa"". I was really hoping to use it for hands free calls in my not-smart car, but everyone says there's a lot of feedback on their end. I like that it connects easily and that it can open and play music/podcasts on demand. It's just not very consistent. Maybe with some updates it will improve over time."	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Does what you would expect, just takes a few tries.	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Amazon Echo products at home, so I hate to say anything negative. The truth is I just don't have a use for the Echo Auto. I have Car Play, so it is simply not useful. It seems to work well, but it's an unnecessary device and cord. I love you, Echo, but you just don't make much sense in my car with your wire and awkward vent hook.	3	November 5, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I'm surprised that Amazon made such a lousy product.  Can't place a call via the Auto Echo or get directions.Unless you get it for free, don't waste your money!	1	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It takes a long time for the Echo Auto to initially connect when starting a drive.  The only way to avoid this is to manually open the Alexa app on the phone when getting into the car.  I use Spotify.  Changing songs was quicker when I did not use the Echo.  The Echo has an annoying delay.  The one thing I do like about the Echo is being able to have Alexa dial anyone in my contacts. I was very excited to get a Echo Auto but I am a bit disappointed.  Other than changing Spotify playlists, I don't find it very useful.  I also dislike the mount that it comes with causing it to stick out of an air vent.  The Echo is small flat item.  It would be nicer if it could be placed flat on top of the dash.	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I originally had an IPhone 7 and after a bit I was able too connect ii, I have now up graded to an IPhone 11 and can only use it as a bluetooth connection.  A few times Alexa has spoken then goes dead, I have also found that my Alexa is playing at home too when I play it with the bluetooth.  Very disappointed in the results.	3	November 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really loved my Alexa in the car - A LOT. But, she fell down from the dashboard once, the back fell off and that's that. I can't get her going again. Not sure I'll buy another if she's that fragile.	3	August 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love this thing... when and if it works. Every time I get in my car it doesn't work and needs to be set back up again. I then proceed to follow all the set up instructions from the Echo Auto and from my vehicle manual. Sometimes it works after 2-4+ tries, every once in awhile after the first try, often not at all. It is awesome when it works, though.	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Once setup, using your own phone for internet service, opening up the Alexa app, then the app works as it should. I lost the connection on many occasions due to poor cell service. Getting started from each reconnect is a challenge. Even shutting off the car to get gas throws a little wrench into it. You have to re-establish several times but once it’s working, the music etc continues without interruption.	3	October 8, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have tried to get this dang thing to work through my car speakers for over a year. No luck. It's super frustrating that I have to use my phone speaker to use it - when it works for that. Very frustrating. I have it 2 stars because it does work through my phone but it shouldn't be this complicated. Worst amazon product ever bought.	2	September 6, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I would give it a five star but the fact that it just disconnects out if no where is a bit of concern. I'm trying not to use my phone while driving but every ten to fifteen minutes I have to reconnect it is a bit annoying	3	July 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Well, it plays music good. The navigation will work with one app, in my case Google maps. Ok fine. It's not perfect but pretty good. Yes, you may need to turn down the volume to give commands. What do you expect. Working for me.It was working good until a couple of weeks ago. Now it has a hard time connecting. My grandson has the same problem. I suspect a faulty update.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased this item approx a month ago. I have wanted to try the product and when it went on sale I purchased it. I have a apple phone XS Max, when I first hooked it up it worked well for about a week. One day it just lost connection. I have read different reviews on how people got theirs to reconnect. To this day it does not connect. I wasted $20 on this product. I would not not recommend purchasing this product. Wait until they have worked out all the flaws and put out a new device.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	cons:1. There are no good mounting options. It 's only a vent mount. your basic velcro is thick and the adhesive is poor and turns to syrup in a hot car. There is no clean mounting installation of this thing.2. You have to keep going to the Alexa app everytime just to make a few clicks stating you are a passenger for this to be operational.3. Bluetooth is flakey and inconsistent.4. It's not seamless. Takes too much effort and steps to set up after you start the car.5. microusb not usb c. Fiddly in connection orientation.6. Cable management sucks: Mismatched dangling cables of varying lengths via the audio input & USB when trying the wired route.pro:1. whatever services alexa can provide you while in the car, eg. check the time, control home automations, sing you happy birthday while stuck in traffic.	2	October 6, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Sometimes it takes the echo a long time to reconnect. Alexa can only hear you if it's quiet. Asking Alexa to make a call is hit or miss with her missing most of the time	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My insurance company thought this thing would be helpful so they made it available at no charge. That said, it's worth a bit less than I paid for it. Seriously, a Cinnabon gift card would have done more for me. So it has a speaker but refuses to talk unless I'm plugged into the audio input of my car. Really? You gave it a speaker then told it only to communicate via a cable. Oh and just one of two cables strewn through my car. I remember crap from Radio Shack that was this way.So connect it to power and then to audio input then begin downloading and training the thing so that after time it will be a half-vast version of my phone which can do a lot more and I can use it anywhere. No, I don't think so. This really reminds me of the new electronic license plates which are an expensive solution looking for a problem. Sorry, Amazon. Stick to what you do well.In reality, this can't do anything unless you link it to all manner of external accounts - to do the things I'm already doing. I mean what is the point? Curiosity satisfied and now I can ignore Alexa going forward.	1	November 7, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	IMHOToo much foreplay to get where your going.Must turn on unit.Must turn on cars Bluetooth.Must start Echo auto app on phone.Where as on android auto, all I have to do is start my car and it finds my phone.Then I can ask Google the same questions that I would ask Echo auto.	3	February 23, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	When it works it’s great. It’s just that almost everyday it says ready for setup.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	If you leave your car and Alexa is still on and gets disconnected, it won't reconnect when you're back unless you power cycle it.  Best to put it on a power source that turns off with the car.  Mine doesn't and it's a pain in the butt.  It says it will keep trying to connect, but never does until it's power cycled.	3	December 19, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great idea, needs improvement. She disconnects a lot. We have two phones that get connected to the vehicle and sometimes it can be a hassle to get her connected. Sometimes she'll comment but wont be through the vehicle but will seem like it is connected, so you'll hear her through the phone instead of the vehicle speakers, even when it says connected via bluetooth in the vehicle. She doesnt hear you the greatest either.	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I constantly have to take the power off and on to connect her to the app. And I have to turn my sound volume to full blast before I can hear her voice. Which I have to turn down again when I let her make a phone call. And then when I forget it is on full blast when I take the aux cable out it blows out my ear drums	3	October 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My I phone does everything it does.	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn't work with 2016 Jeep Grand Cherokee unless you subscribe to the Uconnect app that comes with the car.It's a proprietary system similar to the strategy that Apple uses.  I don't have a subscription, so the Bluetooth is the only thing that works.  Audio only, no video.  I had high hopes.  Specs for the unit should include this information.  If it exists, it wasn't obvious.	3	October 11, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It relies too much on my phone data and performance. It takes too long to load the songs, plus it doesn’t pick up on voice as accurate as Alexa  dot	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works intermittently.  Not always accessible	3	September 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have to reconnect the Echo Auto every time I start my car, which is frustrating. My Samsung Galaxy S9 always manages to connect to my car's bluetooth just fine. Trying to connect the Echo using the aux cord looks so messy & ridiculous, so I only connect via bluetooth. Although I finally figured out how to adjust the Echo volume, it's still not the same level as my radio. I have to manually switch from radio to media if I want to talk to Alexa, adjust her volume way up to hear her reply, manually switch back to radio, quickly adjust volume down because the sound now blasts painfully loudly. If I'd paid full price for the Echo Auto, I would definitely return it. Not worth the inconvenience to use it while driving. It needs a lot of improvements before I'd give a better review.	2	October 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I bought this as a preview when it first came out for $25.  After using it, I know I overpaid. If it drops to $20, maybe try it. If drops to  $15, then, sure, what's to lose.The only way to make it useable is to buy a small speaker that plugs into its headphone jack.Its not worth buying for 3 reasons:  $50 is way too much. Since you have to have the alexa app running on your phone to use echo auto, why not just use the app? Since you have to set the cars audio input to bluetooth (or aux with wires), I can't use the car's radio, cd and I loose audio on the built in GPS nav.The only advantage is saying ""alexa"" instead of pressing something in your phone's app.  Amazon confirmed this:""I can completely understand your concern also I would like to mention that you are correct that there is not much difference using an app on phone or on a device, however I would like to let you know that this device is designed in away which gives an opportunity for the person to give voice command directly by saying Alexa..."""	1	October 10, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Nice addition to my car. The stand that is supposed to connect to the air vents is useless. The device is good for asking Alexa questions, directions , to place a call etc. Better than my car nav	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love having Alexa in the car, but I find that the Bluetooth connectivity can be spotty. I do have an older iPhone (6s) so that may account for part of the problem. The price was more than reasonable.~~After using for a few weeks, I’m not happy.  The connection issues have gone from bad to worse.  I bought this at the invitation price but would never pay full price for it.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It won’t connect sometimes. Annoying that I have to click “I’m a passenger” before ever even using it when I restart my car.It’s slower than I like and my morning “flash news” doesn’t really load. Will start then say “We are having trouble”.Needs to be easier to use. I find myself unplugging it to reset to connect and I have a 2020 explorer.	3	November 18, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love having Alexa intergrated w my home Alexa. I dont like having to start it up every time I get in the car. I dont like the cords everywhere. I dont really have a great spot for it, I dont like covering my vents for anything, not even my phone. The directions could be better. I ve yet to get that to work.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	For many of us the best set of speakers we own are in our car, or at least that has always been the case for me. I got this during the early access and was excited to try it, but ran into one major problem. It relies on your phone for internet, and only operates well when it is good and fast. I was hoping it's connection to the alexa app would mean it would play my downloaded playlist, but it bypasses anything downloaded for streaming instead, which is the major deal breaker. Unfortunately this makes it redundant to just using you phone instead.	2	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"When I get in my car in the morning, I go to the Alexa app on my iPhone and connect the device. Should I need to do this? I ask, ""Alexa, how is traffic?"" I get a pleasant update on conditions and a polite "" Have a good Day"" I then ask for music or news etc. I really enjoy this and the microphones always hear me. It gets frustrating when the response comes back, ""I am having trouble right now"" This happens often. This device needs to connect to my phone to connect to the network. If there is a week signal while driving, this device stops working. Even though other apps on my iPhone continue to work. I don't think we have a device issue here, I think it is an app issue. Without a better app experience, this device is not worth it."	2	October 18, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Could not get this to work in my car & I have wi fi in my car.  Just haven’t had time to sit in my car and work out glitches with Amazon.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love Alexa and have it in the car WOULD be great.  However, I have been unable to connect to my car speakers and so it only works thru my phone which is not what I want.  My car is supposed to be one that does have the ability to connect via blue tooth but I can't get it to work.  Very dissappointed so far.	3	October 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My zeal for any new Amazon electron device overcame my common sense on this purchase.  I won't say its all on Amazon, the product or function (though the function was not up to Alexa snuff) - but its usefulness is just not there if you have a smartphone and ability either through Bluetooth or audio jack in to your car system.  I was hoping it would be an improvement over my in-car system and also bring my Alexa world into the car.  Not so much.  It was about 50/50 on hearing/recognizing voice commands, was slow to actual tasks when it did respond, and connectivity was poor.  I had to reset up several times and soon became not worth it.	2	April 9, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Doesn’t stay connected to phone have to reset up every single time	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The main problem is the internet connection. If your a cheapskate like me and use T Mobile the spotty internet connection completely disables Alexa. You speak, she'll light up, and then never awnser. Once in a while she'll say she can't connect but most of the time it's just silence. Eventually she'll start ignoring you entirely even when you get a strong connection back. They need to fix this for the product to ever be viable. I know Amazon can't do much about your internet connection but there's got to be a better way for it to respond than just timing out.It also has a hard time hearing you over music, I think it's a little bit worse than the regular Echo.The app also stays active after you get out of the car. This just irritates me.	2	November 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really love the idea of this.  Sometimes the voice activation and commands are eh though.  The way it sets up navigation on the iPhone is just idk feels kinda dumb.  And a lot of times the voice feature doesn't work properly unless I hit the button the start it.  And the navigation doesn't speak anymore.  Otherwise it's a great little invention.  Needs more placement options.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The mount is almost useless, it does not stay in the vent. Would be better as as window mount or something other than a vent.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The GPS functionality is really poor.  I was surprised that not all functions off the Echo are carried over to the auto echo.  Can't change wakeup phrase from Alexa to Echo.Transition from home WiFi to Days plan is delayed.  Can't start using it till your out of range of your WiFi	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Still trying to work through the frustrations.First, connection issues.Second, interruption issues requiring me to re-enter the app, frequently when I’m driving (after I pull over, or at a stop).More often than not, I just use Amazon Music rather than the app since I’m on very short trips.But, not giving up on it as it does show promise.  Plus, I’m still learning commands on my vehicle.	3	October 16, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Echo auto is by far one of the best additions to my collection however there is just a few flaws. After I step out of my car, come back and restart it, it switches to any Bluetooth device next to my vehicle and I have to unplug the device in order to reconnect again, am not able to use it when I call or receive in coming calls, and it's getting annoying.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I am torn on this review. It’s really handy to have in the car but needs some bugs worked out. It loses its connection to your phone every time the car shuts off. When you get in the car again you have to power it down or unplug and replug to get it to connect. My first one stopped working altogether. Second one still has connection issues but works.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not sure it meets my expectations...willing to give it some time...the price was right!	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I ordered this device in September 2018 and was very excited to receive it this past September 2019.However, there is a problem.  The App which controls the device locks up on-screen and I have to re-boot my phone to get it unlocked.  If the App were better, I believe the device would work better.  Also, I usually ask my Echo devices at home to play, say, the best of Bob Dylan and they play beautifully.  But the Echo Auto will only play a couple of songs and then stop.  It takes longer for the command to get to the Echo Auto and it takes longer for the device to respond to the command.  BUT, I will work with the Echo Auto until I am too frustrated, and that will never happen!  LOL  My advice, FIX THE APP!	2	October 15, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works well most of the time, but once in a while there are connectivity issues which can disrupt the service. Getting phone calls through third-party apps like Skype seems to break connection with other apps like Spotify, which I haven’t been able to restore without powering off the device and starting all over. When it is working right, it’s fantastic.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not sure what this adds to my life. I hoped it would make voice texting more accurate, since I don’t have Apple Car Play and Siri has a lot of trouble understanding what I ask her to text. So far not doing that so I gave it to my son to use..... but he does have Car Play so he’s not sure if it really has any use for him.	3	October 13, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I was super stoked to use this, but after the first day I realized what other people had told me. It constantly looses connection to app. While playing music, it just stops, no explanation no reason. Cellular service is fine, just random. The voice recognition with my windows up and no radio is sketchy at times.  I guess I had high expectations, too high for Echo Auto to meet.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is a great idea if your car don’t have Bluetooth. Or if you don’t know how to use a smart phone. But otherwise, this is a terribly rushed beta product. It does not work well with iPhone. For example: I enter my vehicle... I wait for my vehicle to start... for Alexa to boot up... everything looks good and connected. I say: “Alexa, play audible”... Alexa thinks for a second and responds: “I am having trouble with your Alexa app...” what? So I park my vehicle... open my iPhone... load Alexa app. Then I say again: “Alexa, play audible.” Everything works. Really Amazon?!? This is not simplifying my commute, this is putting my life in danger by making me park on a busy street.Will not recommend at all.	2	February 18, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Echo auto works as intended but only if you have the alexa app open on your smart phone. This ""feature"" was not listed as a requirement when I signed up for the demo. My understanding was that it would require my phone for Internet connectivity, which is fine. But to require the alexa app to be open the entire time kind of defeats the purpose in my opinion."	3	November 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Operationally the echo auto works great. It usually understands me correctly the first time and communicates well.I have had my Echo Auto for going on a year and in the beginning I would have given it 5 stars! I loved being connected with my Amazon music and Alexa. But as time passed, I realized what a hassle it is to get it set up every time I get in the vehicle. ""Your echo auto has lost connection"" Sit before driving and wait for Bluetooth to connect only to get 5 miles down the road and lose connection again. It got to the point where I rarely use it and it is more or less just taking up space on the dash."	2	May 20, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Seems like a good idea but they have a lot of issues to fix, until then this is nothing more than a paperweight.When connected through Bluetooth it cuts out a lot. After getting the command tone I’ll ask for a song then I’ll get “... now playi... Amazon music”. Thought it was my phone so tried from my wife’s, same issue. It comes with an Auxiliary cable so tried that instead, it doesn’t cut out but it will only work for a short amount of time then quits and says “just so you know amazon music can play through Bluetooth on this device” and that’s it, it just quits. Tried disconnecting my Bluetooth from my Phone to my vehicle, went to settings-forget this device and tried again. Same result, even though my vehicle isn’t even in my phone’s Bluetooth connection options.If I plug in my phone to charge it (which is connected to my vehicle’s usb) nothing at all will work with this device. I have to completely uninstall it from my phone and go back through the whole setup process again.Most of the time I feel like tossing it out the window.Just use the Amazon music app and forget about getting the Amazon echo auto	1	October 22, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I grabbed up the Echo Auto when it became available. I wanted to love it.It is very small and sleek looking.  It connects great out of the box, and I actually got a great bundle deal from Amazon with the vent holder.The biggest issue with the Echo Auto: why? All it really does is interface with my Alex phone app.  The Auto doesn’t have good speakers so it serves very little purpose.You still need a phone, etc. for Alex access, and your car for good speaker acoustics.Also, if you have an older car you probably will find its not compatible (no Bluetooth, USB, etc.).It is an OK idea but not there yet.	2	December 28, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	You have to keep the alexa plugged into your charging outlet for her to work. The vent mount is not stable and slides right off my vent due to the weight of the device.	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Setup Videos / Instructions with Multiple AUX Devices would help !I have to use a Bluetooth Receiver to receive calls in my car, as Echo Auto does not receive calls, especially when my Internet is off on my phone.I have an AUX Splitter, But Echo Auto is always Redirecting the Sound Output to the Other Device saying the Car Speaker is already in use by other Device.	2	June 30, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I first saw this device on tv. I thought that it was a very good Ideal . I couldn't wait to get it. When I got it while trying to set it up I almost gave up, and sent it back because I couldn't  get it to work .it took me a couple of hours to get it connected. It worked good for about a week. After a week I would try to ask a question, its' listening but it wont answer. I want to like it and keep it. I'm hoping that it will start to work better . I have been using this device for a few months.  I don't think it's a good Alexa product.  It stops working alot. I wish that o could give it 5 stars. I'm sticking with the two I first posted	2	November 30, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I will preface this by saying I am a pretty big fan of Amazon. I order from them frequently. They've always had prompt shipping and excellent customer service. I have an Alexa and an Echo Dot, as well as several Kindles. The Echo Auto seemed to be a good choice for listening to my music while driving. Wrong!! This thing has been a source of never-ending frustration. Even when I'm in the middle of downtown and practically sitting on a cellphone tower, it will stop playing and tell me that my mobile device has lost connection. Nine times out of ten it won't reconnect. It never seems to understand a command and I have to repeat myself over and over and over again. Sometimes when attempting to skip a song I will keep getting the annoying lost connection message, even though I haven't lost connection and the song I don't want to hear keeps playing. Every time, and I do mean EVERY time, that I've tried using it I end angry. annoyed, and yelling at the stupid device. Thinking I'll just throw this in the trash and never waste anymore time on it. It is the only thing from Amazon that I've ever totally hated.	1	December 29, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This would  be a great product if only you can keep it connected.  It has connection problems all the time, so I usually have to  unplug it & restart it almost every time (very annoying!!!).Once it's connected, it seems to do well.	3	July 5, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works good in my car which is a 2012 model with modest bluetooth support.  Can be hard for that device to pick up sound sonethunes but understandable over the noise in the car. Overall satisfied - it's not a replacement to anything but a good addon to any older model car that does not have the modern audio controls.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It would  have been great if it had function in my car right! It had to use audio input on radio stopping radio use! And it would not answer me all the time due to car and road noise,	1	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have several Alexa enabled devices, but this is absolute garbage, and completely useless. Threw it it the trash and completely disgusted I spent the intro price of 25 bucks. Glad it wasn't more. As I mention, I have several devices, and have no problems setting up and operating. But this auto echo has been an exercise in blood pressure control trying to connect and maintain connection. I have bluetooth enabled, location enabled, go thru the proper setup, etc...more often than not I need to forget the device, and start from scratch to setup and pair with vehicle. Then, when you finally do manage a connection, Alexa states that your commands and music will play thru another device (your phone, which is how you manage the connection in the first place) rather than thru your car audio system. Then on even more rare occassions, it will work properly thru your car audio system - BUT, only as long as your car is running. Turn off your car, run into a store, come back, start up the car - and you will NOT get that connection again. You start back at square one all over. Save your money and health - you don't need the aggravation	1	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Kinda hard to set  up. Can't get it to display on car's screen.	3	June 21, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	After several weeks of trying to find a way to use it with our 2010 Infiniti, I managed to get it working. Then I changed phones and the Echo Auto would not connect to the new Nord 10 phone.  After numerous attempts I gave up. Be wary. Unfortunately for me this has been a bad purchase.	2	November 14, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It works great when it works. The speaker is clear when music or a book is playing but  Road noise and wind interrupts the playback and alexa often starts listening for a new command. There is a buzzing/ feedback through my car speakers when its plugged into the lighter outlet for charging and something is not playing through it.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I liked the availability of the increased options for listening. I did not enjoy changing the setting to media, asking Alexa to play something and then having to adjust the volume on the car system to it's max to just hear my requests. The idea is great, and when it becomes easier to work with I would like the availability of having Alexa in my car.	3	October 29, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Didn’t work in an older (2000) Ford F-150 that didn’t have aux input.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I hooked it up to my car.  It works half the time.  Sometimes it responds but quits before i can ask for something.  Sometimes it will say it lost connection with my phone when my phone shows that its connected to it.  Or sometimes it would say that i lost internet connection when i have atleast 3 bars.	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product is great when it works. I can get it to connect when I am near my home but evidently it needs a stronger signal than my cell phone provides.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's a cool gadget if you use other Echo devices regularly.  It frequently loses connection with my phone, or plays the audio through my phone instead of the car speakers.  It took several tries to get it set up properly. I could take it or leave it at this point. I got in on the first wave at a special introductory price, but I wouldn't pay $50 for it.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	While it does work and i still use it regularly, it doesnt work on its own it really is only a bluetooth transmitter, alexas voice is very loud compared to the volume of music, and if you have your phones volume on high, prepare for crackly audio that buzzes in and out like a drunken been inside an amplifier.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Works fine pretty well. I like having Lexa in the car. Issues: 1. Your phone needs to have all other apps closed in order to use it. 2. It doesn’t link to my phones playlists, you have to use Amazon Music. A problem because Amazon music requires data, and if there is no signal, no music. Plus Amazon Music plays the same songs in the same order.	3	November 2, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I had set it up and it had worked fine. I then went to use it the second time, and it wouldn't connect. I reset and worked with it after I got home and it took a while before I could get it working again. I've used it in my house a few times just testing it, but haven't tried it in the car again to see how it does.	3	September 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not impressed. Integration is not consistent, somes connects to car, sometimes I need to restart everything. Also, voice recognition is poor. Having to connect to phone and car doesn't add any functionality or value. These needs a speaker. Maps, text, phone contacts useage is poor. Sometimes reads text, sometimes not. Same with contacts and I have given up on asking for directions.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"After purchasing and using an Echo at home I really started to wish for one in the car too. In fact, to my amusement, I sometimes found my self blurting out the command ""Alexa"" and expecting a response while driving. When Amazon opened a beta for the Echo Auto I jumped right in.  It works just like any other echo with one major flaw, it doesn't have a built in speaker.  It requires a bluetooth connection for replies which means I can't use it while listening to XM, or non-Amazon music, or GPS, or really anything a normal person would be doing in a car. If you've reached a point in your life where you and Alexa have hour long meaningful conversations then this is for you, otherwise look elsewhere."	2	February 2, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I feel like I have to yell to get the echo auto to respond sometimes.  Otherwise, it works pretty good.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I was supposed to have unlimited music for 6 months with the purchase, however as soon as it paired with my husbands phone, the music subscription stopped working and we can't undo it??? It says changing accounts is not possible when we tried to undo whatever the ""echo auto"" had done automatically; the echo managed to change itself one time, to eliminate the ""Free music subscription"". The car automatically pairs with his phone first, so the free music on the device (echo auto) went away after one day."	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Skip using Bluetooth.  It’s a mess.  Just connect to your stereo using the aux in.  Works great this way,  Never a connection issue since it’s not using your cars Bluetooth.  Honestly...using the aux line solves 99% of the complaints in these comments....	3	May 24, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It is very hit or miss on whether it connects to my phone, and there is a considerable lag. I pretty much only use it to arm and disarm my security system as I leave and arrive at my home. Using it to do something such as play music or read the weather forecast almost never works.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I wanted this to work. I wanted to love it, and I did for exactly 1 car ride.Setup went pretty smoothly and didn't take more than a couple of minutes. Once I was on the road, I used it to make a call, add something to my list, play music etc. Great experience.And it has never worked again. Every time I try, it won't connect to Bluetooth. I've turned all the appropriate things off and on again, restarted the app, etc.It's worth noting that at the time of writing this review, there is a BRIGHT ORANGE banner on the product page for this device that says ""Need help setting up or connecting your Echo Auto? Get help here."" When you click thru you are taken to a detailed help page with multiple videos on setup and troubleshooting."	2	October 27, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My insurance company sent me this as a customer thank you. I read instructions and seemed easy enough but for the life of me i can't seem to make it work. i came online to get some guidance and it seems a lot of people have had issues. I've finally given up and will just stick with my Siri.	3	January 20, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Amazon Echo's (2) in my house but the one in the car - I can live without. I guess my new car has a lot features that I need when driving and this did not fill a need. If you have an older vehicle than this item would be very useful but with the new technology I don't see the use for this echo in my car.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can't get this thing to work. It does occasionally start talking though	2	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I feel like this is a work in progress... First, Siri can do pretty much anything I need Alexa to do. I generally prompt Siri to do what I need her to and ignore that it is an Alexa device. For that reason, I would do well to save money and just get something for half the price. I haven’t found it overwhelmingly useful compared to a generic Bluetooth device.	3	October 22, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s okay, but some times it has trouble connecting, but it works.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I tried to connect us in three different vehicles was finally successful in my Mercedes SUV. However once connectivity was established, Alexa never understood any of my commands. This was particularly frustrating  when using for navigation. Ultimately I decided it would be better to stick with Siri on my iPhone. So happy I made the 30 day window and returning this it’s pretty useless	2	August 21, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I've had this for a while but haven't had the chance to set it all up.  First, I need to install the Ford App on my cellphone in order to set it up to work with Alexa.  When I find the time, I will let you know how it worked with my Ford Sync.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	my bigger issue with it, it doesn't cut the noise while using it in the car, the other person can overhear themselves talking, it's required extra accessories for Lexus 2005. overall I ended up paying more because I had to buy a k7 auxiliary to be able to use it.  it's not really a friendly user, you can't hang up a call with ease and more...	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I got this to replace a Chinese bluetooth aux adapter I had in my truck that was great for music but bad for phone calls.  This having the multiple microphones to do noise cancelling sounded awesome.  Well it's not.  Nobody can still hear me, if I take repeat calls, I have to reboot the device after the 3rd call, and randomly it will either pick up or create itself a high pitched frequency that gets played over the speakers.  The only way to stop it is to restart it.  It doesn't always connect to my phone, so I have to restart it.  I ask Alexa to play music and half the time she doesn't play the music she says.  Last night I asked to play Halloween music and rock music started playing.  I ask for Caribbean music and Who Let the Dogs Out plays.  When this happens, I restart the device.  If you can't tell, there's a whole lot of restarting going on.  I'm sorry I have this and I don't recommend it.  Save your money and get a $15 Chinese device if like me you drive a vehicle old enough to not have bluetooth.	1	November 1, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	it doesn’t always work.  but when it dies it is great!!!	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Bluetooth setup was not straight forward and did not work well. Requires wired connection to power (Cigarette lighter) and then wound up having to hard wire the aux jack on radio, since BlueTooth did not work well. all the wires look very bad around the dash. This requires a connection to Alexa on your phone and that connection doesn't always work well. The unit is mounted on an air vent and when the fan is on the unit does not always hear your commands. Good idea, just poor execution.	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought this primarily for use when traveling and using rental cars.  The general idea being that it would eliminate the inconvenience and security issues with configuring BT pairing with my phone in rentals.  It's pretty good for this but it's annoying that I can't switch between BT and the aux cable without starting over with the device setup.  With updates, this could be a lot better.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I had high hopes for this thing and was sorely disappointed.Flaw #1  It keeps loosing my location. I did all the customer support suggestions but still kept getting the message that location wasn't available and that I should re-set my location on my phone.  Sometimes it knew where I was, then all of a sudden, it didn't. Then it did, then it didn't, very frustrating.  Waze always knew where I was, so did Google Maps as well as the navigation in my car, so it wasn't my phone or bad locations.Flaw #2  You can't just ""ask Alexa"" anytime you want. If you're using an aux cable or maybe listening to Sirius, meaning doing anything that's not using the bluetooth connection with your phone, you have to switch over to bluetooth, then Alexa will respond. Very cumbersome if you're trying to watch the road and don't want to have to switch away from what you're listening to.  Plus, half the time she didn't hear me anyway.Those 2 flaws were enough for me to send it back after a few weeks. Didn't like the cable or the vent clip thing but could have lived with those."	1	October 14, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love the idea but she doesn't work if ur wifi is on, she doesn't work well in the cold, has a hard ti.e connecting sometimes and most the time I just play the music through my phone instead of through the Alexa	2	January 3, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device takes over all other devices in the car - we could not use either our iPhone or iPod at the same time as the Alexa. If you want Alexa to have control over your music and everything, this is the device for you. We did NOT like it. I tried to install it in the car and worked with it for an hour, and got so frustrated with it, I returned it the same day.  I'm rather tech-savvy, and I could not figure this thing out in a way that made it something I could use. There was NOTHING wrong with the device, I just didn't like it. I use an Echo in the home, and I love it - just not in the car.	2	March 15, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Kind of useless if I am being honest.  Does what I purports to do mostly, though it loses connection or won’t respond pretty often.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	We’ve had Echo Auto for about 6 weeks now and use it daily. I gave it only 3 Stars because installation wasn’t easy. I wanted to connect it through Aux vs Bluetooth and it took several tries for it to work. I had to uninstall and reinstall the App. I am still trying to find a better way to organize the cords and keep it mounted.	3	October 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Not functional, does not recognize voice. Does not integrate with Google maps. Loss of moneyNo es funcional, no reconoce la voz. No se integra con Google maps. Pérdida de dinero	1	August 28, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great product but is somewhat difficult to pair. I have to get my wife to set up. I tried taking it off my phone so my wife could use it and it wouldn’t work for her. However, she had no issues pairing it back to my vehicle. Other than that it works just like any Alexa devices so I can’t give too much of a bad rep. Great device.	3	October 4, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	My car doesn't have bluetooth unfortunately. so if you plan to place the Echo auto on your dashboard, you will of course need to plan for  2 wires - one for power and one for the audio cable. once setup though, to use the Alexa you have manually the mode in raio to aux mode so that you can hear the audio. So if you are listening to the radio or USB or something, you will have to manually change the input to aux and then only will be able to talk to Alexa. so if you need to hear navigation instructions, you wont be get able to hear the radio simultaneously,	2	July 5, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The device did not operate without Wi-Fi.  Traveling inconsistencies disrupted connectivity frequently.  Itsould not work if my phone was plugged into the charger. I didn’t want to drain my phone while traveling.	2	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I love my Echo Auto.  With all the things that Alexa can do.  But wish that I could have other apps open on my phone at the same time.  This causes problems when someone is playing a game on my phone and I have My Echo playing a song.  Both come through.  This needs to be addressed.  Sad that I have to choose one or another.	3	October 1, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Love this thing in my truck. Nice using my voice to do things instead of trying to drive and mess with a touch screen! BUT... it loses connection fairly often, and it seems to freeze making me unplug/re-plug to get it working right again. Love the idea, and would still recommend, but wish there was a fix for the mentioned issues.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The product does not seem to add anything if you have Ford Sync.  We tried multiple times with not only the directions that came with it, but also with online tools.  Unfortunately, I've missed the window for returning it.	3	August 18, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Let me begin by stating we have three Echo devices in our home. When I was selected for the pilot of Echo Auto I was very excited. First the set up is not as straightforward as the instructions state. It took me 3 hours or more to achieve the Bluetooth connection to my vehicle. Once it was connected the sound quality was really good, Echo Auto performed just like my other Echo devices. However when I returned to my vehicle I had to go through the complete set up procedure again. Today, when I got into my vehicle Echo Auto would not connect to my Bluetooth, despite the device registering as ""connected"" in my settings, and showing my phone was connected in the Echo Auto FOR9 device settings. I think the concept for Echo Auto is excellent. These ""problems"" need to be fixed before your full product launch."	2	October 3, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I really wanted to like this Alexa for the car. I am a big fan of these devices, i have one in every room of the house. I bought this around Black Friday for $19.99 and was so excited to bring Alexa into the car. My excitement stopped there. Alexa was not meant for cars I guess, it has a really hard time connecting to the Bluetooth and leaves me frustrated everytime that I try to use it. There are to many wires and its not worth the stress. Keep Alexa indoors.	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Connective is very difficult...after several attempts, it still is not working	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It’s probably not to compare Echo Auto to our home devices, but it’s ok.My biggest complaint is it intermits with its connection to my Bluetooth.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I don't like that it attaches to air vents. It blocks the flow of air, even mounted at the highest point of the vent. I also don't like the way the power cord is integrated into the design. The Alexa functionality is good and performs as well as my home devices, but I've found I just don't use it in the car as much as I thought I might.	3	October 27, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought it would like any other Alexa Product. I do not like having to set up the bluetooth everytime I want to use it. I wish that it would just stay logged in and come to life when I say Alexa, like all my other echo products. I was hoping to ditch my sirius subscription but guess not yet.	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Recently have been having issues with needing to ask two times for each command.  Worked without issue for many months. Possibly a recent software update glitch?	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	took a lot to connect to my smart phone and auto, and then wouldn't remember for the next time.	1	September 24, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Voice recognition is good, however it loses connection with my phone too often.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Poor product design. Seems you can't use Echo Auto and the car radio and different features. You have to chose one or the other. And the speaker only is enabled to work during set up. After set up I will only work through car speakers.  I was super excited to give this to someone for Christmas.  They were excited to get it. They are an engineer and spent 3 hours trying to get it to work in a more sensible way. Do not buy until they figure out a better design.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I do love having the Echo device in the vehicle.  That said, it's a bit of a hassle to remember to set my phone up each time so it's used as a hotspot.  And, oddly and unlike my home devices, there's a significant delay between using the Call word and then being able to ask the device something (and I continue to have trouble adjusting to it).	3	October 9, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This product was just okay. It doesn’t stay connected that well. It integrates poorly with my older car speaker system. All in all not great for me	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Like everyone l lose connection quite often.  I have found if I push the I’m a passenger on my phone it seems to stay connected fairly well.  No way to make this permanent though.  Now it’s the first thing I do and it works so far.  We’ll see.  When working it’s great.  Unfortunately that is not all the time.  Needs a little more work.	3	October 3, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Overall not impressed. Every time I ask for the news it says talk time isn't available. There is to long of a wait for the beep and for you to give instructions. The component that holds the hold has fallen off several times and it's sticky anymore so the cord just hangs down. The whole thing, holder and Alexia just pooped off the vent the other day when I was driving.	3	October 7, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Good idea, but everytime we get in the car, its a whole process to get it synced up again! You have to make sure your stereo is set to the correct input and you bluetooth is on. I find it a little annoying so most of the time, I don't use it. On a longer trip, I would take the time to hook it up.	3	November 6, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Can't always connect to the internet.  Otherwise, works great when connected.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its a very nice design and could be useful if improved upon.  It wouldn't allow me to use any of my other music streaming services besides Apple Music and when it play music through the speakers, it came through choppy like I didn't have service or trouble downloading.  It did however work in bluetooth mode just fine but it defeated the purpose for which I purchased.  Hopefully your experience will be better than mine.  If this had worked as intended, it would have been a great pickup at a great price.	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Got the echo to connect with Bluetooth in my car but couldn't get it to work. Had my fiancé to return it with a top I got her that didn't fit. Lady at UPS couldn't get the 2nd label on her phone to scan so she included it with the top. Long story short I couldn't use it and then will not get a refund for it. Such is life.	3	October 15, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Of all the Alexa products, this one needs the most improvement. To work in your car, it needs to connect to the Alexa app on your phone. Unfortunately, that connection is never seamless meaning that you often have to stop the car, open the app, and connect it to the device before you can use it.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	More cumbersome connections than I thought.  Holder doesn’t fit air vents well although said would for model. Older car doesn’t have six connection nor blue tooth	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The unit works as advertised, unfortunately it doesn't fit in any vents. Will have to find another way of securing it	3	April 3, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Stupid thing won’t connect right. It connected just fine when I first plugged it in via the Bluetooth but my iPhone somehow cancels it out when I sync with my Ford C-Max. So I tried using the USB port which powers it but won’t connect it, which is a major fail on Amazon. I don’t have an aux jack so that didn’t help. I really only got this thing for voice activated directions since I can do that already with the Ford sync, but don’t feel like paying $14.99 a month. My phone can also turn on my Phillips hue lights but the hands free option was also looking appealing but worked only once and stopped. What I don’t understand is that it should be for updating dated cars without the current technology. But you need the current Ford technology to properly work it yet the new tech can just run the Alexa app. Depending on the layout of your car the cords can be a nuisance nuisance. It has a magnetic clip so I’m also wondering if I can get a square sticker so I can stick it on the side of my dash so it’s somewhat organized. I’m really just waiting for a software update.	1	October 13, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I purchased the Echo Auto to use in my car for music and calls. It recognizes the command well even with loud music and the windows rolled down. Unfortunately I've experienced bluetooth connectivity issues for the past 6 months. It does not connect to my Pixel 3a and I am forced to put the Echo Auto into set up mode for it to identify my phone. I've removed and added the Auto multiple times and it is a recurring issue. One suggestion for improvement would be to add track buttons to move through music. I gave up on the Echo Auto and went back to an older bluetooth adapter.	2	July 27, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I thought the Alexa Car would work off it's own speaker, but alas it will only work if it is can hook up to your car's speakers. My car is too old... no audio cord plug outlet and no ability to hook up the music via bluetooth to speakers. Alas, it is sitting on the kitchen counter.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I find it cumbersome to interact with it. The safety screen device comes on at the most unwanted times, overriding everything else going on in my screen. I wish there would be a way to recognize when you’re not the driver. Very annoying.	3	July 8, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I never take the time to review products, but I just have to for this one. It must be a joke that this garbage was released to the public. That's the only reason I can think of for releasing something that is obviously not ready for public use.I have a lot of Alexa-enabled products including the Fire Cube and a handful of Echo Dots of various generations. They are not perfect- often they will mishear common phrases and make voice controlling things like smart lights a little cumbersome. But the technology is still relatively young and improving and I like them all the same.Echo Auto is an abomination. It is the single-most terrible product I've ever purchased. The setup is complicated. Once finally paired, the device works relatively similarly to other Alexa devices. The problem is that it only stays paired until you shut the car off. I have dropped clothes off at the dry cleaner, came back to my car five minutes later, and the Echo Auto could no longer pair to the Alexa app. I have to go through the painstaking process of deleting the device and set it back up each and every time.Save yourself the money.	1	January 13, 2020	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"Love the idea of Alexa Auto, but it has major issues: (1) you can't rename the wake word. Very frustrating since I have an echo dot in every room of my house and use the wake word, ""Computer."" Constantly saying, ""Computer"" in the car. (2) Almost every time, Alexa can't connect to the Alexa app. I have to pull out my phone and ""open"" the app, even though it's open. If ignore doing that, Auto finally connects to the app after driving for about 15 to 20 minutes. Very frustrating."	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Its ok for hands free	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Alexa does not seem to respond as well in auto as in home.  I like that it will continue where I left off when I restart the car.  Not able to make phone calls very well.  Not good at giving route directions.  Hooks up easily to car blue tooth.	3	April 10, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Great for playing music in your car without the need to take your eyes off the road. Also enjoyed the quiz games on longer journeys as the whole car takes part. In general i’m happy with the device, it seems to understand me most of the time and only have the occasional connection issues. I am using it with a 2016 Acura MDX through bluetooth.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	Easy to set up but too many wires for an older vehicle. Didn't understand my requests all the time. Returned Echo-Auto. Will wait for a future generation.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I tried a couple of times but I couldn’t get it to work . I’m going to keep trying.I want Otto work.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I bought two of these one for my auto and one for my wife. It has basically work fine; connecting problems now and then. But for the last 3 weeks I get a voice saying I am having problems connecting to the network. It has said that in the past and a simple reboot was all that was needed. I have tried everything I could fine to troubleshoot and get it back going no luck. I reset bot the device and my phone and reinstalled. Same issue. I did a factory reset and I get the same error. I guess the life span is about 18 months. My wife works fine, she uses it in Italy no problem. I guess mine was a lemon. I was expecting to get a min of 3-5 years of use.	1	September 11, 2021	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	"I waited eagerly for the release of this device. I hoped it would represent an improvement over the ROAV Viva from Anker which was released more than a year before this was announced, much less released.Unfortunately, it is not materially better.1. Says it handles air conditioning noise. Maybe, but it sure doesn't handle wind noise if you lower the windows.2. Connects fine with Bluetooth, but the ROVA Viva did that and provided USB power ports.3. Has poor Android integration with mapping. Makes egregious mistakes in passing destinations to Google Maps.4. Only reliable function I found is answering ""Alexa, what time is it?""To elaborate on the Android integration problem, I asked 'Alexa, take me to the nearest WalMart.' It responded, do you mean the one at xxxx Singing Oaks?' I responded 'Yes'.It then set a destination in Google Maps which I followed until I noticed I was going in the wrong direction. Turns out that Google Maps was instructed to take me to a different and residential address on 'Whispering Oaks'. This aberration was repeatable.I disconnected it after more than a month of trying to find something it was good at. Other than telling time."	1	November 25, 2019	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	I have lighter-port powered Bluetooth. It’s small, reliable, cheap, w/2 extra USB ports. But there’s electrical noise as it connects via FM radio. Echo Auto is not compatible to that BT device. Worse, Echo auto needs such BY devices since it does not have its own Bluetooth. As to functionality, there’s nothing Auto Echo can do that Alexa in my iPhone (connected to my lighter powered Bluetooth + FM + Odyssey speaker system) cannot do. Sure, you’ll have to single tap Alexa app to wake it up vs using voice to wake up Siri. But for my Odyssey set up, that way better than maintaining another device. I hope this helps one of you out there.	1	February 16, 2022	0
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	The echo auto may work well, but the cables were too short to reach the plug-in for power. Therefore, this device is useless to me and why I lowered the overall rating	3	November 25, 2020	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	This device needs better microphones. It doesn’t properly pick up my voice half the time. There is a delay after saying Alexa, it isn’t as responsive as the Echo devices. Also the fact that I need to make sure the Alexa app is open in order for it to work with my phone is a bit annoying to deal with constantly.	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	It's okay don't use it much	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Auto  Hands free Alexa in your car with your phone	So she worked sometimes ... sometimes she doesnt...Cuts out, stops playing randomly... or while reading a book, randomly goes back in the chapter and starts over...Maybe intruption of signal... BUT with having WiFi in the car and via phone ... it's kind of hard to happen.	2	December 7, 2021	0
