variation	verified_reviews	rating	date	feedback
Echo Studio	"This journey got started when Amazon recently announced their newly upgraded music service, Amazon Music HD.For an audiophile, musician and music lover such as myself, this announcement was the holy grail of music.  Amazon claimed you can now access millions of tracks in lossless hi resolution audio quality.  But let m clear on what this really means to avoid confusion.  Typical streaming services such as Spotify stream with audio quality that is sub-par to audio CD's.  Amazon's new service boasts both HD audio and Ultra HD audio.  When you pull up a track on the service, it designates whether it is an HD audio track, or an Ultra HD audio track.  An HD audio track is CD quality, with a bit rate of 16 bits and a sampling rate from 44.1khz to 48kkhz.  While many marketers tout this as lossless, it's not really lossless, but it is a big improvement over standard streaming.  On the other hand, true lossless is what Ultra HD audio is all about.  True lossless Ultra Audio tracks must have a bit rate of 24 bits, and a sample rate that can go as high as 192k.  These are true hi-resolution audio tracks that are much better sounding than HD tracks.  I was an early adopter of the now defunct DVD-Audio/SACD formats, which were true 24 bit hi-res audio, so I immediately upgraded to the new Amazon Music HD service, excited to have such a vast library of hi-res audio tracks now at my disposal.I had recently downsized my home, so didn't have the room anymore for a true 5.1 discreet surround system anymore.  I'v been using a soundbar and wasn't happy.  So when Amazon introduced the Echo Studio, I took notice.  After researching, I learned that the Echo Studio supports 24 bit audio, meaning it has the ability to play Ultra HD tracks.  So it was time to update my audio system.  I went to Best Buy the first day the Studios went on sale there, and invested in 2 Echo Studios and an Echo Sub.In the Alexa app, you can configure these components for a home theater environment and that was my plan.  I had also already owned a Fire TV Cube, which was great for streaming my content and controlling my home theater devices using voice commands.  I upgraded my Fire TV Cube to gen 2 in anticipation of integrating it with my Echo Studios and Sub.If you want Dolby Atmos soundtracks when watching movies, you need to have the Fire TV/Fire TV Cube in the mix, as the Fire TV performs the audio decoding for these surround modes.  Through the Alexa app, it was relatively easy to configure the Fire TV Cube, configure each Echo Studio for left and right channel, and the sub.  That is my Home Theater Group.Now this is where things begin to derail.  I said to Alexa ""Play Jack Ryan"", and I was immediately impressed with the sound emanating from the 2 Studios and the Sub.  It did a great job decoding the Dolby Atmos soundtrack, and short of a true discreet surround setup, I was quite impressed.  Center dialog came through nicely, soundtrack effects were presented on a nice wide soundstage, giving a nice surround illusion without actual rear speakers.Next up, the moment I've been waiting for.  Time to listen to some 24 bit hi res audio.  Through the Amazon Music HD app in the Fire TV Cube, I searched for some Ultra HD tracks.  Again the tracks are designated as HD or Ultra HD.  I decided to play The Sound of Silence by Disturbed, which was marked as Ultra HD.  ""Alexa, play the Sound of Silence by Disturbed"".  Oddly, the song started playing, but it took about 5 seconds for the audio to actually kick in, cutting of the beginning of the song.  The other thing I noticed was when I used the voice command, it pulled up the standard HD version of the track.  I knew there was an Ultra HD version, as I had just looked for it.  So I did a manual search, found the Ultra HD version and started playing it.  Oddly, it sounded no different from the other version to me.  The label on the screen said Ultra HD now, so this was odd.  I clicked on the track information, and was surprised to learn that even though the screen label for the track is Ultra HD, the song was actually streaming at 16 bit, 44.1k audio.  This is not hi-res Ultra HD at all.  Any laymen would look at the screen and think they're streaming in Ultra HD because it says it's an Ultra HD track, but the track information was telling a different story.This is where the call to tech support happened.  Tech support sent some logs to the development team and them got back to me.  What he tried to tell me at first, was that I was indeed listening to 24 bit audio through the Studios.  How can that be possible when I'm actively streaming and it clearly says 16 bit, 44.1k.  It didn't make any sense to me.  Once you have the Cube integrated with the Studios, the voice interaction is between you and the Cube, not you and the Studios.  Further, if you need the Cube to decode the Dolby Atmos soundtrack, then it stands to reason that the audio decoding is taking place in the Cube, not the Studios.  That was my argument to the tech support guy, and he agreed that made sense.  So...I've come to find out that the Cube is only capable of 16 bit audio output, not 24 bit.  So the Cube is sending the audio to the Studios in lower resolution, not taking advantage of either the Ultra HD tracks in Amazon Music, or the capabilities of the Studio's hi-res audio capabilities.So I cannot natively, in my home theater setup, issue a voice command and have Alexa play back an Ultra HD music file through the Echo Studio speakers.  This was a huge let down, especially after making all this investment.  But I still had one more test.  If I bypass the Cube, and use the Amazon Music app in my iPhone to cast directly to the Studios, then this should give me Ultra HD audio in all its glory.  I'm doing this for testing purposes only.  I should have to, nor would I want to, whip out my phone in my home theater to play Ultra HD tracks.  I should simply be able to issue a voice command to my home theater components, and the Amazon Music app in my home theater system should be doing it for me.The cool thing about the mobile app version though, is when you click on the HD or Ultra HD icon, it displays the full resolution of the track, the bit and sample rates of the equipment it's connected to, and the actual resolution being played.  SO now I can validate the bit rate and sampling rate going from my iPhone Amazon Music app directly to the Echo Studios.  Only I can't.  When I press the Ultra HD icon I get a message that says ""Information not available when casting""!  What??  So I can see this info on all my other playback devices such as my car entertainment system, my headphones, but not the Studios?  So I still have no idea what the actual nit and sampling rates are bypassing the Cube.Amazon:  You are touting the benefits of Ultra HD hi-res audio.  You have created an audiophile speaker with the Echo Studio (supposedly) capable of playing 24 bit Ultra HD tracks.  But there is no way for me to stream these Ultra HD tracks natively in my home theater, and no way for me to even validate the audio resolution from my phone direct to the Studios.  So here I am with all this new equipment and still can't natively enjoy hi res audio through a simple voice command to either my Echo Studios or the Cube.  Seems to me the fix would be a software update to make the Cube 24 bit.  Please don't make me buy a third 24 bit Cube!"	3	November 11, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"First and foremost if you are looking for standalone Bluetooth speaker, then the Echo Studio is a must buy. You'll be extremely happy and at 200 dollars its a home run on value and performance. Highly recommended for that aspect.Now if you are using it as a home theater system, that is a whole another story.  Let me first say I was intrigued by the Echo Studio because of the Dolby Atmos, 3D immersive sound, and just the whole complimentary features I would get being a Fire TV Cube 2nd gen user.  First impressions, lets be honest, the Studio is big and ugly. But guys we can get over that, my wife hated the look of it as soon as I brought it into the house. It has an unforgiving presence, hate it or love it, kinda feel. Not a deal breaker for me but for some people its a viable reason to pass on the Studio.Lets proceed, I am going to be honest, I tried my best to set the speaker up as a home theater system on my own going through the Alexa app. The first of many frustrations to come, I ended up having to factory reset it (deregister it) and call Amazon Alexa tech support to help me set it up.  In my defense, I came from Homekit/ Siri/ Apple TV world where things are arguably a little more user friendly.  The customer service/ tech support for Amazon Alexa services is outstanding. If I ever have to call them again for any issues, I feel confident that I will get my issue resolved over the phone.  Alright so with the assistance of an Alexa technician guiding me through the process we were able to connect my Echo Studio to my Fire TV Cube. Thats what I wanted! It was a longer process than I wanted but I was finally there, probably took a couple hours to fiddle with it including the hold time and assistance over the phone. It is what it is, just a meh moment for me. But now I'm all set up and all is working.Then through out the night we proceed.Flood gates of frustration opens...Before I take a dump on the Echo Studio, let me reiterate when sound comes out of the speaker it sounds really good. Standalone Bluetooth speaker its number one. Its without a doubt should be on anyone's radar looking for one.  With the flexibility of all the music streaming services, solid mids and highs and house rattling bass, it is definitely a contender in this space. Price and value alone to me its hands down the winner.Now lets talk about my deal breaking issues with the speaker.Amazon advertises the Echo Studio as a theater system that supports Dolby Atmos using their latest Fire TV Cube, I told you that earlier and thats what lead me down this path.  But there are issues on the software side that needs to be addressed before this even gets close to a theater system replacement.Audio and video sync issues. Yes I know you are able to go into settings and tweak this, and so I did... various times throughout the night. It seemed like after awhile the audio and video sync would sway off and I would have to go back into the settings and tweak it again. A high frustration, but forgivable for the price. I could live with it and hope for updates to come with better syncing support. As long as nothing else was an issue I could deal with it, But I am now needing a flawless experience from here on out.Unfortunately, flawless is not in the Studio's vocabulary.Switching between Bluetooth music from my phone and theater system is an absolute nightmare and some how Amazon Music playing from the Fire Cube TV was thrown into the mix as well. Its like Freddy vs Jason, two nightmares into one. The studio can not handle and decide the proper channel to play the media without a little effort on the user end.  Its hard to explain but juggling media playback for a theater system shouldn't have multiple sources; Bluetooth and Fire Cube TV that should be it. It seems like both devices are competing for attention, while the speaker should just be a speaker when connected to a fire cube.Side note, ""Alexa, Connect to my phone."" never worked. Studio also has a hard time handling more than one Bluetooth connected device. Had to manually connect my wife's and mine's device each and every time to play music. Also a couple times I had to restart the whole set up because music wasn't playing. Restarted the Fire Cube, Studio, and phone to get music playing. My frustration is building at this point.The final straw though was later that night while watching a show the audio without warning abruptly goes out. Video still playing but the Studio was silent. I was fed up. I wasn't going to bring something in my home that I had to babysit every night. I didn't even try to troubleshoot the issue. I did the final and last factory reset on the Studio and packaged the speaker back up to be returned.I know I am an edge case and I am being extremely critical on some functionality , but at the end of the day, I  dont want to deal with any issues. I want to set it and forget it. Give me the same sound and ugly design with a $100 higher price tag but a flawless seamless integration, I would gladly pay. I dont want to have to think when I come home, I want to flop on the couch and just watch tv.  Bottom line I wanted to love the Studio, but in the end with all its perks comes unnecessary issues that I dont really need.I DONT recommend it as a Fire TV Cube theater system set up.I DO recommend it as a standalone bluetooth speaker."	3	March 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have an Echo Plus in my kitchen that has become one of the main ways I listen to music. Because I listen to it so often, I thought switching to the Echo Studio would be a good upgrade.The Studio has a much brighter sound. The bass is better, but to hear the bass you have to turn up the volume, which makes the brightness of the treble overwhelming. Using Alexa's tone controls, I could adjust the Studio so the treble wasn't as bright, but all that accomplished was to make the Studio sound like the Echo Plus I already had.There's no question the Studio can go much louder without distortion than the Echo Plus. If you want an Alexa device that can go much louder than an Echo Dot or an Echo Plus, the Studio fits the bill.It's possible the listening environment in my kitchen exaggerates the brightness of the Studio. It was sitting on a granite counter with a hard-tile backsplash. But the Echo Plus in the same position sounds really good.Overall, I'm very happy with the sound from the Echo Plus. The Studio was not the upgrade that I hoped it would be, so I returned it. If I was going to spend $200 to improve the sound quality of my Alexa device, that money would be better spent on a standalone $200 speaker that connects to a cheaper Echo device, e.g., Soundcore Motion+, JBL Charge, Wonderboom, Bose Soundlink, etc.P.S. Amazon, how about offering a real equalizer in the Alexa app? The 3-band equalizer is  lame. For connecting Alexa devices to external speakers, an 8-band equalizer would be super helpful.	3	October 9, 2022	1
Echo Studio	The sound stage is very crisp. The unit does a wonderful job of adapting to the room it is in. Sound is a wonderful upgrade from any echo device. For the money, it is definitely a great investment.However, there are certainly some cons to discuss. I purchased this to use instead of a soundbar for my TV. I have no complaints about this as it does an admirable job even without the subwoofer. The negative is that once you have it set up as a home theater unit, you really can't do much more with it. Additionally, it is only useful in conjunction with the Firstick or Cube. This means that it won't work with Bluray or your video game system.The other drawback with the studios (and other Amazon devices) is that you are handcuffed to what streaming services they support natively. This means that should you pair speakers, there is no support for streaming another service in stereo. For example YouTube Music or your own MP3 or Flac files.I think this is a wonderful start and certainly a good idea, but there must be a better way either via software (a toggle perhaps) or hardware to integrate existing devices. That being said, having to be handcuffed to Amazon Music is just ridiculous.Edit: the amount of time it takes for the firestick to recognize the Studios makes me think a software toggle would be prudent.Definitely less expensive than other Atmos systems. Definitely will explore my options though.	3	October 12, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Once I start this review I would like to mention that I did a lot of research before I purchased the Echo Studio product.  My 7 year old Sony sound bar for my TV suddenly died and was not fixable or in order to fix it was too pricey.  Let me first say this product is for a second home and the room functions as a bedroom and entertainment room.  This room is not a home theater so what I am trying to describe is I didn’t need a robust sound system based on the room size and function. Also, I did want a system (speaker) where I could listen to music and have good sound from the TV.  Finally, I should mention I have Play1 Sonos speakers (1st Generation so no smart functions) at my primary home. Okay, understanding all those areas let me provide my review…I have had the Echo Studio for about 2 ½ months and the sound is very good with the music and playing through the TV in the size of the room as I described above.  The smart functions are nice to have but I will be honest I don’t really need to have them.  Based on the research I did and reviews on Amazon and outside of Amazon said the sound from speaker was almost as good as the Sonos play1 speakers and I have to disagree.  My personal opinion is the sound from Sonos is much better and the functions with Sonos app are 95% better for music lovers.  What do I mean by that statement is I feel there are limits with the Echo Studio based on functions and performance for music lovers or as a primary speaker for music and tv in a smaller size room. The following list below includes the limitation of the echo studio.• Always defaults to Amazon Music ( I recently changed the function within the app to my favorite music platform but Alexa still goes to Amazon music but not as much). If I want it to go to a favorite station of mine I need to be specific in my statement by naming the station exactly. And I am finding this very annoying b/c on my Sonos I have them saved and just go to the app and play them. So I have to look them up everytime if I want the echo studio to play them.  This  is a big fail for me.• Unable to save favorite stations• Doesn’t have the capability to store recent playlist or station.  For example, if I like what Alexa did pick I say save that station and she communicates that function does not exist.• Also, I don’t find the Alex app helpful when it comes to the music element as the Sonos App is.  Sonos app is seamless to me.  Also, I love the Sonos app in terms of saving the history of what the user has listen to and I can store favorites.• The search function in the Sonos app is great because I can see all the options to play from all my linked music platforms.  I want to communicate to those individuals who are music lovers and are using many online platforms for their music. And understanding the difference between the two products.  If you are reading this review and your in the market in purchasing a speaker for music and to play through the TV.  I would highly recommend Sonos speaker b/c it is seamless more flexibility and more functions within the Sonos app that is not offered through the Alex app.  This is why I am doing this review b/c that was not mention in my research and if I had known I would have spent more money for those functions and flexibility.  I realized that I did get a better price but for me at what cost.  I will say I am good with my echo studio and it does sound good.  But if I had known what I know now, I would have gone with a Sonos speaker.  I wanted to provide this information for anyone who is on the fence like I was….	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	This is a nice speaker and a great value as an alternative to an Echo in a bedroom or kitchen or especially, in a multi-room setup.  It has everything the new Echo has with better sound and it's only a fifty dollars upgrade (provided you get the hub in both). So the difference in sound quality is well worth it. But understand it's limitations and advantages before you buy one.I bought 2 Studios and set them up as a stereo pair and the sound get's loud and it stays clear. I compared them to my Definitive Tech speakers and okay, not even close, the $1000 Def's blew them away. But that's a 600 premium.  So, let's compare them to my sons HomePods at 300. Much closer comparison. But still, the HomePod's clarity and sound stage win but not by much. But usually you're either in the Apple or Amazon ecosystem so not really relevant. Then I put them next to the new Echo's and at normal volume the Studio win's in both clarity and bass. The Echo's bass is way too boomy (although the sounds not bad in the new Echo) and that affects the clarity. At louder volumes, the Studio's crush. And it's only $50 more, if both have hubs, however even if you compare it to the $99 Echo it's well worth the upgrade. But remember, it's a substitute for an Echo not a dedicated home theater or music.As for the sound, it's spacious. It fills the room and provides a deep listening environment. However, that does effect the focus. It's hard to identify precisely where instruments are coming from (even when paired in stereo) but to get big, deep sound, that's a problem with all lower-end speakers. The clarity is amazing, no bass boom here. Even fine wind instruments are clearly heard. This was for me the aspect that stood out. Too many speaker makers tend to over-emphasize the bass (Sonos!). But that's what sells to many customers. It seems like Amazon didn't fall into that trap. That's not to say it lacks bass but its not overwhelming. If you want big boom, use an equalizer.  So overall I like the sound, especially for a bedroom but don't buy it for GREAT sound. You can do better with 400, but you'll give up the convenience of Alexa and a hub.Pairing 2 in stereo improves the sound but not to the point it can compete with most dedicated systems so I don't see the point. Yes, it improves the depth and gives better imagining then one but is it really a main listening system worth $400? Especially when you can't play 5.1 and the optical input won't split to allow stereo from an outside source? It doesn't improve the sound to the point it can compare with the sound or function book shelf speakers. Remember you're paying for Alexa and a hub where speaker makers are putting the money into better speakers. Get two put them in different rooms and enjoy what it does best, multi-room music and have Alexa in 2 rooms.The issue when considering these for a Home Theater system or as a replacement for a soundbar is that they ONLY play with content that comes through the Amazon Fire. That's a problem. Want to replace your sound bar with these? Well not if you have cable, a game system or DVD and don't want mono sound. I know wires are so 2000 but not when you have content from another source without physically connecting and disconnecting the input each time. Especially when the studio's sound can't play stereo let alone compete with a 5.1 or 7.1 system when you use the optical input.So where do these excel?  First - In a multi-room setup this is a great system. You can buy 10 Studio's and still be paying for the wiring of a traditional multi-room set-up. And it would sound great. No doubt, this is a huge positive. Second - In an apartment where you want better sound, have a soundbar for TV and a smaller space to fill with sound. And lastly, if you are considering a new Echo or Echo Plus. For a little more $ you can get better sound and Alexa.In the end, anywhere you want better sound and Alexa makes this a nice upgrade.	3	November 11, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Purchased my first studio from a major chain as Amazon couldn't ship until after Christmas.  Purchased my second studio from Amazon about a month later.  My setup includes the two studios, 2 original echos, a gen2 echo dot, a 5 inch echo show, two thermostats (honeywell and lux), five cameras (blink and wyse), two lights (feit), and a few plugs (kasa and amazon).Plus -  Easy setup just like my Echos and Dots. Runs all my devices. Better bass. It has some weight to it. Has an optical cable port.  Can pair two for stereo. Dolby atmos if paired with some firesticks. Plays UHD and 3D music via Amazon Music HD subscriptionMinus - Bluetooth pairing – hard to pair with my Bose QC35ii headphones.  I could barely hear the sound setting the echo studio to volume 9.  Worked better after a firmware update. Light ring – location is wrong, can't see it from across the room, so never know when you have a notification, never mind if it is processing.  Stereo pair – once you pair two of them together you lose the bluetooth functionality with music.  The headphones will connect but only voice will be transmitted, the studio will break the connection to play the music through the stereo pair instead of the headphones.  Very frustrating if you are trying to use headphones on a treadmill.  Customer service says this is the intended functionality. Optical port – none of my toslink cables fit this port, it seems to be a combination optical port and a analog port, requires a completely different cable. Connection issues – sometimes it will lose connection with amazon music requiring a reboot.Overall –  I like the bass, I like the HD music, and the sound isn't bad.  It has more bass than my other smart speakers.  The microphones work well.  Functionality works the same as other echo devices, so I can control all my smart devices via Alexa.  I didn't like losing bluetooth connectivity if you use two studios as a stereo pair.  I understand the issue but by breaking bluetooth it doesn't give me a lot of incentive to keep paying for Amazon HD music.  I had some other issues with the music where it would acknowledge my music choice and then come back and tell me it had trouble playing my music.  This can be fixed with a reboot of the studio.  I haven't been able to use the optical port as it seems to use a non standard cord.  Haven't tried the Atmos via the Fire stick.  For the cost it is a better speaker than most but don't expect it to replace your high end surround sound system.Tips – I now plug the studio into an amazon smart plug, so I can tell another echo to turn off studio and turn on studio, it is easier than having to unplug the studio if you need a reboot.  This reboot seems to be required after a firmware update.  I gave up on trying to use bluetooth with a stereo pair.  I was told I could break the stereo pair to use the headphones but the only way I could do that was to fire up the app each time I wanted to use my headphones.  My solution is to use another device for headphones, luckily I have an echo show in the same area, so I use that for the headphones as I run on the treadmill.Pairing in stereo works well for UHD music but I prefer a single studio for 3D music.  Maybe the original concept was not intended for a stereo pair.  But It's still a keeper for me.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Worked great right up to the point it failed. I work from home and used this to play music for 8 to 10 hours per day five or six days a week for a total of 25 months. So yes, that was a lot of use for the speaker - close to 7,000 hours.It now plays crackle / static noises over its regular speech and music. Resetting it a few times usually gets it working for a few hours but I now find myself resetting the echo a few times per day. It’s pretty annoying.I bought the high end echo because I figured it would be the best for heavy use. I still have Polk audio speakers that have 30 years of use on them which work fine. I’m sad about the echo.	3	October 26, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"Good day Amazon!So, I've had a pair of Gen2 Echo+ and Echo Sub for some time. I like overwhelming bass in all music; I don't want to have the volume on +10 to feel the bass. The Echo 6"" sub is decent for what it is. I have the two Echo+ and Sub stereo grouped with FireTV Cube for 2.1 sound while watching TV (only from FireTV). Sounds very good for what it is. Now I've purchased 2 Echo Studio speakers as well in hopes the larger drivers will 'fill' the bottom end. Honestly, if you like your head ripped off by too much midrange (1K, 1.2K, 5K, etc), then these are for you; The Studios have no 'heart'. I used to run sound for our band and I know when there's too much of something in the mix; FWIW. I turn the Studio mids all the way down -6 and drop the treble to -2 and set bass to +6 then the Studios sound just 'ok'. So, I paired my Echo Sub with the Studios to see if that balances it out. Nope... No matter what I set the EQ to or turn spatial on or off, makes no difference with any kind of music (3D or not). The Studios actually attenuate the sound coming out of the Echo Sub. Far less bass paired up with Studio than Echo+. I'm seriously considering returning the Studios and getting 2 more Echo+ and another sub. (all of this stuff would benefit from more user EQ and crossover adjustment). In a final attempt to get 'MY' preferred sound out of all of this I created an Echo+ stereo pair with the Echo Sub, then just stereo paired the Studios together, set all EQ accordingly, then created an ""Everywhere"" group out of all of that. In that configuration the Studios aren't attenuating the sound from the sub. One would think that the size of the drivers on the Studio would trump the Echo+ as far as low end, but nope. W/e these things are doing is wrong IMO. It is true that Studio is clearer than Echo+, but to what end? Not a good one IMO... When I turn the EQ to +6 Bass, I expect the thing to thump (within reason for a 4""+ woofer). If I had a wish it would be that Amazon Echo releases an 8"" 800+ watt Echo Sub (with a decent user adjustable EQ) so those of us who LIKE the low end more than screaming mid range can manually shape the sound and get the sound they want. All in all, after trying high-end Apple, Sonos, Google, Bose and a few other expensive options side by side (yes, bought them all at the same time and tried at same time, then returned the others), the Amazon speakers sound the best, and are the clearest. (By the way, don't believe what you hear in the store or the sound demos... The acoustics are NOT the same as the environment YOU will be using them, and their ""demos"" are adjusted to make 'their' device sound better than it is with real music). I wish I knew where to post this comment that Amazon team would read it; probably wouldn't matter. LOL. All aforementioned devices have been tested on a 400GB connection with Amazon Music, Google Music, Pandora, Spotify, several other streaming services, as well as Bluetooth music from multiple devices. Agree/Disagree, there's my experienced 10 cents worth opinion for anyone considering these devices.I own a LOT of Echo devices and can't wait for new better Echos to be released. I just hope the Studio is NOT where they are going in the future... Don't get me wrong, it's a nice speaker, but not everyone wants screaming mid range. Example, most everyone I've EVER met uses a "" V "" or "" W "" configuration in their EQ. That represents CUTTING most of the screaming mid range. FWIW."	3	June 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This is my review for the 2 studios and sub connected the the cube.Please be aware that I think that the 2 studios and subwoofer are amazing together.  The sound is outstanding, my only setback is that I can't connect a bluetooth record player to the group to listen.  I can only listen on one of the studios, and no sub.  I am hoping that this is something that amazon fixes in the future...So I had a regular Fire tv that worked fine, we recently purchased 2 amazon alexa studios (amazing sound! kudos amazon!)  and a subwoofer.  well amazon got us on the hook for an additional $90.00 because we couldn't connect the group to the fire tv, we needed to upgrade to the 2nd gen cube.  FINE, we move the tv into our bedroom lol.Fast forward, well we watch a lot of shows on amazon video, hulu, and sling.  MOSTLY recorded things, sound and function 5+ stars!  We love that you can control the hdmi ports and everything with the cube remote/alexa by telling her.  I Think its awesome, you want to play video games alexa switch to hdmi 3, ok.So in the mornings getting the family ready for the day, and when I am working from home I love to have the news on in the background.  I notice news12 app doesn't work (local live news app) , do everything, delete cookies, cache, delete redownload the app.  So im like EFF IT, put on sling, I Guess im effen stuck with fox/abc, well those won't work with live tv either!  wait look amazon has a live news app, download that, oh look that doesn't work either.  I factory reset the cube, reset everything back up still doesn't work, even tried hard wiring the cube to the internet to make sure it wasn't our wifi (even though we have 2 fire sticks, and a tv that are working fine with all the apps and live tv).  Still doesn't work.Speak to amazon they work me through everything, still nothing works, they send me a new cube.  Set it up, didn't connect it to the speakers, live tv works fine, HOOOOOOOORAY LOOK AT THIS LIVE TV WORKS FINE!  Now I can catch up on this whole coronavirus news lmao.  Time to set up the speaker group (I mean I just spent $600.00 on amazon speakers to use with the tv/music I mine as well use them) .  Live news worked for literally 5 seconds, then freezes.  We reset the router, hardwire it, update it, delete cookies and did a little dance and said some prayers around it, still nothing worked for live tv.  My husband swears its some kind of cube bug maybe that live tv just doesn't work with it, I said ehh maybe its the speaker group (2 amazon echo studios and subwoofer which happen to be the reason I even bought this god damn cube).  I forget the group, live tv starts right up.In my opinion this should be a glitch worked out before making people buy this device to work with all of these expensive amazon speakers.  Some might even be like why do you need stereo surround sound to watch to watch the news? I don't.. but what about sports events, or if I decide to watch a show when it airs instead of pre recording?  none of that works.  So in a weeks time I spend about $650.00 on an amazon entertainment system that doesn't work.  I was already upset that I couldn't hook up a bluetooth device to my entertainment group (I would like to play records on the 2 studios and subwoofer) and can't do that, but now this?  Amazon please come up with a resolution asap.  Once you do, let me know and you will get 1000 stars.	3	March 12, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Usability:  I have a ton of Alexa devices around my house and this is the only one that has an issue hearing what I say unless I'm standing right next to it.  Other Alexa devices in nearby rooms often hear me before this one does!  I've tried placing the speaker in several spots, same issues.  Microphone is poor/substandard.  When speaker is playing anything at volume I have to shout at it.Form Factor:  Speaker is fairly large and more difficult to place than other speakers I'd have in it's placeSound:  This Echo Studio replaced a Sonos One in my kitchen.  The bass is a bit better but the midrange and upper ranges are more muddled.  The 'Ultra' recordings from Amazon Music don't make much of a sonic differenceIn summary, the Echo Studio sounds better than a normal Echo, but given the issues with the microphone and how much counter space it takes, I would not buy this device again.	3	September 27, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I got this solely to use with my Insignia FireTV but sadly it does not pair with this brand of Fire device. I did try it out as a replacement for my Echo Dot (3rd Gen) next. And while it does seem to sound better I really only ever used my Echo Dot to control my smart plugs or ask for weather and to me it didn't really sound dramatically better. Plus its huge compared to the Dot. I ended up returning it because to me it was a unneeded luxury. If I was a music heavy user then perhaps it may have been worth it.	3	October 30, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Once set-up it did not sound great until I moved it to an enclosed shelf where it sounded much better. Setting it up with the Alexa sub-woofer (it was a package) was frustrating and required lots of time before I realized the subwoofer was defective. The replacement worked fine. My opinion is that it good for the Alexa universe with Amazon or third-party music but Bluetooth from my iPhone did not sound good. It was not intuitive to set-up and I could not play music from my iOS Amazon music app—I had to use it from within Alexa which is cumbersome. I will say that it picks up my voice from across the room—excellent.  I’ll keep it because it was a one-day special sale but I would not buy again based on my personal needs.	3	October 10, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Like most of the Echo devices this was a snap to set up.  Sound quality was just OK.  Had to o buy a subwoofer to fill in real deficiency of the studio.  I had bought the Bose Smart speaker 500 and the sound was much better, even without a subwoofer, but the Alexa integration was marginal (ex: can't be a part of the Everywhere group). Returned it. I bought it because it was an Amazon Echo and I believed it would be 100% compatible. I wish it was more Bose-like for the $329 I paid.	3	October 26, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"It's not bad, it's not wow.  It sounds fairly good for what it does.  It doesn't sound a lot better than an Echo Plus.  It has some problems.  Bluetooth-controlled volume is consistently wrong, by being about 1/3rd quieter than streaming through asking it to play through one of the services it supports.  It just doesn't go very loud, like... not fill the apartment living room loud.  As a Bluetooth speaker it is less than fully functional.  It's not unusable, but it has less sound oomph than a small bookshelf speaker, despite the hype.  I'm very much not the only one.It doesn't support Youtube Music.  I don't intend to have the microphones on most of the time for privacy reasons.  My job even forbids it (government).  I intended to control it mostly via Bluetooth... so, it's a very quiet corner Bluetooth speaker.  Many people have brought this up and there doesn't seem to be any satisfactory solution.  Even Audible (an Amazon property) doesn't go very loud, if you say ""Alexa, play my book"".  Curious.  I've tried resetting per instructions.  Same deal.  Maybe there will be an Echo Studio Plus Plus."	3	September 3, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I love this speaker but I haven’t figured out why it disconnects from my tv firestick every once in a while. Just like every thing else Alexa sometimes does what she wants lol but overall I love this speaker	3	November 9, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Let me start out my review by saying I have purchased five different kindle tablets and at least four amazon type speakers from the dots to this studio. I am not an Amazon fanboy - but I do enjoy their products and appreciate their pricing. I also gave this speaker its teething period before I decided to write this as I was a preorder 1st day delivery customer.Let me start by saying if this speaker is going to be used to play music from your 24bit capable phone - its great. The sound is bass heavy and you will very likely be turning it down a notch to appreciate all it has to offer at the higher volumes. That said - where this thing does not shine, is in every other feature.As others have stated the light bar is at such an angle that you are often peaking at the top to tell if it heard you so often time you just have to assume it does and wait to hear the feedback. Not a deal breaker.The speaker is large but nothing you wouldn't see in a sub woofer but for a speaker id use like a right or left, its very large as a satellite type speaker without the height of a standard tower that would let you forgive it.  - again not a deal breaker.Now where the deal breaking starts is whether or not this is connected via an optical audio this device SUFFERS with the ebs and flows of your internet connection. It is so sensitive to  your internet setting that it cannot even calibrate or produce its calibration audio with less than perfect internet. This is such a true statement, that I actually returned my first studio as defective because AMAZON's technical support and developers thought there was a serious bug in it and had me ship it to a persons name at one of their centers for analysis. I was even asked for video recordings of the bugs mine was producing.If you have less than stellar internet and mine is 200mbs down cable type internet - my Alexa when asked questions would have her audio clip. After about 10 resets of my modem - calling ISP - and updating software on my Alexa I reduced this from a permanent aspect of my Studio to a 10% occurrence.So did it get better = Yes. did it go away....no.You said 24bit audio sounds great? Yes it does. But lets caveat that. If  you have a 4k Fire stick. The one they link to in this product description as compatible > its not. Not truly. You can pay for Amazon HD music and get up to 24bit type audio and play it through the studio on your phone. But Amazon HD on your firestick is only capable of 16bit. I have a yet to be responded to ticket for that. Which is why Im finally nail in coffining this device and sending my 2nd one back.What about use paired to firestick. How does that work? Its a pain. Not undoable, but not intuitive. If you want the studio to have volume UP/DOWN with remote you have to group it into a room AND set a home theatre system up. Not bad but not naturally intuitive. Setting up the speaker to pair with the smart TV or firestick you think would be enough or you could go in the firestick and change the Equipment management = nope. You spend so much time in the app making/breaking connections > its truly maddening.Stability? Lets talk about that 10% failure rate on this. What this equates to is when everything else is sailing on your internet for no reason the studio will have audio pop while being your firestick audio. Then because you hit pause, to go to the restroom, when you resume the lips no longer sync. OK maybe you just need to go to firestick and set the lip sync once in the setting > false assumption. You will set it and it may work for that resumed playback. But you pause again > back to out of sync. Again maddening. This if where I get into the fishing type comments is no matter how sure you've got something pegged some other variable makes your setup not work and lose all confidence you were even doing the right thing to begin with.I love amazon products when they work and I wanted to believe in the 3d audioscape of this device but this one is not ready as many have described. If this thing does 3d audio, I cant truly tell, and honestly I don't have the patience to wait any longer to find out because I spend more time on forums and in that Alexa app messing with settings/pairings to make something that should be near plug and play for how long they've been in this smart home hub/speaker business.All this speaker has done now is make me want to reconsider buying a new nighthawk router and modem > which every other day up to this point I didn't think i needed. And honestly the only reason this thing makes me want to waste more money is to compensate this things very probable lack of readiness for the market. Its just too much of a gamble in this first run.	1	November 26, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"Ordering the Studio Echo along with a Smart Plug has been the most negative experience I have had as an Amazon customer.  Usually,  Amazon's is first rate, even impressive, in its efficiency and customer service.  This order, however, seemed to have slipped through the cracks.To begin with, I ordered the Studio Echo in late November and was surprised to receive an email two days later estimating the order to be delivered in six weeks, which would be early January.  My payment card was not debited, which seems to be a standard practice when ordering through the internet.  I expected the charge to be processed once the item was shipped.  In mid December--out of the blue and without notification--I received a heads up from my card company that an ""unauthorized"" charge had been made on my account.  At this point I did not make a connection between my 3 week past Amazon order and the charge that suddenly appeared on my account--I had not received a ""heads up"" from Amazon of the charge being processed or notification of the order being shipped (which it had not).  As a result, I immediately contacted the card company and disputed the charge thinking my account had been compromised.  My card was cancelled and a new one issued.  It wasn't until the charge was tracked to Amazon that I made the connection with my order of the Studio Echo.  I had to back pedal my charge dispute, but the card had been needlessly cancelled.  It turns out that even though it had not been shipped, Amazon was running a ""charge check"" to make sure that my payment was sound.  Really?  I have been a steady Amazon customer for YEARS and have never had a hiccup of any kind, and now they have to verify I'm good for a charge less than $200?  This was just the beginning.True to the information I received, the Echo Studio arrived in early January.  The Studio itself was in its original box inside of a brown shipping box.  The Smart Plug was in the same box.  There was no packing material around either box and the Echo Studio box had a crunched corner and the taped seal was broken--apparently from ""rough"" handling?Now for the Echo Studio review itself--  Setup was relatively easy, involving the downloading of the Alexa app on my iPhone.  I had purchased it, hoping to use it to supplement the audio from our Smart TV.  Reviews have stated that it can be linked two ways to television, through bluetooth or through pairing with a FireStick.  It has been noted that people have found that with bluetooth there is an audio lag.  I found that to be true of trying to access the video through our FireStick as well.  It worked, but it was like watching an old sci-fi movie from the sixties.  Audio was completely out of sync.  I also found that as a speaker itself, the music seemed to be of poor quality, even after adjusting the bass and treble levels.  It sounded ""boxy.""  So I initiated a return.I received return authorization from Amazon and was given the choice of printing up a return label myself and sending it back or taking it to a UPS Store where they would box it and send it back.  The email also informed me that my refund would be processed 2 to 4 hours after Amazon received it.I dropped it at UPS on January 4th and received confirmation that it arrived at Amazon's return facility on January 6.  Two days later, I contacted Amazon about the refund and was told that I should give it a business week and to contact them if I did not receive it by Monday, January 11.  I called Amazon customer service and spoke with an agent who then told me that it was their policy to wait two weeks before issuing a refund for electronic items--despite the fact that their email to me said it would be a matter of 2 to 4 hours.  It wasn't until I spoke with a supervisor that she authorized my refund.  What a fiasco!This has not been an experience that I expected with Amazon, but it has made me wary and hesitant before making a similar purchase from them in the future."	2	January 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Perhaps I had my expectations with this product too high, but my experience was disappointing.My idea was to improve the sound quality of my TV, which, having no 3.5mm audio output, the only option I had was to connect the Echo Studio via Bluetooth. But it did not work for me because it sounds too low, even with both volumes (tv and Echo) at maximum.Then try to connect it to my pc through the 3.5mm jack. The volume is well heard, and the sound quality is good, deep. But not as good as to replace the speakers that I use and that are much cheaper.Conclusion, I expected a surround sound that would make me feel a new experience, and although the sound quality is very good, I think it is a product that is too expensive for what it offers.	3	September 11, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I've owned my Amazon Echo Studio for almost 24 hours now and was about to return it this morning when I discovered something everyone reading these reviews should be aware of.Straight out of the box, it sounded AMAZING. Exactly as I had hoped, and maybe even a little better than I expected. Mind you, I was simply playing tracks from my Amazon account. I have two Echo Show's as well, and wanted the studio for the kitchen.Setup was a breeze and I was up and running in no time flat. Rich full bass, beautifully balanced mids and highs...just fantastic. I was beaming from ear to ear. I could even feel vibration on my tile kitchen floor and it was sitting on a granite counter top!But then I decided to pair it with my other Echo Show's as well as my Samsung TV Soundbar, for a full room by room home audio immersion experience, and that's when it all went to hell.I had some issues initially getting everything linked up, but finally they were all working. Great I thought, but suddenly the Echo Studio was putting out about 1/2 the volume. Like the woofer just quit.No matter what settings I chose in the Alexa App on my iPhone, it sounded thin, somewhat tinny, lifeless, and had low volume even when turned to full blast (mind you it about blew me out of the house when I first out of the box).So I re-initialized it, fired it up and voila, it was sounding great again as a standalone speaker (not linked to others). So I tried connecting to just one of my Echo Show's and poof, there goes the woofer again. Suddenly, it's a shell of its former self.I re-initialized again and boom, we're back! So at this point, I have to conclude something is wrong with the bluetooth connection and the firmware. I'm now just using it as a standalone speaker in the kitchen and it sounds superb. This may be in need of a firmware update, but nothing is available as of the writing of this review. I will add that pairing via bluetooth with my iPhone works fine. The problem occurs when pairing with an Echo Show and/or Samsung TV system. At least for me. So I'm just not going to do that now.Yes, in case you're wondering, I tried turning off the spatial option in the Alexa App, boosted the EQ settings, Checked volume settings, etc. Nothing fixed it except a hard reinitialization. Simply unplugging it wasn't the answer either.So if your Echo Studio is suffering from low volume and wimpy sounding output, do what I did. Reset it and start over...and don't connect it to any other speakers until someone figures this out. I'm rating 3 stars because of this problem, but will happily upgrade my rating if/when these problems are addressed and resolved.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I’ve wanted a home theater for many years but have never been able to afford one.When the Echo Studio came out I was interested and I purchased one.When I found out that it could be used as part of a home theater set up I was very excited!I already had the Fire Cube so I added a second Echo Studio and the Amazon Subwoofer.At first I was very hopeful despite the many negative reviews that I’d read about using that set up as a home theater.Sadly it turns out the negative reviews are correct.I’ve had nothing but trouble with the Studios going offline for no reason on a very frequent basis.And there is no reset button that I’m aware of so it means, in my case, climbing over furniture to unplug the Studio from the back of the device since I can’t reach the outlet where they are plugged in.If this reset was only necessary rarely I wouldn’t mind as much but it’s gotten to be at least every two weeks if not more frequently especially lately.Also on the Alexa app it keeps showing that the sub needs attention I have no idea what attention it needs but if I click on the sub the warning triangle symbol goes away until the next time I open the Alexa app and scroll through devices.And the Echo Studios do not play nicely at all with the Amazon Recast.That’s a daily nightmare with the audio when I watch a recording stuttering repeatedly and breaking up so badly that I have to keep rewinding the recording to try and hear the show.Very annoying! 😡I have to reset the Recast which is another pain as often the Recast claims that it’s suddenly not on the network so I can’t restart it via the Fire Cube TV.Which is bizarre because I’ll check the network at the time and everything is fine, no settings were changed etc.So then I have to unplug the Recast to get it to reset.I wish that the Studio at least had a reset button that would cause the Studio to do a reboot as opposed to my having to climb over furniture just to unplug it and reboot the Studio.All in all my dream of having my own home theater setup remains only that, a dream, because the Echo Studios and a Sub are no substitute for a real home theater set up.I wanted to be happy with the Echo Studio but I’m not.It needs more work to be a home theater system.As a single stand alone speaker it may be adequate but that’s not what I was looking for, I wanted a home theater.Your experience may differ but I will not recommend it as a home theater at this point.Thank you to anyone who takes the time to read this review I know it’s quite long.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sounds great, but does not come with a remote.What gives Amazon?	3	November 10, 2022	1
Echo Studio	For the premium price, somewhat astounded by how much worse this Echo performs compared to its cousins. We regularly see it spinning its blue light without anyone mentioning the wake word, even when arriving home to an empty house. It fails to recognize approximately one out of every three requests, clearly listening, but after a long pause, turning red and saying it *bong* “is having trouble understanding right now, please try again later” (this has occasionally happened with other models, but never like this, and at some times models in other rooms even pick up on us trying repeatedly to get this one to perform, and will carry out the instruction instead). This is particularly aggravating when it misunderstands something and starts playing inappropriate music for the crowd. The sound is an upgrade, but its connection seems so unstable that it often cuts out, and when playing on a “group” of Echos, this one shorts out while others in the same “group” are able to play on. Sometimes, the voice disappears—the light seems to indicate it is listening, and then acting on the request, but no sound comes out. We have to reset the unit several times a day at this point. We’ve experimented with different locations and different setups—even swapping locations with other units—and the issues remain. This is really the worst performing of any model in terms of connectivity and voice recognition. Maybe we have a defective unit, but we were deeply disappointed in what we’d hoped would be a significant upgrade. Overall, still impressed by the Echo tech, but unless these kinds of issues are fixed, I’d suggest sticking with the basic model.	2	October 30, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This is a Great sounding speaker but if you plan to use the auxiliary input it becomes a burden. You can not connect anything else or use Alexa when auxiliary is inserted even if the source is off. It doesn’t pair to the sub woofer well or home groups. I’m a huge Alexa fan but this device doesn’t do what I would expect from an audio focused device.	3	October 6, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"First, I have a 2nd gen Echo, Echo Dots, Echo Input, Echo Auto, Fire TV 4k, many devices controlled by Alexa and subscribe to Amazon Music HD. That being said, I was overly optimistic about the Echo Studio. I was hoping to replace the Echo in my kitchen with a better sounding speaker. Although a Denon receiver in the family room (open to the kitchen area) takes full advantage of Amazon Music HD, the convenience of the Echo tucked away in a corner on top of the cabinets makes it the most used audio component in the house. It's on for much of the day while listening to Sirius XM, Pandora or Amazon Music.Now for the good, the bad and suggestions for Amazon.The good:- It worked out of the box and was effortless to set up (other than with the Fire TV 4k).- Was reasonably attractive and solidly built.- The bass response went fairly deep and sounded good on the right material.- It had enough power to sound ""punchy"" when it needed to.The bad:- The 3D effect was non-existent to my ears. I tried the speaker in four different locations (even though is was destined to be in the kitchen).- The sound quality was not pleasing on most material. This could potentially be corrected if the EQ was expanded from three-band to ten-band. While determining this, I gave the most weight for sonic quality to songs delivered in Ultra HD from Amazon Music since the Sirius XM material is pretty compressed.- The volume level was never quite right when using the 1 -10 scale. Even using the Alexa app to control it was a pain. Sometimes it did not remember the setting when exiting the app. I don't understand why Amazon can't expand the volume option to either 1 - 100 percent or allowing .5 settings (i.e. ""Alexa: Set the volume to 2.5"", or ""Alexa: Set the volume to 25%"" ). This also hold true for the Echo speaker (as others have voiced online). For my needs, 2.5 or 3.5 (depending on time of day and the music source) are perfect, but going into the Alexa app to change it is not convenient.- I could not get it to work with the Fire TV 4k.- The spatial enhancement for stereo music is awful. Just turn it off immediately (it is only available with the latest update for the Alexa app).- As noted by another reviewer, the blue light is not visible is many placements like it is on the standard Echo. I tried using the audible notification (available in the settings), but it was obnoxious.My suggestions for Amazon:- Make the EQ ten bands, not three- Add more granularity to the voice activated volume adjustments.- Market it as a full range Alexa enabled speaker with an included hub - not a ""surround sound"" speaker where it fails miserably. Sell that as a bonus feature.- Improve the quality of the high frequencies. Not sure if it's the tweeter or the amp, but the high end could use some help to produce a more pleasing sound.I returned it after one week... but would likely have kept it if it had the expanded EQ and ability to voice control the volume in finer increments."	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"UPDATE 11/21/19 - I received a replacement unit on 11/13.  I set it up and everything seems to be working.  I would note that for whatever reason the packaging of the replacement was more generic than what I originally got (the box didn't have the picture of the device on it, just was plain black) and it didn't come with the power cord which I had sent back with the defective unit.  I don't care about the box at all but why not supply the power cord??? (luckily for me I had a spare I could use from another device - it's just a generic figure 8 power cord).  I did also pair the new device with an echo sub I used to have connected to a stereo pair of Gen 2 Echos.  I like the sound from the studio and I definitely can hear the difference in 3D music vs. non-3D music.  Interestingly now that it is paired with the sub I don't really notice the Studio being that much better than the stereo pair of Gen 2 echos (with sub) that I used before when playing non-3D music.  Granted I'm no audiophile but I'm wondering if it was worth the upgrade when I already had the sub to help the Gen 2 Echos in the bass dept.  I debated changing the rating since the replacement works as advertised and I think Amazon customer service was great (although after leaving the negative review below they called me within an hour or two - otherwise I had been waiting for a few days for follow-up), however the whole review/experience may get missed by others if I up the score so I'll leave as-is.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW 11/11/19:I preordered this speaker the day after it was announced.  With 8 existing Echos around the house I was more than excited to experience the sound quality from this HomePod killer.  It arrived on launch day (11/7) and I immediately went to work setting it up.  With baited breath I told Alexa to ""play the best of 3D music"" in order to get the full 3D experience and Alexa repeated my command as a confirmation.  Then......  nothing.  No music.  No sound.  Was the volume too low?  No, it was set around 5/10.  About 30-45 seconds after the initial command Alexa told me ""Sorry, I'm having trouble playing the music"".Long story short I tried everything - playing different stations, playlists, individual songs, etc.  All with the same result.  Alexa would repeat my command as confirmation (just like the other Echos prior to playing what I asked) but then there was silence for anywhere from 15-45 seconds before she would tell me ""I'm having trouble playing the music"".  I called tech support after running through all the online suggestions (reboot cable modem, reboot router, reset Echo, remove and reinstall Alexa app, etc.).  Even though the Studio was in the same spot in my house where an existing Echo pair with Sub was located I put the Echo Studio 6 inches from the router and went through some more troubleshooting with the tech on the phone.  I asked the Studio to update software and was told on several attempts ""Sorry, I experienced a problem, please try again later"".To be clear the Echo does everything else it is supposed to - control lights, answer questions, play the news, etc.  It just won't play music (and I'm an unlimited subscriber).After an hour on the phone with the Amazon tech he was clueless.  He pulled some logs to send to engineering team and I've yet to hear back.  I REALLY wanted to love this new Echo and the sound quality but right now it's not even up to par with an Echo Dot - at least the Dot can play music.I'm sure this will get sorted out somehow, either with some update or with the replacement of the device itself.  It's just frustrating to wait so long for the preorder, get the device, and have it not work.  And Amazon's Echo Studio page is saying it's out of stock until 12/10 so it may be another month before I can have the chance to hear music on a replacement.  I hope others that got theirs on launch day didn't have the same experience!"	1	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"I have a lot of Alexa speakers throughout my home and business. I love the ecosystem and really dig Amazon's echo product line in general. For the price on the regular echo, especially when it's on sale, it's an insane value for what you get in terms of size and sound. I thought the Studio would have similar value. It does not.I have a Sonos one that I use as my main Alexa speaker in my living room. I have a newly built smart home and my house came with the regular echo, an echo dot, an echo show (2nd gen), and the Sonos One. The Sonos sounds the best out of all of them so I put it in the room where I listen to music the most. Recently I decided to move the Sonos to my business and replace it with the Studio, thinking that the studio would be a better speaker, since people are raving about it on the internet. I mean, it is a bigger speaker and a newer design. And, since the regular echo is such a good value, I figure it's likely that $200 spent on a Studio would equal a better sound experience than $200 spent on the Sonos One. I was wrong.I got the Studio today and it looks impressive right out of the box. I plugged it in and tested out a few tracks, and it sounded pretty good. I couldn't yet tell if I liked it better than the Sonos. I mean, it was obviously louder and had more bass, but it was hard to judge since I hadn't listened to the Sonos all day.I put on a hip hop station and started listening casually. A couple of songs in, it became obvious to me that the bass, although louder, was kind of clumsy and didn't seem to hit perfectly with the other sounds. I thought meh, maybe it's just this song. Then it happened with another song. So I moved it to another area of the room, and listened to it at different distances. I went into the Alexa app and messed with the EQ and toggled the sound enhancing feature that everyone on here talks about.The feature makes a difference but honestly makes the music sound kind of tinny when it's off and muffled when it's on. So that was another layer of suspiciousness. Then, when a particular song came on, called ""wasted"" by JUICEWRLD (don't you judge me now), I noticed that during one of the parts that he sings in a higher pitched tone, there was a VERY noticeable crackling. Wtf?? I know I didn't just hear that. Then the chorus came again, and it did it again.I combed through forums, factory reset, and tried everything I could to make it sound the way I wanted. Then I was like you know what, I'm just gonna plug in the Sonos and see how it compares. WOW. As soon as the Sonos played the same song not only was the crackling non-existent, but everything else sounded way better, too. Even the bass. The Studio has louder bass, but the Sonos is so clean and precise with the way it hits and maintains sustained low notes. I'm not a self identifying audiophile (nerds) but that's the best way I can describe it. The Sonos is definitively better all across the board at the exact same price. Plus, it's less than HALF the size.I wanted to love the Studio and was sure that I would. But I'm returning it. I won't even keep it to put in another room because it straight up sounds like crap to me. I'd honestly rather have another regular echo. Amazon missed on this one. I don't know how it got so many good reviews. Get the Sonos instead. People say that it has problems with the microphone but I've never experienced any of that. Only problem with it is that it doesn't pair with other echo devices for ""everywhere"" playing, so be aware of that and decide based on your needs."	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I own two studios that I use for my family room.  Here is the problem:1.  First of all, Amazon customer service is becoming unacceptable. In trying to solve my Echos problem, I was basically told to give up or return the product and on a second try, I was hung up by the customer service representative.  This type of behavior is unacceptable, especially from Amazon.2.  The Echos pair together have an AMAZING sound.  However, here is the catch.  These speakers do not give you the same sound ALL the time as you expect.  For some reason, a software issue probably, Amazon has not fixed, you get different sound quality and loudness depending on what you are using them for.  In my case, when listening to music from Spotify, the sound is what is expected (loud and rich), but if you use the Spotify app using my fire stick the outcome is depressing.  Movies sound good using Netflix and Amazon Prime Video, however, the sound loudness is limited.  The same for watching YouTube videos (this is the biggest bummer), the sound is extremely limited.  So, if you watch lots of music videos, on YouTube, this product will have you disappointed and frustrated. All my issues come from using my firestick, which I replaced over a year ago trying to solve the same issue when I had only one Echo Studio. Until Amazon does not fix this issue and improve their customer service, I have a mix feeling about recommending the Echo Studio.	3	March 15, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I got two of these to replace 2 Echo Shows in the bedroom (stereo group).They sound great, although the sound quality/difference was noticeable but it was not 4-5 times the cost difference of the Echo's I replaced.Have had no issue with pairing/streaming music or using them as alarms, but the lack of a screen functionality and the cost for what you get is what led me to leave 3 stars instead of 4.	3	September 20, 2022	1
Echo Studio	bought these to replace my aging home theater system. wanted something more compact than a big receiver with less wires running to satellite speakers. Figured this would be the perfect option. Not only is it cheaper to buy 2 and sync them for a stereo pair, but the Dolby atmos sound eliminates the need for satellite surround speakers. I have 2 in a stereo pair connected with my amazon firestick 4k for the home theater set-up. sound is....ok. I previously had an echo plus in my living room that I used for music. I moved it to the kitchen. when I listen to whole-home music, I can hear the bass from echo plus in the kitchen over the 2 studios in the living room. the bass is NOT what they claim it is even with the bass turned all the way up in the equalizer. will be purchasing the echo sub if it ever comes back in stock. They also are VERY glitchy. if I go from listening to music, to watching tv on the firestick, I lose sound altogether. Its like it gets confused when switching listening modes. I have to continuously switch the volume control from the fire stick between TV and home theater system until finally I get sound back. they also get really screwed up if you ever lose power. they wont respond at all without resetting them. then you better make sure they are both working when you think you have them set up again. I lost power one day, and every time I tried to talk to one of the echo's, the light ring would light up in response, but no sound came out. Then I tried playing music and put my ear to it and realized there was no sound at all coming from it. for no reason at all. everything was set up correctly and online. I had to reset it, delete the stereo pair and home theater, then re-connect it as a stereo pair and home theater so it would start working again. Don't even know how long It was like this. there needs to be some serious updated to these. At $200 a piece, I would expect better.***update*** downgraded to 1 star. haven't had them for a year and sending them back for repair. Ended up being useless as a home theater set-up. had to continually go into the firestick sound settings and turn the home theater off and on repeatedly until they finally worked. Just gave up on this and used the speakers primarily for streaming music. have since added the echo sub which increased the bass, but was only really noticeable with the bass turned all the way up in the equalizer. Now they randomly stop playing. it will start with one speaker cutting out, then the next one cuts out. then 30 seconds later, the sound comes back. it does this every couple minutes rendering the speaker useless. it is not an internet connection issue. they are right next to my router with a strong and stable signal. i have other echo speakers all throughout my 3000 square foot house, and even the one furthest away on the upper level of my house has no issues. i tried switching them to the 5ghz band, and it didn't help. I unpaired them from the stereo pair, and it didn't help. to sum it up, speakers are extremely glitchy with multiple problems, and i cant even use them for what i bought them for as a home theater set-up. going to send them for repair once, and if they come back with the same issue, i will be requesting them to be replaced with the newest generation echo. not worth the money and the headache***another update*** sent my 2 studios back to amazon for warranty repair for music cutting out. my account page says they have received them, but the status update never changed. it's been almost 10 days. they said i would receive my repaired items or new ones within 10 days. Contacted customer service, and they could not locate my devices. they wanted to send me new ones right away, but i said i wanted a refund instead. I'm not dealing with the headache again. will get 2 of the echo gen 4 instead. avoid these speakers. dont be sucked in by the sugar coated claims of sound quality. too many issues to list. these should be pulled and taken back to the drawing board to work out all the issues before releasing them to customers	1	January 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Purchased the Echo studio and Sub combination.Pros:They arrived.They sounded ok, kinda 7/10.Cons:Connectivity, they would constantly unpair, playing out of just the echo or the sub. Needed to reset both to reconnect. Tried to trouble shoot for weeks.The App interface is just horrible. A lot of the trouble with this kit would be solved with just an app overhaul. Ugly, unintuitive, not effective. The sound slider mechanism is clunky, doesnt tell the truth, jerks from 10% to 60% without warning, with a delay. Nightmare.Lipsynch issues with Tv media. (They claim not to be focussed on tv sound, but it was very irritating having to constantly fiddle with the fire stick lip synch tool)They dont go very loud as a pair. For the size, which is not small, (measure before ordering) they are fairly tame when full volume. Not great for impressing guests. Especially when they then disconnect from each other.Amazon returns policy is fair and effective. If you have the time to p**s around with this, they may be right for you. Give it a go.If you don’t, I’ve just bought a Sonos Move which is instantly 100 times better than this kit. Smaller, better sound, easy to work with the Sonos App. About to integrate with a fuller Sonos house install, ceiling speakers, Amp etc. The experience is night/day.Hope this helps.	3	March 13, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I don’t consider myself an audiophile but I love good sound. A pair of Studios seemed great value compared to buying a good pair of bookshelf speakers and a decent receiver/amp, or investing in  Sonos or the closed off Homepods.In short, the audio quality is mediocre to my ears and only shines when LOUD. I really wanted to recommend these, but if you want a flexible/high quality audio system, I would look elsewhere. Stereo pairing seems more of an afterthought in the Echo ecosystem, and this limitation is an unacceptable compromise for me.FeaturesAlexa works as expected. Creating a stereo pair is easy. Connecting the pair to the Fire TV 4K is a breeze.  The 3D features are gimmicky in my opinion and didn’t really add anything to the experience. Aesthetically, I was pleasantly surprised. These look good and build seems high quality.My main complaint -- creating a stereo pair does not do what you might expect. Pairing does not unify the two Studios as a single and persistent stereo pair -- it merely tells Alexa that stereo playback is available for limited purposes -- namely, playback from qualifying subscription services or via the Fire TV.Since the stereo pair breaks, you cannot stream music from your phone or the computer from any arbitrary app, and output to  the stereo pair (unless you’ve connected to via the Amazon music app from the phone).  I really hoped the technology would have been implemented in such a way that you can send audio to one and have it work with both in stereo. You cannot bluetooth or wired line in and maintain the stereo pairing. When scanning for available bluetooth devices, you see each speaker individually only and connecting will be mono to a specific speaker. I was aware of this limitation with respect to wired in, but I was disappointed  to learn that bluetooth also breaks the stereo pair. At first, I thought it was user error but learned that this a long requested and ignored feature request across the Echo device line.Stereo pairing works when connecting via Amazon Music from the iPhone. It takes about 10 seconds to connect and there’s a few seconds lag when controlling via the app, but on the whole it’s usable. Stereo pairing works when telling Studio to play music by voice. It’s not perfect. Often it will inexplicably stop playback or reduce volume. Sometimes playback won’t be in stereo and will come from one or the other speaker (noticeably when asking Alexa to play radio stations) -- but on the whole, it works as expected when working within the confines of the limited feature set. I appreciate being able to voice control these speakers, but I cannot recommend these over a more traditional wired hookup connected to an Echo Dot.I am left with the impression that there wasn’t enough thought given to using these as an alternative to dedicated home audio devices. They are not suitable replacements for a wired or wireless stereo system. I understood there was no Airplay or equivalent wifi feature to select the pair as the audio output for a mobile/computer device, and I wrongly assumed these had bluetooth as an alternative.Audio qualityMusic sounds significantly better in stereo than mono, but even in stereo the quality is just okay. Sound is muddy and they lack detail I would expect at the  price point for two of these. At first I thought one of Studios was broken -- I just couldn’t believe it was so unimpressive given the rave reviews and price point. The Studios start to impress when loud - it does not distort and detail comes alive.  They easily fill my large bedroom, but they are lackluster for ordinary listening volumes. To my ears, the Homepods are far superior for audio quality.I bought these mainly for music but being able to use a pair for TV speakers is a nice bonus if you have a compatible Fire TV.	2	June 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I hesitated wanting to do a review. On one hand, the build quality is really nice, it looks great and I’m pleasantly surprised with its sound quality. I use it in my bedroom and the bass fills the room enough (for a bedroom). Highs and lows are really sharp and only seem to distort at the very very top of it’s sound volume. Mids are good too but not as pronounced. I wanted better sound in my bedroom than the tiny sound from the TV (horrible) but it needed to be affordable, that at $200, it is. Lastly, Amazon won me over by offering me monthly payments.  Overall, I am pleased but I have major issues that are quite annoying. For reference, I run my network of Eero Mesh Network (3 AP / Small House), a new latest generation Firestick (not 4K) and a 400mbps Internet connection. To get the virtual surround sound (ATMOS) Amazon touts, you need to have a newer Firestick connected through a featured they call Home Theater. This basically connects the Firestick to my Echo Studio through WiFi to pump the HiFi audio. The virtual surround sounds sounds really good. The problem becomes dropped audio that never recovers or freezing my firestick. I actually don’t think the speaker is at fault, the problem is the Firestick. (I have contacted them about it) and since is the only way to get audio to it, well I’m forced to reset my Firestick at least 2 times a day and on some cases much more than that. I’m waiting to see if Amazon releases a new Firestick or software update and that’s my testament on how great this speaker sounds (and obviously the price) that I’m willing to wait. But it’s extremely simply good looks and great sound will not help others buy into it. Stay away if you don’t want these issues because they will happen. Not even the optical input works well and I was hoping to use that. Like i said it works great when it does (85% of the time) but it’s needs a lot of work including this Amazon Alexa ecosystem. Please fix this Amazon.	3	October 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Same great technology.Needs a pop up handle, it is bulky to move around.Sound is ok outdoors, better indoors.	3	October 13, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Audio is not as good as I thought it would be.	3	October 16, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I bought the Echo Studio in early 2020. Sound quality is wonderful and, of course, it has all of the great Alexa features.However, since I first received it, I've experienced so many glitches. I have to unplug and restart at least 1-2x a month. Lately, the ES has also been missing alerts/alarms unless I nudge it (for example, this morning the alarm did not go off, neither did my 8 am reminder. When I asked Alexa to turn my light on, EVERYTHING went off at once - the alarm, my reminder, and my morning routine.) I've now made it a habit to have a back-up alarm on my phone (which, I mean, is good in case there's ever a power outage, I suppose).The most common glitch I have is that ES just stops responding (this happens regularly). Note that I don't have this problem nearly as often with my Echo Dot.Another glitch I experience is that ES won't connect to my phone until I restart the ES, or it'll randomly connect to my phone (when I did not prompt it to do so) and won't disconnect at my verbal command - I have to go into the phone and manually disconnect.As much as I like the speaker quality, I'm considering getting rid of the Echo Studio and just getting a regular Alexa, and buying a separate bluetooth speaker.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Studio	We're pleased that this generation of Echo improves our ability to interact with Alexa (voice recognition and command responses seem more accurate). And let's get real, this speaker, light years better than the device it replaced, cannot compete with a stereo system so I can't really rate it any higher than I have.	3	August 31, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I bought these thinking I'd use them in my living room as do all speakers that connect to my TV, and listen to music.  When I found out they could be paired together, I actually bought two thinking the 3D sound would be awesome in stereo.First things first, these things are big and heavy.  My wife wasn't a fan of how large they looked on our entertainment stand, but I wanted to give them a chance.  They're 10 pounds, they've got to have great sound, right?Conceptually this is cool, the speaker will adjust itself to the room it is in for the best quality of sound, PERFECT!  That said, I'm not an audiophile and I didn't notice any difference in sound when I moved it around, which might be the point.The speaker itself sounds pretty good, if you really want to turn your music up and feel it though, this probably isn't the one for you.  The bass was okay, the sound was good, but I was expecting a serious sound system to rival the sound bar I already had.  It fell short in that respect.Now for the main reason I returned them, these aren't cheap, so my expectation was that they would work with my FireTV stick.  They did, sometimes, and sometimes, they wouldn't connect at all, or the remote couldn't control the volume.  Having to reconnect them multiple times in the first week was a pain, having the volume not work and having to tell alexa to turn up or down sucked.  I didn't want to give up though so I bought a optical audio to 3.5mm cord to see if that would work better... oops, you need an optical out to optical 3.5mm cable; wait a few more days and plug it in.  Awesome, it's working with the cable, but the volume can only be controlled by talking to Alexa, not ideal when watching TV.  Oh, and if you use the cable, they don't connect as a pair, you can only listen through one speaker.  Enough was enough, I wasn't going to keep something that was this expensive and didn't do what I needed it to, I had to return them.That said, if you're using this to replace a standalone alexa speaker and you want something with better sound.  I think this is a great unit, you can pair it with others(which you can do with any amazon devices) and have some really good (not great) sound.	3	September 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Disclaimer: this is not my first Echo device - I have altogether 5 of them at the moment, and have used them for at least 3 years.Unlike other reviewer who criticized this gadget, I had no problems with setting it up and with using it. It works fine, plays music and answers questions. I am just unhappy with the sound, that was, of course, the primary reason to upgrade from Echo Plus to this device.The good:a. Bass is better that on my Echo Plus.The bad:a. Trebles are  very bad and muddy. Rudimentary equalizer settings (Bass, Midrange, Treble) are not sufficient to adjust the sound properly. I believe the problem is mostly due to phase cancellation effect on a single tweeter that mixes signal from left and right channels. Amazon developers, please consider either adding another tweeter in the next generation, or employing a better algorithm that will minimize phase cancellation effect.b. The switch for ""Stereo Spatial Enhancement"", that is enabled by default, makes the sound much worse and completely kills the trebles.c. There is a clear dis-balance in volume between spoken voice (that appears too quiet) and music (too loud). So every time you use it, you need to adjust the volume.d. Light ring that shows that Alexa is listening for you can be seen only from above, and not from the side, so if you ask Alexa to do something from 3 steps away, you don't know if it can hear you or not."	2	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Studio	My relationship with the Amazon Echo Studio is one of love and hate....The positives...  The Echo Studio produces great sound considering its compact size and also in comparison to other blue tooth speakers of similar price points.The negatives...  I was so please with my first Echo Studio that I purchased an second for stereo pairing.However, i had difficulty getting two Echo Shows to pair and after a lengthy call to Amazon tech support, my issue was escalated.After waiting 48 hours for a return call from a tier two tech and trying everything possible, my devices were not able to be paired to work together and it was suggested I  return and exchange them.However, After deleting and reinstalling apps and making adjustments and updates to my phone upon their instruction,  none of my bluetooth electronics (which were working issue free prior) are now working correctly. I can't get any speakers, earphones or my much loved, android car play to sync and work.Ive tried to performing a factory reset on my phone as well as removing, reinstalling / updating apps on all my bluetooth devices but it was of little help.Occasionally,  I can get a device to sync after spending several minutes trying to get it to work.But the 20% of the time time when it does sync, it still won't play, so it's actually working 10%.So, I loved Echo Show when I had only one of the speakers and had no sync issues.But the aftermath of trying to get the second device working has left me incredibly frusted and experiencing inconveniences that appear to have no resolution.If Amazon would work with me to resolve these issues expedisously, I would not hesitate to offer my highest recommendations on the product.However, with my current entire bluetooth network now not unusable, I'd strongly recommend careful consideration of the real possibility that you may loose the entire connectivity of all your bluetooth devices before you purchase.I'm returning both my Amazon Echos Shows.  However, many times, ive felt I may get more satisfaction out  frustration release out of smashing my them with the nearest hard object within reach over returning and receiving the refund.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"This speaker isn't the best for the price. The sound quality is sub par, the far field mics don't pick up my voice well at all. This is a device that has been advertised with ""3D"" sound and self calibration... uhhhhh nope! The Apple HomePod far outshines this speaker by a mile!"	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I bought these with a fireTV with the hopes of a good sound ecosystem. When it works, it’s great… but I find myself resetting the whole setup weekly because it stops working correctly.  I wish I had spent the extra money on a Sonos setup. The price savings on the echo studio setup is not worth the frustration.I was hoping with the amount of data Amazon is collecting from Alexa’s that they would be able to find these bugs and iterate faster to resolve them.Likes:- good audio (I added the echo sub)- price compared to alternatives-  fire tv integrationDislikes:- randomly stops playing music- disconnects from the fire tv and requires restarting tv and echo studios to get it to work (a multi minute process)- randomly requires two prompts to get it to play music	2	November 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I bought my first Echo Studio about a year ago and was very happy with the sound and setup.  The bass response was so good that I didn't think that I needed to buy the Echo Sub.  Recently I bought a 75"" Fire TV and decided to get a 2nd Echo Studio.  Once the 2nd Echo Studio was paired with the original, I no longer had any control of the equalizer in the Alexa app.  The nice deep bass that I had with the single speaker is now watered down with the addition of the second speaker.  The Fire TV also copied all the data from my Fire Cube and basically made it useless.  The problem with that is that the Fire TV is much slower and has less capacity than the Cube.  I also discovered that the Ultra Hi Def audio that Amazon Music is pushing will only play with certain Amazon devices (and then you can't adjust the sound because your equalizer is stuck on flat settings) So, it seems that the more Amazon devices I buy, the more problems arise.  Part of this is just poor planning on Amazon's part and the unwillingness or inability to address issues.  Another part is that they are attempting to integrate too much into the Alexa app.  That app doesn't get many updates, so I've seen a large number of unresolved issues in the forums out there.I think it was a mistake to get into all of these Amazon devices since they don't appear to have the support available to resolve issues."	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality of this device is the real deal! For a stand alone speaker it sounds beautiful with rich mid-low to even a decent treble! It has okay performance with the low ranges but it certainly would benefit greatly from the echo sub pairing.The 3D audio is a really fun gimmick though it will never truly replace a true surround sound system because everyone's house/ room is going to be different and there are also so few options to really take advantage of the 3D audio anyways.The offline voice recognition and zigbee hub is absolutely great! I love being able to control my lights almost instantly without it having to access an online database.The major drawback that I have is I really wanted to connect my echo studio to my firestick 4k to take advantage of the Dolby Atmos Plus audio of both devices! This unfortunately cannot happen because the studio cannot handle streaming of video and streaming the audio at the same time. (yes, my internet is fine. everyother device in my house can handle streaming 4k) I tried everything and talked to representatives for over 6 cumulative hours trying to diagnose this. It handles streaming amazon music and streaming the album to the tv just fine, but video is where it falls apart. Amazon sent me a replacement device but it still was dropping audio literally every second. Like the packet for the other half of the audio was dropped in communications and so it clips in and out (But not stereoscopically so). This is a huge bummer for me because I really got this device to have a decent sounding wireless speaker to go with the TV but at this point I just wish I could hardwire the Studio to the Firestick 4k and still retain the Dolby Atmos Plus quality (Which you can't in a hardwire from the TV to the Studio, it just treats it like any other speaker).Overall, this speaker is great as a super Alexa device! If you're looking for a huge but excellent sounding Echo device for a room in your house and are not wanting to use it for streaming movie audio, this speaker is amazing! If you're hoping to make use of the Dolby Atmos Plus for your FireTV though, I'd say to save your money and look elsewhere.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"I have two Echo Studios working through a 4K Fire Stick in a Home Theater setup for my TV. Setup is challenging and by exactly following the steps I unknowingly lost the ability to control volume with the TV Remote, and was relegated to using voice commands only. Telling Alexa, or dyslexia as I prefer to call her, to Mute often resulted in her looking up a word that sounded like Mute. I don't have a speech impediment so it seems to me that words like Mute, Louder, or Softer should have been easily recognizable, but they're not always.Eventually, I figured out how to get control of volume back to the Remote, while trying to address other chronic problems with this setup, such as having the speakers sound like they're in a stadium with reverberation, or having no sound at all accompanying a program, or having sound in only one speaker. While the sound from these Studios is excellent, the glitches are nerve racking and always happen at the most inopportune times. Each failure requires restarting the Fire Stick, unplugging the speakers, etc. Often this results in no audio at all, so the process must be repeated. Telling Dyslexia to turn on Home Theater results in a ""Hymmm, I can't help you with that."" This is unacceptable since when playing music from your Amazon playlists, Alexa is told to play such and such from Home Theater, so it's clearly a recognizable term.Ultimately, I give these Echo Studios five stars for sound quality and two stars for reliable performance. While they work properly most of the time, the glitches are inexplicable. Settling down for a movie after dinner should not result in a wasted half hour of trouble shooting this neurotic sound system! It's inconceivable to me that Amazon can not do a better job with its products that are designed to work together. I thought about adding the Echo Subwoofer, but after reading the reviews which denote horrible setup problems, I decided against it. Amazon needs to get its firmware issues resolved because I'm sure I'm not alone with this love/hate relationship for this product."	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Constantly have to remove then reinstall home theater set up from app due to one or the other speakers not working. Problem goes back to 2021 and still no fix.	3	August 31, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I got this as a Christmas Present Dec 2021.  It worked flawlessly for 8 months.  I paid about 7.99 for my monthly service.  Then I upgraded to a yearly plan about a month ago. About a week ago while listening to my Playlist it started cutting out in the middle of a song.  It would just cut off..... skip songs... only play half of a song and then just stop.  I ran an internet speed test and my speed was great.  I called Amazon and did all the trouble shooting with the tech and they sent me out a new one.  The new one was actually a refurbished unit with its own set of problems along with my original problem.  Now since I had a working unit for 8 months I knew how Alexa was supposed to act.  Well this one was doing half white circles while I was asking it something. It was spinning blue and blinking red.  It was just acting weird, slow, lagy, and different. I was having issues with my Playlist only on my ECHO studio.... the Playlist worked fine on my phone and cpu via wifi.  After I called to complain about unit #2, I asked if this was a refurbished unit and was told yes.  The 2nd rep made me run more trouble shooting and ultimately blamed my internet.  He agreed to send out another one.  After hanging up the phone I called back to inquire if I was getting someone's refurbished unit or getting a new one and the representative said that it would be new. My Echo was able to play internet radio stations with no problem for hours but the Playlist was still a problem on the 2nd device.... until today.... today it decided that we could listen to the Playlist all the way through.  So later on today I get unit #3 and it's another refurbished unit.  So now I have 2 units that need to go back. I have already wasted so much time with this on the phone.  Now I have to spin the roulette wheel and see if I get a good rep on the phone.  I want a NEW unit or else my original unit reactivated.	1	August 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I had a third gen Echo for years that I never had problems with. This Studio is nothing but problems. I have it in the same place that I had my regular Echo, which is nowhere near walls or anything, and I have to yell at it at the top of my lungs to get it to turn off the lights even though my bed is about 10 ft away at most.It also doesn't understand me hardly at all, like today I said, ""Alexa, play the original motion picture soundtrack version of Evita"" and after trying to play the original Broadway cast recording three times and me telling it to stop, it just made the booping sound like it couldn't understand me now at all. The other day I was trying to get it to play the Rostropovich versions of the Bach cello suites, and it kept giving me the Yo Yo Ma versions. So if you want your device to play the music you want it to play, be aware that this one is not going to do it for you. These are just two instances of many where it hasn't played the correct thing, and I don't have some kind of heavy accent like those videos you see of Scottish people trying to give Alexa directions. I just have a regular old flat American Midwestern accent. It also can't hear anything apparently without being shouted at, as evidenced by the absolute frustration of me trying to get it to turn my lights on and off every day. The sound is really nice, but it's not worth it for the frustration. Do yourself a favor and look for the third generation Echo, because I was very happy with that and I'm very unhappy with this one and I'm going to unplug it and throw it out the window where it belongs."	3	August 11, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"It sounds OK. A Sonos or JBL Boombox blows it away. You need the sub with it. Then you have a problem if you want to use Bluetooth to stream to it. You can only connect to one device with Bluetooth and it won't talk to other devices. So for example, I purchased 2 Echo Studios and the Sub to go into a home gym.If I play music from an Alexa App such as Amazon Music, Apple Music, Spotify, etc. there is no issue. It sounds fine. If you want to stream music from a device it will only connect to and play on one of them. In my case, I set up a Peloton in this ""great Echo sound system"" only to find out that only one speaker will work. You can connect to only one and that one won't connect to any other Echos.If I instead use JBL Bluetooth speakers like 2 JBL Charge 4s, I can connect to one of them and they connect to each other so I'm doing that. The point is, you can't really stream Bluetooth to more than one Echo device and the technology obviously exists. 2 JBL Charge 4's will cost you a max of $280 total and they are portable and charge your devices. The Echo Studio will cost you $200 to $240 and not work for Bluetooth streaming and isn't portable. Not only that but the JBLs sound good without a Sub and you probably need to add the sub to the Echo Studio costing you another $200+.Bottom line, if you want to play music off Echo and Alexa services and apps then the Echo Show is their best-sounding solution. If you want to go outside of what you can get through Amazon's world, don't lock into an Amazon Echo.Full disclosure - I am giving this advice as a person who owns 2 Echo Studios, Echo Sub, 4 Echo Show 8s, 1 Echo Show 5, and numerous other smaller echo speakers. So I do like them, just not for the above usage which is HUGELY disappointing."	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sounds good when it works. Mine lasted under two years. Won’t connect to WiFi now, ie useless. For $200 I expected more quality. Now I have a $200 brick.	3	August 26, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Ok sounding unit.  Not sure it’s worth the price. I won’t attempt to listen in 3D or HD as I’m not going to want to spend the extra later.  Huge volume differences between services, but could be the service.  Seems to have to be turned up high to get decent sound.  In an apartment living room that’s about 17 feet long by 15 wide.  Alone it’s sound isn’t that loud (or great) Crazy thing that when linked with an echo dot 3rd gen, it fills room better (the studio on far end of room, the dot on the opposite end, studio at volume 5, dot volume 6). One of my peeves of this whole echo system is equalizer settings and volume settings come and go.I do hear some depth using tune in as my streaming service.  It’s better than the dot alone obviously,but without the dot, it seems a bit blah.  I understand the other reviews about it being kind of vocal lacking.I don’t plan on using it in a home theater type st up as I already have a bose sound bar I’m quite content with that sounds better than this unit.  Similar prices also.I do enjoy linking my five devices (studio, regular echo gen 3, and three dots around the apartment) for full apartment music.  Might be the only reason I keep the studio as I’m not that much of a fan.  It’s kind of well, unimpressive, but gives a little extra “oomph” to the whole bunch together.As far as Bluetooth, I find it painful to pair versus any other Bluetooth device.  I’ll probably only use it for streaming services and use my Bluetooth speakers for that purpose.  This applies to all my echos.I’ve never listened to a Sonos or the expensive Apple speaker, so I haven’t a clue what to compare it to.  I’ve been more impressed by Bluetooth speakers that I have when I first heard them.  I’ve had a few by the likes of bose, ue, and Soundcore.When it comes to speakers, the echo studio is ok.  I’ll keep it because of the alexa operation, but have heard better.  There’s not a huge “wow” factor for me.  Very surprised it’s not better claiming 330 watts.Kind of like finding an amazing pizza at my advancing age......	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The base is not that good without echo Sub. If you compare it with a HomePod, the winner is obvious HomePod. However, if you pair it with a echo Sub and a fire stick 4K max, the HomePod is totally destroyed.Anyone buying this, you should consider buying a echo sub+ a compatible fire device with it  to experience the unexperienced experience.Love it though. It’s a great setup.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Studio	The sound is better than my Sonos. However, the speakers are so frustrating it is impossible to enjoy. Cannot adjust volume individually for grouped speakers. I often have a speaker drop out while the other plays. I'm glad I didn't replace all my Sonos. Also tried two Studios with the sub woofer linked to TV - that, too, dropped out too frequently that I just disconnected. When it would drop out, we'd lose some audio before the TV speakers would kick in - often missing dialogue. I'd had Sonos for years, going to stick with Sonos and put the Echo Studios in locations where only one is needed and grouping isn't important (basement, garage).	2	November 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The speaker function is outstanding with absolutely great sound but unfortunately the software to make it work as a sound bar replacement isn't there yet. When connected with a mini-optical cable to a 2019 Samsung Series 8 TV, the behavior is almost possessed and I don't know if the issue is with the Echo Studio, the Samsung TV or both.Sometimes the sound is really great but then it will suddenly just quit completely. It won't work again until you disconnect and reconnect the cables. Searching online, this seems to be a fairly common issue.  Other times, the sound will suddenly become what I would describe as fuzzed or distorted.  Disconnect and reconnect and it will work fine again.My TV has a crap shoot of a time selecting the audio source when connected to the Echo Studio. Sometimes it works normally; select OPTICAL and it comes out the Echo Studio, select TV and it comes out of the TV speakers. Other times, it is coming out of the Echo Studio regardless of the source selected. Select OPTICAL and it comes out the Echo Studio, select TV and it comes out both the TV speakers and the Echo Studio (slightly delayed just to be more annoying.) If connected by Bluetooth, that seems to work with both the audio and the source selection but it defeats the purpose of using the optical cable for the best sound quality.Also, the only way to control the volume when connected with either the optical cable or Bluetooth is by using the hardware buttons on the Echo Studio. The Samsung TV doesn't recognize the Echo Studio as a known sound bar when connected to the optical cable and can't set up the remote; so no remote control of the volume. Even stranger, when connected via Bluetooth or optical, the voice commands via Alexa, while appearing to work, don't actually change the volume. When streaming music, the voice commands work perfectly. I don't know if the problem is the the TV or the Echo Studio but the two definitely don't play nicely together. I'm hoping that a software update by one or both will finally give me the sound bar I was hoping for.  I do love the sound as a speaker though. It is everything I was expecting.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"This has been an extremely frustrating device.  The sound quality is superb.  The dilemma is getting it to connect to your devices where you can enjoy that superb sound.  I have a fairly new Samsung Smart TV bought in 2020 (7 Series, 65 inch).  Most recent firmware / software updates on each.  On Bluetooth pairing the Samsung shows paired to Echo Studio, the Echo Studio will never truly pair to the TV.  You can Google the issue and many people have the same issue.  You can try using the Smartthings App and Alexa App instructions, still nothing.  So, you can then resort to trying to use the Aux In port on the back of the Echo Studio.  Out from the tv, into the Echo through Aux In.  Doesn't work.  Google ""Echo Studio aux in does not work"".. again, everyone has the same issue, no solutions that work.  Unfortunately I'm about to return this doorstop."	3	March 13, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"Update on 12/15/2020It's gotten worse. First, the reboots started happening more frequently: Now they're up to 2 to 3 times a day, including sometimes within 2 minutes of the previous reboot. And just yesterday something new started happening: My volume starts to either go up or go down on its own. I hear the ""beep beep"" as if I'm pressing on the volume up or down buttons, but no one's pressing anything.I've now unplugged it and am waiting for a replacement. It's on back order, so Amazon a month ago told me I'll have to wait until the end of the year for a new one.Original Review:I am... disappointed. First, the good: The sound is great, it fills the room very well and, as you expect, setup and folding it into the Alexa ecosystem is a breeze.But I certainly have a lot of criticisms. I'm using this as a speaker for my TV, and HERE is where it just falls down hard.So here are all my problems and complaints:1. When I use it as an Alexa home theater group for my 4K Fire Stick, it constantly disconnects when I pause my video. Even when it works, I lose maybe 10 seconds of sound before it reconnects. But when I pause video for ""too long"", it doesn't reconnect for... well, I've sometimes waited 30 seconds to a minute before giving up and having to re-do my home theater group. Once I redo my home theater group (basically, just editing the existing home theater group, unselecting and reselecting the Studio, and clicking save) then it seems to work. Until my next pause. This is hella frustrating.This happens A LOT. The long pause to reconnect happens almost each time, and having to redo my home theater group is maybe every other day. I can't help but compare to my Sonos speakers (in a different home) where I can't even tell it's on Wifi, it ""just works"".2. So, instead, I tried connecting to the TV directly with an audio cable because my thinking went: if it's directly connected, then maybe it won't do that pause and certainly maybe it won't drop completely. Nope, same thing. It's as if it's ignoring the direct connection and still using wifi for sound.3. Alright, so I switched to using an Apple TV instead of the Fire Stick. MUCH better: The reconnect time goes down to maybe a few seconds and it hasn't dropped at all. BUT now that I'm using Apple TV, I can't control the volume with my Fire Stick remote. So either I have to do it via voice or the physical buttons (what is this, the 80's?).4. Now it's definitely better (but it's frustrating that it works better when NOT using the Fire Stick!). But lastly, the wake functionality seems to be significantly over-sensitive. We're watching something, and maybe we make a sound or just move on the couch (not even words) and the Studio mutes the video sound and listening to a command from us. It's just tooo sensitive and interrupts our viewing a lot. I'd like to try to turn off the microphone while watching TV, but then I can't use voice to change the volume! Ugh!5. Finally, ever since I plugged it into the TV via a hardwire, it seems to reboot a lot. Like, two or 3 times a week. This is not good either.Yes, I've reset it, I've re-paired it, I've examined my network (I'm a tech person) and it all points to the Studio."	1	October 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I’ve become reliant on Alexa for a few basic things (controlling my lights, pausing the tv, keeping the grocery list, timers, etc) which it mostly does adequately though it has a tendency to completely drop the ball maybe 10% of the time. For instance, it’s terrible at pulling up music on Spotify.What I despise about it is the way Amazon has Alexa constantly chiming in to try to sell product - reminders to buy more of something, “fun holiday gifts” or other nonsense. There is no way to get it to stop with that bs. No amount of telling it “don’t ask me that again” is respected in any way. It’s incredibly insulting and a constant reminder that our only purpose in Amazon’s eyes is to consume.It also gets triggered by literally EVERY Alexa commercial on TV despite claims to the contrary.This device exists to encourage consumption first, then spy on us, then in some distant position, actually help our lives.	2	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This thing is a bit maddening. I can’t recommend purchasing. I have google home inside the house and it’s much better. Much more seamless. I have this set up in garage. After initial set up, because it does sound pretty good, I considered a second one to fill the entire garage. Glad I didn’t. I don’t trust the integration. The set up is easy. The use is not intuitive. If using through your Alexa app, it is ok. Trying to set up the room for things like Firestick, or using Bluetooth on your phone, it constantly has connection issues. In fact, the one thing I thought would be straightened out given this is an Amazon product, is seamless integration. I can get it to communicate with Fire Stick. However, you have to go through the entire set up EVERY time if you want to use it with FS. I just stopped and use my TV speakers. The whole reason I bought this was for Fire Stick usage. It’s garbage for that. Phone and device Bluetooth is more luck of the draw. Leaves you with only finding consistent success through the Alexa app and limits your connection to non Alexa Applications. Terrible software and integration system. Terrible. I’d pass. Buy Google Home. Never have an issue whatsoever w/ Google system.	3	November 7, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I bought the Echo Studio in early April along with a FireTV Cube so that I could have easy voice control over my TV, and good quality sound without spending an arm and leg on the sound quality (like with Bose, Sonos, or other highly rated soundbars with Alexa integrated). Setup was very easy as with other Echo products. But setup and pairing with the FireTV cube was a bit more complex and confusing - took a good 5 minutes. The Studio speaker is not listed in the FireTV soundbar options, only a generic Amazon soundbar. So I was concerned whether everything would work correctly. For the first few days, everything worked beautifully, just as I had expected.After using it for a few days with the FireTV, Cube we noticed that the audio would just cut out for a couple seconds in the middle of someone saying something on a show. Had to rewind so you could understand what was going on. It didn't seem to matter whether the show was on HBO Now, Netflix, or Amazon Prime. Very annoying. The frequency and amount of time the sound would cut out got worse the longer we used the speaker. To solve the problem, I had to reset the speaker and re-pair it with the Cube - not something you want to deal with in the middle of a show.I put up with this for another week or so, as it seemed to work OK for several days at time. Then when I was trying to reset/re-pair with the Cube, the speaker would say ""Sorry, the internet is not available right now"". That wasn't true because the Cube was connected over the same Wi-Fi router in the same room. For some reason, it would not recognize my Wi-Fi router. The only way to fix this was to unplug the speaker and start all over again. This happened a couple more times so I gave up and decided to return the speaker. FireTV Cube works great, but not with the Studio speaker. I'm going to break down and spend the extra cash on a Sonos soundbar."	3	May 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I purchased the Echo Studio expressly for the purpose of using it as a home theater speaker with my Fire TV Cube.  Unfortunately I’ve passed my 30 day return window, otherwise I’d be sending the Studio back. In my experience, it fails miserably as a home theater speaker, and if your considering purchasing the Studio for that purpose - look elsewhere.Setup of the speaker is just as easy as setting up any Echo device using the Alexa app.  The demo was encouraging because the sound quality right off the bat was impressive. Setting up a home theater system and paring the speaker with the Fire TV Cube was easy as well, but it was all down hill from there.  At first, there was a noticeable lip sync delay.  There is a section in the Fire TV audio settings to adjust for any delay, but it seemed that I had to make that adjustment at least once a day, sometimes multiple times after switching between apps like Netflix and Hulu.Starting about a week ago, we couldn’t any sound out of the Fire TV after turning it on. After a combination of rebooting the Cube and power cycling the Studio, we’d get sound, but the lip sync delay appeared even worse. Sometimes I’ve had to reset the network settings for the Studio in the Alexa app because it seemed like the Fire TV Cube couldn’t connect to the device, even though both were on the same wifi network.  Finally, today, after dealing with the connectivity issues once again, I deleted the home theater feature from Alexa and hooked my Fire TV Cube to a Sonos Beam.  Even though the sound isn’t as good (it’s still really good), the connectivity issues are gone.Since I’m past the return window, I may try to offload the Studio on eBay. Otherwise I’m stuck with a moderately expensive Echo device that will never get used again.	3	August 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This is my first impression of the new Amazon Alexa studio  I received two Amazon Alexa studios at 3 o’clock on November 7, 2019. I watched a lot of the reviews on YouTube and liked what I saw so I bought two of them so I can pair them in stereo. Upon getting them call Dan and set up I noticed that the sound was really good. The high fidelity and stereo separation is very noticeable and a great upgrade from the previous three Alexis that I had scattered around my open concept living room/ kitchen /dining room. On the good side they are very well-made and surprisingly heavy. On the downside I wish they were a lot louder, when they are on as loud as they can be I can easily speak over them without yelling. For $435 I thought they would be bangin’  A few features that you should now are that once you pair them in stereo mode they cannot be paired in a group with the other five Amazon echoes that I have in my house. It’s either the Eco Studios or my everywhere group. The big square transformer that is  plugged into the wall and all of the other Amazon echo devices is built into the unit on the studio device. You have a typical plug that plugs into the wall. So if that big square plug was an issue on your echo device before that will be gone with the echo studio.  In the first few hours of using the studio in the stereo configuration we Noticed that after about five minutes the music would just stop! I tried everything to figure out what was going on but there was no answers. I asked Alexa what happened and she replied I don’t know that one I went into the app to try to see what was going on and even when I pressed play again in the app it didn’t play and when I press pause it didn’t do anything either. Hopefully this will be taken care of in a software update.  I know it’s the first day for the unit release, so I’m going to give it a few more days and update my review.	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Update: Amazon limits the music that can be played on echo studio. If I ask my other echo devices to play a specific song by prof, they will play it. But if I ask echo  studio it will play a different song. My other echo devices will play his whole catalog, but my echo studio will play only one of his songs, then play other music. I have a music subscription through Amazon, so not sure why they do this, but is highly frustrating. I am dropping one star from rating for not being able to play the same music all my other echo devices will play on my studio that is specifically made to play music.I have echo devices in 5 rooms in my house for convenience and to listen to my amazon HD music subscription when cleaning, cooking or working around the house. I have two echo show 8's and a dot that with the small speaker size sound decent but are unable to produce any bass. They do not sound as good as my regular echo. I was looking for something that would have better sound and be able to produce a little more bass. Based on reviews I was also thinking that once I move my current 7.2  home theatre to the basement I could pair two echo studios together instead of using a soundbar on my living room tv.Due to the larger size the echo studio is able to produce more bass than the shows or  regular echo. I am still trying to adjust the mid and treble hoping to get the echo studio to sound better. But for the price I was not impressed. It produces more bass than a regular echo, but overall sound does not seem as good. Depending on how I adjust the mids and treble it tends to either sound muddled or shrill. The volume is decent, but you are unable to turn the volme all the way up without speakers distorting. Not sure if this is the speakers or if there is an amp built in producing thd. It also tends to create sweet spots in the room. You can walk around the room and find areas where the music sounds a little better than other areas. I purchased the higher level amazon music subscription for the 3D music but was not impressed with how it sounded on the echo studio. Maybe it is how I have it located in the room. There were not instructions with it, so havent figured out how to get it to re-analyze the acoustics of the room after you move the device to a new location without having to do a factory reset.Overall its not bad, but was not impressed with the sound or how it fills the room. I dont think I will purchase the second one to pair with this one and use in place of a soundbar for my tv. If I had it do over, I think I might try the sonos instead.  I will keep trying to tinker with the sound adjustments and room location to see if I can get it to sound better. I will update my review if it works.	2	April 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I've bought 2nd Echo Studio to make Stereo and Surround Sound but last only 2 Days that every time I have to Pairing after Wifi Router reset. The Echo Speaker functioning is not the issue but the Alexa App for Android is terrible to set it up easy. Also, once I connected the Audio Cable the Pairing is dismissed.I still didn't try to connect my Home Therter System using Sony TV with Bose Sound Touch 300 System yet that Amazon will push me to purchse the Amazon Fire TV Cube for sure.Pairing the Echo Studio is miserable and no fun at all.After many trials to pairing of the Two Echo Studio, I've replaced and relocated the Router center of the Echo Studio from other side of Room and It is now working as Pairing. As result, Echo Studio [Built-In Wireless Adapter] is performing very poor signals. The Router must be placed near to the each Echo Studio units to success Pairing and maintain the Pairing mode.Playing Amazon and Sportify (Favorite Songs) Music from my Computer to these Echo Studio is not possible unless via Alexa Command, I've installed 3.5mm Audio Stereo splitter from the Computer Audio output and using 3.5 mm Audio Cable to connect to both Echo Studio to play any music from the computer including YouTubes.The Result of using the Audio Cable is lot Clear and Better Sounding than via WIFI and much louder as well.I'm finally happy now enjoying with TWO Echo Studio with/without WIFI however, Amazon need to improve the BUILT-IN Wiress Adapter as well as Server Capacity. Also Highly recommend to Totally Upgrading Alexa App.I'll be studyed how I can make these two speakers with Bose SoundTouch 300 Speaker System and Sony TV for Home Theatre System without Fire TV Cube.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I don't want to draw this review out so I will just get to the point. My wife got me the Studio for Christmas because I wanted to use it in home as the central Sound system for the main area of the house as we have an open floor plan. This one speaker fills our whole upstairs with plenty of sound for us. The problem is that when I went to bluetooth it to my new Samsung Qled TV it pairs just fine but will not play the audio from my TV. I tried for hours to trouble shoot the problem unpairing and re-pairing, changing audio stream formats, even factory resets a couple times but nothing.We own Echo Dot(s), Echo Plus, Echo, Echo Tap, 2 4K Fire Sticks, and Fire Tv Cube. As a test, I paired one of our Echo Dots and the Echo Tap to this TV and it worked just fine.  So I gave up and called support. They informed me that this flagship $200.00 Echo Studio Speaker cannot be paired to a TV without the use of an Amazon Fire Stick/Fire Cube. That is just crazy to me. Why can I pair my $29.99 Echo Dot to my TV (Which no one would do) but not this $200 speaker? It took me literally half a day to reconfigure the devices around my house to get the Fire Cube into my living room and set up with the Studio. There is no reason for this, it says right on the box that it supports DOLBY ATMOS, so why do I need to pair it to a Fire product??? Anyways, I just wanted to write this review for anyone looking at this speaker to do what we are using it for and does not feel like dealing with the headache. If I did not already own a Fire Cube and I was not able to rearrange my setup to keep everything working pretty much the same at the end of the day I would have returned it and gave it a 2 star. Which is too bad because now that it's set up it's doing and sounding like what we wanted.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I had high hopes for this thing.  It was intended to replace an Echo Dot connected to a Bose Revolve+ speaker so I could take that out to the garage.  Took it out of the box and set it up beside the Dot combo.  Then, powering each separately, I gave them the same commands, and listened to the same music.  There wasn't a huge difference in sound, but I give the edge to the Bose.  The thing that made the Studio the loser was it's indifference to me.  It didn't listen very well.  I have a table fan at the opposite end of the breakfast bar.  The Echo Dot has always been able to discern my voice over it; the Studio mostly couldn't.  From across the room, I had to yell when there was no music playing; with music, it was a lost cause.  I listen about half and half to classic country and classical, including choral music.  The HD recorded classical music was unpleasant on the Studio with a distinctly separated high, mid, and low.  An orchestra should sound blended as one.  Did better on the Bose (turns out I may not be a fan of 3D recording vs stereo).  I probably still would have kept this for my country tunes were it not for the fact it doesn't listen.  Sent it back and am staying with the Dot-Bose combo.  Definitely not an upgrade for classical/choral music.	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I am supremely disappointed with the device I received.  I was skeptical about it as soon as it arrived and I saw how it was packaged.  It was in it's box from the maufacturer and then, in true Amazon fashion, it was packed in a box 3x the size required with 1 sheet of kraft paper as 'padding'.  So, it basically bounced around until it arrived.  I guess I should be happy it works at all?It does not arrive with the needed optical cable to connect it to the television.  I had to buy an adapter to make the one I have fit.I notice about once every 4 or 5 days sound will stop coming out of it completely.  Not while I'm using it, but in the morning, first thing.  I have to pull power from it for 10 seconds and repower.  It will work again for 4 or 5 days and this must be repeated.  This is for audio from the TV, I have not tried to play music through it before pulling power.  I will try to remember that first thing in the morning when all I really want is coffee and the weather report....Another thing I just noticed today.  While playing music it will randomly drop to volume '0'.  Every 10 or 15 minutes.  With the music 'Everywhere' option I notice none of my other Echo devices (Echos or dots) will do that.  They keep playing.... because that is what they've been asked to do....  Not the Studio.  Just decides, mid-song, that it is done.  I have to turn it back up.For the price, it sounds good.  This is not top quality, but I was not expecting that.  It is good for the price.It also DOES do the things.  Controls lights, runs skills, and everything you'd expect it to, but it just seems to 'get tired' and needs a poke to get going again.	3	April 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"VERY directional, monaural sound. A stereo setup with two regular Echos and a sub sounds better and more immersive. About the only two things this does better is that it has great bass by itself and gets really loud without distortions. Other than that, though, it fails at even functioning as a regular Echo. The SEVEN microphones it has don't pick up your voice unless you're practically yelling, even when no music is playing. On top of that, this Echo has an annoying tendency to just stop listening while you're speaking. If I wanted to be blatantly ignored like that, I would've just stayed with my ex. Then there's the constant music playback issues. A typical interaction with this device goes something as follows:Me: ""Alexa, play some music""Alexa: ""Here's a station you might like: My Soundtrack""* plays nothing *- OR -* plays one song, then nothing else *- OR -* cuts off the end of EVERY song it plays *- OR -* plays some music, then abruptly stops *Bottom line: this ain't it. Spend the money on a better setup."	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This is an ok to potentially great speaker. I use it with a fire stick. Sound quality listening to music is just ok in my opinion and didn’t blow me away as I was hoping. Where it goes from ok to great is the Dolby atmos. I accidentally turned on the speaker’s demo once and I kid you not I thought I was losing my mind. The sounds I was hearing (I think birds) sounded like they were coming from somewhere else in my house. The sounds felt like they were real and not over a speaker. My dog who does not react to artificial sounds like dogs barking on tv and other trigger sounds, was so confused. He kept walking around and running to different parts of the room... he too thought the sounds were real and was trying to find what was making them, but he never went over to the actual speaker. The issue I have with the Dolby atmos is, after searching for content to play on prime video the sound was underwhelming. In actual viewable media it wasn’t as awesome as its demo which means that the demo was specifically tuned for the device or producers are doing a poor job implementing Dolby atmos into their shows.As a side note, the studio is slower to respond than my echo. Sometimes (twice now, in 2 or 3 weeks, but I watch tv maybe 4 times a week max) the sound stops or the speaker wakes up when I say “Alexa” but then doesn’t respond to commands. A few mins go by and then it starts to work again. So it can be quite buggy.	3	April 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I purchased a 55” FireTV edition TV to replace an older TV and a FireTV cube in my bedroom. The downside to getting rid of the cube was we had to turn the TV on and use the remote to control our lights abs smart home. The sound of the TV was ok so I purchased two Studios, one for each side of the bed to improve the sound experience and resolve the need to turn on the TV to do smart room commands. It was a little overkill but what the heck.I received both studios, fired them up and followed the instructions only to find out they don’t pair in theater mode to my new TV.After some playing around and calling Amazon they told me just to add a cheap Firestick it pair them with. I already have a FireTV, I bought it to free up space and get rid of the cube. Well the cube is back.With the cube everything paired correctly. The sound is ok, not as amazing and immersive as some would say.I have these a lower rating for the following reasons.Don’t pair to devices outside of the fire tv stick and cube family together. Yes you can use Tv’s Bluetooth but only for one and not two.They haven’t figured out that syncing multiple Alexa devices in the same room would be helpful, especially now that I have three voice activated devices. They get confused easily so I have to mute the two studios.So essentially I paid over $350 to buy two wireless speakers. A sound bar and a 29 dot would have been sharper and I still may return the studios.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is terrible, and the sub didn’t help. No amount of adjusting the equalization will help. Pairing it with other speakers (Dot, Show, other) is a nightmare, best you can do is get the music to play on all speakers, which is not the same at all. If you are buying this for better sound quality than the Dot, it’s louder and marginally better at best. You’re better off spending the same amount on other speakers that will pair with a Dot.Voice recognition is a complete joke. She understands me and my partner only half the time.Save hundreds and get the Dot to turn on your lights. Forget this pile of garbage.	2	October 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"After much anticipation I received my Echo Studio today!! I immediately opened the box and was like a kid at Christmas!! I immediately set it up and moved on to part two, pairing it to my Fire Cube, or so I thought. What seemed, and for all intents and purposes should have been, a simple process required a phone call to tech support. The technician was very helpful and after 10 to 15 minutes had me up and running YYYYAAAAAAYYYYY!!!! And then my elation turned to utter disappointment. The only means of adjusting the volume is by the traditional, Alexa Volume Up, Alexa Volume down. There is no way to control the volume by your TV remote or even a Fire Cube/Stick remote. Who wants to yell out ""Alexa"" while watching a program. How inconvenient, how disappointing, such a shame. This product could be 10 Stars out of 5, but now is just another 3.5 star very good speaker. And it is that, honestly, it is an excellent speaker for everything other than a sound source as a home theater.UPDATE>>>>>>>>>>>>While I agree that the Studio is an excellent speaker, it is useless either alone or with a paired Studio as a surround system for your Firestick or Fire Cube.  There is not enough bass, at all, and it appears that Amazon has discontinued the production of the Echo Sub Woofer, which would have made this a DYNAMIC paring and very easy to use.I have two, and bought them for this exact reason after watching multiple videos on the setup, the sound and the reviews, only to find that Amazon will not producing the Sub any longer.  Now I have two Echo's on steroids that are just for music, and the usual Alexa stuff.  BOOOOOOORING.  I have spent hours researching for a compatible sub and there isn't one and I can't get Amazon to give me any idea if and or when they may ever produce another, or allow an off brand the permission to develop one.Oh, and the volume control was fixed by upgrading the remote.  That works perfectly.  Not enough for another star, but definitely worth letting everyone know"	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Studio	we use it strickly for music. It now quits playing at times & starts playing again in about 5 seconds.	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo Studio	For the first 6 months the studio worked amazing.  I was able to pair it with my two echo dots and have a great home theater set up. Then out of no where it became incompatible with the dot speakers and the sound wouldn’t connect and I had to unplug it and reset it that way weekly.Now after more time has passed I have to constantly do a hard reset and reprogram it with my Alexa as the sound randomly stops working and won’t connect. I have to reprogram it 2-3 times a month now. With only a one year warranty I’m now screwed because it’s expired and it doesn’t function properly.The amount of time I spend and frustration is not worth the cost. Plus the Alexa voice controls cause issues and don’t work properly 80% of the time. I had to turn that functionality off.	2	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Imagine searching for your favorite song, it starts playing, and it's a different recording. It sounds off and not nearly as good. That is 3D music on the Studio in a nutshell.I consider myself an ""amateur audiophile"" if that makes sense. I listen for subtle differences in the quality of same source music being played on different devices. To me the Alexa Studio is just another speaker. I do not find that it excels at anything. I have Amazon's HD Music and I found the 3D audio to be odd. It almost seemed to degrade overall sound quality in trade-off  for trying to wow you with sound split between all its speakers. I tried it in several rooms with 3D songs from Amazon and at no point did I feel like the sound was around me. I had my wife walk me into the room blind folded after she randomly placed the Studio and had a 3D song playing. I turned in a circle several times and was able to point directly at the Studios location. To me that says it all. It makes sense really. You take a surround sound system calibration. It uses a mic placed at thr listeners location. It tests each speaker multiple times. The Studio uses its own mics, which are obviously not at the listeners location. At best it will be able to adjust sound for the acoustics of the room but its not going to be able to magically configure 3D sound. Also after initial calibration, it seamlessly calibrates itself when it is moved from room to room.Dont get me wrong. The speaker sounds good, especially when listening to HD and Ultra HD, but this 3D audio is a gimmick."	3	October 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The speaker is better but far from high fidelity quality.  Actually I think my Mac has better sound quality. I purchased it to take advantage of Amazon Music UHD and HD music.  I find the integration of various devices with Amazon Music very frustrating.  There is no casting from Mac to Echo Studio.  It is possible to cast from iPad to Echo Studio.  I am amazed that I can read the exact playlist or album off the screen on my Mac to Alexa and it does not find the same music.  It does however tell me I can find it on Spotify.  So while my frustration is mostly with Amazon Music, I am not sure Echo Studio is worth the money.	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"I bought 2 Amazon Echo Studio devices to be the Alexa Home Theater for my Amazon Fire TV Omni 65"" and the audio drops several times a day. I'm constantly having to go back and setup the Echo Studio devices as the Alexa Home Theater for the Amazon FireTV Omni. Each and every single day the Amazon devices stop delivering audio and you have to go through the setup process again to make them work. The combination of Echo Studio devices paired with FireTV Omni 65"" is horrible and the worst decision this veteran has made. What was I thinking when I assumed Amazon devices would work well together. They barely work and you have to set them up again and again and again and again and again to get them to work together."	2	September 9, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I missed the deadline to return this and I’m kicking myself for being stuck with it.It sounds ‘canned’. For the most part, especially in my living room, the music sounds awful. Too much bass. Muddy vocals.I absolutely abhor listening to it. Unfortunately it’s all I have, for now, but I’ve had Bluetooth speakers sound better at 1/2 the price and size.What I absolutely detest is that it has a hard time hearing my voice commands. Audio playing or not, it’s slow to respond and that’s typically after repeating its own name over and over.And Alexa is quite cheeky lately. It’s infuriating that she responds with random advertisement commentary during private conversations.In addition, if the music is loud so is Alexa’s prompt sound and vocal replies. Couple that with its poor microphones and I cannot tell you how many times I unplugged the thing after playing Coldplay when asked for Courtney Barnett.“It sounds like you’re discussing breakfast cereal. Can I add that to your cart.”“Shaddap”Sorry Amazon, but this is best for propping open a door. I can’t imagine buying this ever again.Amazon? Come pick this up as it’s just taking up space.	1	November 10, 2022	0
Echo Studio	We couldnot get it to play the smat tv through all 3 speakers for surround sound and we had to go on the tv to switch it to hear the sound out of the speaker, alexa woud not just play the sound when asked. She just kept saying unable to to that. Do you want Smartcast?	2	November 8, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I use Bluetooth to play audio (music, podcasts, etc) from my laptop, and audio from my TV (Netflix, YouTube, etc). I don't want a bunch of cords connected to speakers to do this - especially not to my laptop. (Moving your laptop when it's connected by a wire to your home audio system is potentially dangerous.) The Echo Studio doesn't work well for the Bluetooth case. The problems:(1) If you have two Echo Studios and want to use them in stereo, you can play Amazon music or Pandora via the Alexa app. But if you want to play audio via Bluetooth it doesn't work. It will only play out of one Echo Studio. This means streaming music off my laptop or playing Netflix/YouTube with bluetooth audio doesn't work in stereo.(2) Whenever you use bluetooth audio with a video (Netflix, YouTube, etc), there's a visible audio-lag. People's mouths don't line up with their words. This works fine with my old bluetooth speakers, though, so it's obviously not a problem with bluetooth in general. It's a problem with the Echo Studio speakers.(3) When I was looking at the the Echo Studio, I saw that it can connect to bluetooth speakers. I was hoping that I could add my existing bluetooth speakers to my home surround-sound system. In other words: 2 Echo Studios + 2 existing bluetooth speakers = 4 working speakers for music all over my home. No luck with that. When you connect an Echo Studio to bluetooth speakers, it doesn't play out of it's own speaker. The end result is that, even though I have 4 speakers, I can only use 1 or 2 speakers at any one time because Echo Studio can't handle that case.I will say that the Echo Studio does sound very good, and if you only want one Echo Studio (i.e. you don't want stereo coverage) or you only want to play music using their Alexa app (i.e. stream Amazon music, Pandora, Spotify, or some other music-streaming service), then it works perfectly well. Be warned, though, that Amazon music requires that you pay a monthly subscription fee - either for Amazon Music Unlimited or Amazon Prime. The whole thing seems like a pretty narrow use-case, and not really aligned with what many people want from their home audio system. A lot of times, it feels like speaker manufacturers are using their speakers as a way to keep customers inside their little walled gardens that require monthly subscription fees.	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I ordered a pair of these speakers and a Fire 4K TV stick for my upstairs TV. And everything you've heard about the sound quality of these speakers is true. Once all three items were paired in the Alexa app the sound was terrific!The problem is that it is only available using the Fire 4K TV stick. I knew that going in, but I didn't realize how limited the Fire 4K TV stick was. It doesn't work well with some of my preferred apps, for example in fast forwarding content it just gets stuck. At the time of this writing some apps like HBO Max simply aren't available.Why am I docking the speakers for limitations of the Fire stick? Because Amazon should have greater support for them outside of its own products. I have several other streamers available to me like the Nvidia Shield that work well with my preferred streaming apps, but there's no way to get the Studio's great sound with them. Sure, you can pair with the streamers via Bluetooth, but only one speaker. The sound is muted and tinny, not any better than my TV's own speakers.It's been a year since the Studio has been out, if Amazon was going to support it with other streamers it would have by now, or at least make the Fire stick work better with apps. This is critical and I may wind up returning the Studios. Right now the only way to get decent sound with all my streaming devices is to use the Studios with the Fire stick and my soundbar with everything else. It's not a good choice.	3	June 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Similar to many others, we have Echos strewn throughout the house and in the living room we added the Echo Studio to the existing Fire Cube TV and Echo Dot. Originally, sound for the Fire Cube TV went through the TV via HDMI to a set of speakers. The Echo Dot was connected to a different set of speakers. I thought I could use the Echo Studio to completely replace the speakers needed. Overall, it did not work out as great as planned because of how the Echo Studio handles the 3.5mm input. It needs a certain volume level to keep it on. Frustrating when watching a program/movie and there is a quiet part and next thing you know is you missed the previous dialogue. Just plain frustrating! I'll go through my observations:Sound was full and good enough for us and since that is subjective (know many audiophiles), it gets 5 stars. Tastes may vary.Integration with Fire Cube TV was painful, but figured it out. Instructions/documentation was useless. We have a smart home with over 20 various smart devices (echoes, cameras, lights, etc.) and all successfully connect via Alexa, so I am well-versed in setting up devices in our environment. This was painful.As I mentioned, I wanted to replace the external speakers and have multiple inputs into the TV, not just the Fire Cube TV. I thought the Echo Studio could be that solution for an echo device and a single speaker output for any media on the TV. With the 3.5mm,/TOS jack, it can, but with that one issue of if the volume level dips down too low, the Echo Studio just stops.We also have the Echo Connect for our phones and whenever a call came in, we'd lose audio. For that we turn off the ""incoming Call Ringer"" under ""Sounds"" in the Alexa app for this device and many others. I have contemplated just turning on ""Do Not Disturb"" and mute this since it seems that anything that turns on the Echo Studio will interrupt the media coming from the TV.It seems the only solution when watching media on the TV is to keep the volume up on the TV very high and manage the volume from the Echo Studio, which requires us to get up and change it. Since we are muting it, we can remote from a device, but that is too cumbersome; it's easier to just get up.The Amazon devices in the living room are now only the Fire Cube TV and Echo Studio. Overall, it works, but that constant managing volume levels is so frustrating since at times we are watching live TV and not able to rewind 10-15 seconds. 2 stars."	2	March 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is the worst purchase of an Echo speaker that I have made. I purchased this because I heard a demo at a conference and it sounded great. Of course the was in a empty square room. Once in a real world living room setup without perfect conditions, it just sounds decent. It does not give a surround sound experience. It does sound better than TV speakers, but not anywhere close to an actual surround sound setup.This leads into the next topic, integration with a fire TV unit. This is horrendous. It constantly disconnects from the home theatre group. On a near weekly basis. The I have to spend 20-30 minutes trying to delete the group and then remake the group. And every time this happens there are sync issues. It is a real pain and always happens at the worst times. I originally thought it was my fire tv device that may be too old causing the problems, but I just bought a brand new 4k Fire TV stick, and same problems. After the original purchase I spent about 4 months on weekly calls to tech support. No longer returnable after all that time. Then they just stopped calling me back. Guess they gave up on it too. Don't know if this is a known issue or if it is just my device, but you would think that Amazon products should be able to integrate with other amazon products. I does seem like it's what they are made to do.Alas, I am left with an expensive speaker that I can use if I have 20-30 minutes to kill beforehand in frustration.My recommendation, for the money get a real surround system.	2	January 13, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I was able to hook up Amazon studio along with the Amazon sub woofer and the sound is quite nice but I find sometimes that the echo studio sometimes stops playing music and I know this because the woofer keeps providing the bass. This can be remedied by unplugging and plugging back in but it makes me a little nervous because this is never happened to any of my Amazon echoes before maybe it is a software glitch and I’m not sure if it can be updated.  I am beyond returning since the packaging and time frame has passed.	3	April 20, 2022	1
Echo Studio	As a stand alone unit, this thing is great. Awesome sound, just enough bass and crisp highs. Does everything all the other Echos do as far as Alexa goes. Where the problems come in at, is when you try using it as a home theater for your tv. I have never yelled so much at a tv before in my life. I was using a Bose Cinemate 15 for a few years. It worked great, sounded good and paired nice with my Harmony remote. When the Echo Studio came out with the Home Theater feature, I swapped out my Bose and added the Echo Studio and paired it with my Fire 4k stick and the Echo Sub. Right from the start nothing worked as it should. I could hear the sub, but nothing coming out from the studio. It played a “home theater test video” and all I could hear was the sub and the video was in slow motion. After unpairing and repairing everything a couple times, it finally worked...for a couple days. I stream my tv from YouTube tv and if you fast forward, pause, rewind any video the lip sync is way off. I went into the settings and tried the lip sync adjustments. It worked until the bedtime you fast forward, rewind ect. Then you would have to do it all over again or restart the fire tv. Lately the volume has been going up and down on its own. The remote is super laggy sometimes for the volume adjustment. I have tried moving my wifi router closer and farther with no effect. All my devices say they have excellent wifi signal.  It seems like it takes me about 15-20 mins of troubleshooting to finally be able to watch tv every time I want to watch tv. I finally had enough with it and hooked up my Bose Cinemate 15 and got rid of the Echo Studio. As far as the Studio playing music, it sounds great and functions as it should. If you plan on using it for your home theater, stay far away from this thing. I can’t say if it’s a problem with the studio itself or all echos that have the home theater option because I’ve only tried it with the studio and a echo sub. Maybe it works fine all by itself, but once paired with another echo device I had nothing but problems.	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Got mine in Jan 2020.  Sound quality is fine with the product when it works.  I had a sound bar on my tv but switched to this.  I run the audio out from my tv to this and the audio line in frequently quits responding for no reason.  I have to either reboot the unit or try switching settings on the tv to get it to respond again.  Had it paired with an Amazon Remote and it frequently looses pairing and has to be re-paired to unit.  Unit also randomly stops responding to voice commands and must be rebooted.  It acts up frequently enough that I had to install a Alexa enabled switch on the power cord so I could reboot it without having to get up and plug and unplug it.I have many other Echo devices and this one is the only one I've had this much problems with.  When it is working, it is fine - responds well, good sound quality etc... Just wish it wouldn't need to be rebooted on a regular basis to clear up non-responsiveness and audio line in drop outs.If just using as an Echo device it might be ok but I don't recommend it for using as a sound bar alternative with your tv.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Alexa used to work great. I would tell her reminders for my medicines, plans, games.She would read my Chirp Audio books for hours while I accomplished many tasks.She would play music I requested ... with just a few mix-ups.Those were the good old days.For the last few weeks, Alexa has decided to control what to do. I ask her to set a timer ... she plays random music I have never heard before. I ask for one song to be played and she plays a different song.I asked for a Chirp audio book and got a lengthy NPR report. Often now, when I ask for my current Chirp book to be played, she will play a different book.One time I heard a man's voice coming from my great room. I crept closer and found my Alexa Studio had decided to read a Chirp book in there, even though I had not been in that room that day, nor had I listened to any Chirp books that day. By determining the place in the book the narrator had gotten to, I was able to determine that the book reading had started about ten minutes before I came downstairs for the day.Today I asked Alexa for the time. Instead of the unit next to me responding, the one downstairs responded... and I was too far away to hear the answer.A timer went off. I told her to stop. It took several minutes repeating the command to get her to turn off the alarm. Sometimes loud works, sometimes a whisper is best.Now when I asked her to add time to my timer, she listens as well as a doorknob....not at all, despite many repeated requests.I told her she put me into a negative mood. She gave me a very very long monologue on what to do with negative influences. She would not stop until she was finished, no matter how many times I told her to stop. (Which had always worked until last month.) I then told her I have feedback. Instead of putting me into feedback mode, she played an extremely loud and abrasive song on Spotify. She would not turn off. I told her two dozen times to stop, at increasing loudnesses. I finally got her to stop by turning her off... and that is the way she will stay.After all, Alexa told me to get rid of the negative influences in my life.My throat now hurts from yelling at Alexa to stop.All my units cooperate less now, but the studio is by far the worst. And the studio is only two feet from me.Time to get an ice cream bar to hopefully sooth my throat.I hope the neighbors couldn't hear me yelling at Alexa.	1	May 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Great sound with amazon music, do not expect it to work for home theater.  Currently running 8 or so fire tvs, works with none of them wirelessly. No HDMI arc, TOS does not sync with tvs so it looks dubbed. This and  sub are now just for music. I bought a Bose soundbar and was running flawlessly in 5 minutes. Amazon needs to work on their planned obsolescence and support their devices with updates.	2	October 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	As the title states, I took off 3 stars purely on the sound quality. I have owned MANY different echo devices and based on my experiences with the 3rd and 4th gen echo, I thought the studio would sound even better... However, I was sorely disappointed. I put this one in the same spot I had my 4th get echo and the sound quality was noticeable worse. I went through a break in period and It just didn't get any better. The Highs and mids were acceptable but the bass was sub par. Plus, I had to turn it much higher(at least according to the lights on the top) then the others to achieve the same output. What gives amazon? How is this much more expensive and sound quality focused device WORSE than the normal echo? I really wanted to love this but it was just a big let down. Shame	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Studio	My take on this is just about every good songs you have to pay for. Also the alarm features are limited,  can't wake to a specific song only to a station. For the money spent I was expecting more quality free stuff and I  had purchased this one and 2 additional one. I am back listening to my regular stereo player.	2	October 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Sound is not a notable upgrade over a standard echo plus, despite the price difference.  Would not even be that great of an issue, except for the sound latency when watching it with TV, video games, or anything else with a live feed.You know that awkward feeling you get when you are watching a foreign show, and your constantly seeing their lips say something, but are hearing something completely different?  If you can get used to that without any issues, than this will not be a major setback for you.  If it bothers you, or you are a competitive gamer who uses every advantage you can, including the sound of the environment, then you will lose that advantage here as well, as you will be anywhere from a slip second to a full second behind what is actually going on.NOTE  This occurs for me with both an inferior bluetooth connection, of which I would say that this is even understandable, as well as amazon's own personal specialized cord that they devise specifically for this device.  Having a direct line from the device to your tv or computer and still having a notable sound latency is NOT acceptableWorst part about this, I have spent several hours trying to comb through forums and other resources to find out what people have done to try to fix this issue.  Amazon responses have been basic trouble shooting that does not solve the issue, and eventually to ""escalate"" the problem to their technical team, after which no one seems to get a reply or fix back.  This issue spans over several years with no fix found, or at the very least, found by me.If these issues won't bother you, and you are dead set on purchasing a more expensive echo device, than this might be one for you.  If you value your money and your time, buy a different sound setup for yourself.  If you are dead set on an echo device, I would suggest the Echo Plus, as it sounds perfectly acceptable for its price point and has all the goodies of an alexa device"	2	April 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Was expecting much better sounds	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Sounds good but not great	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Studio	So far, it is not working the way I want at all 1 chat that took almost an hour has not resolved the issue. I need plug and play to be happy. The sound is really good but I want it to work with a subwoofer that I have and it is either or. I cannot get both to work at the same. Yesterday after a support chat that did not resolve this, I unplugged the Studio and put the original Echo back in and it works much better. So I need to continue the chat within 24 hours or start over and I do not know if I will have time yet today.	3	February 25, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Ironically, will not function properly with my Amazon Music HD paid subscription.  I successfully paired two Echo Studio speakers and an Echo Subwoofer to my 400mbps/second cable wifi network.  When playing music, the songs would stop playing up to once every thirty seconds then begin playing again after about ten seconds (like the echos were buffering my music).Additionally, every other to every fourth song would play the entire cut at a very low, almost inaudible volume then play the next few cuts normally then repeat playing another full song at low volumes.I troubleshoot the problem using every suggestion my extensive research found (unplugged and replugged the hardware, reset all three devices to factory default, insured all three devices had the exact same setting on the Alexa App, disconnected all three devices from my account then reconnected, insured all three devices were using the same 5 or 2.4 bandwidth by disabling one or the other from my wifi modem, did a speed test at the location of my devices, grouped the paired devices on the Alexa App and un-grouped them, etc…).Amazon’s help service was exceptionally unhelpful.  The chat service was a joke.  The telephone service after two days and four calls eventually opened a repair ticket and admitted that their engineers were working on a solution to a known problem like the one I was experiencing (Case ID: P51661713).  Once I had a repair ticket open, a tech insured me she would contact me when an update was available which ‘should resolve my issues’.  As an Amazon Prime member, I had a month to return my echo devices and in that time frame Amazon engineers were unable to get my devices working even after a new update had been installed on all three devices.  I have yet to hear back from Amazon customer service.  I was so dissatisfied and frustrated of listening to my paid Amazon HD Music service under substandard conditions that I returned the Studio and Sub for a refund and am likely to cancel my Amazon HD subscription.Oh, and as a paired set, your studios will not be able to connect to blue tooth.My attempt to find a voice control solution to a reasonable sounding three speaker system has been a flop.  I looked at the Sonos speakers as an alternative but not only are the set of three speakers outrageously expensive but my research reflected that customers complained that they loose technical support and updates after about five years… no thanks Sonos:Thank you anyway Amazon.	1	September 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Update: After what feel is unnecessary investigations online, and turning off the awful stereo spatial audio setting which is on by default, the quality and lost layers issue was resolved and general music sounded much better - and at a lower volume - making Alexa’s quiet voice less of an issue. However this hits the 3D audio files a bit as they sounded, less ideal than they would have otherwise. I’m not going to bounce in and out of the app for this setting. Also there's no way this setting should be on by default with it in the state it is currently in. Inexcusable to not screen all formats/genres of music before pushing out a device with a feature that is not advertised.Alexa’s voice on this device, however (as well as comms) is still far too low. We still need the ability to set these independently from one another if there is going to be these kinds of balancing issues depending on the device type. Was going to provide a slight bump to the score, but this is still bothersome however that using as a basic Alexa device is hamstrung by the audio mixing. A good quality for the $ speaker that is just seemingly going to waste.——I gave this a full on shot, tried various music types and the lot, and with many of the non-classical and traditional rock tracks, such as pop and electronic music, a lot of layers, elements, and specifically - vocals - were drowned out by the “rest” of the music. This even occurred in the 3D branded tracks, in where undoubtedly the vocal layer is far too squashed. It sounds great, it’s just uneven. Even Alexa’s voice itself is shockingly way too low compared to the music, and any call to another Echo device, is barely audible unless cranked up. If you have any intention of buying this as an Alexa speaker with improved audio - do consider the unbalanced nature of the audio itself. Overall this product is a disappointment. I also do not own a Fire TV Cube so I will never have the ambition to get a second for Dolby Atmos, unless it’s more broadly supported (which it is not).Maybe an update fixes it, I’ve received a few already, still have the balancing issues even when tinkering and putting it in a super ideal spot. I just can’t unhear the flaws.	2	July 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought 2 of these to set up a theater system.  Set up individually, they work AMAZING.  The sound is great and as a stand alone smart speaker, it is the best of the ones I own (Echo 1G, Dot 1G and 2G, Show 1G and Show 5).The problem I have is that the connection between the speaker and my 1G Cube breaks constantly and I have to do a reset ever 2-3 days.  TechAssist say that it is because it is switching back and forth between my 2.4 and 5.0 networks even though I have the networks set up separately.  Never once during set up did I ever see them connected to my 2.4 network.  Tech filed a ticket, but I don't know how much that will do.After multiple resets and set ups, eventually they do set up and work.  Usually it takes about 20 minutes and 3-4 cycles for it to work.  But I have to ask myself if it is worth spending the time to set the whole thing up over and over.  Sometimes I only have time to watch a movie... and after doing the set up I don't have time to watch it anymore....  which is annoying since that is the very reason I bought them.If the situation improves I will update the post.  If not, I will be returning both speakers.  You have until mid-May, Amazon.  Please fix this.It has been 3 weeks since my original post and things have gotten worse.  Now my media player which I purchased from the Amazon App store which has worked flawlessly is now out of sync with the Studio speakers... when they work.  They seem to work fine watching YouTube or short shows on Netflix or Hulu.  But as soon as I settle in to watch an action movie where you really want that big sound....  NOTHING.I'm tired of waiting for it to get fixed and I'm tired of each tech just having me run through the same thing that the previous ones already had.  My issue apparently got escalated... but I can't tell since the tech that was supposedly going to call me back NEVER did.  Normally I don't put blame for my dissatisfaction on Amazon, but this time it is your product.  Loved it when it worked....  but doesn't work enough.Boxing it up and returning them both tomorrow.	2	April 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Trying to set up home theatre with my fire tv, echo studio, and echo sub is a pain. When I finally get it to work it works fine for a few days. Then something will happen and the tv won’t play from the studio. Trying to get them reconnected is not straight forward. I’m honestly very upset with this “smart” product. It’s garbage. The sound can’t handle certain volumes and frequencies and it’s an absolute nightmare trying to connect it to stuff. Its not worth the money.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Ehh. It’s really not that great for the price. I could take it or leave it. Terrible voice recognition, it was better with my echo dot. And the sound isn’t as good as they claim it to be, better bass yes, but still sounds kind of thin compared to other devices.	3	June 6, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I bought these after reading about the Alexa Home theater (search youtube) using these and a fire tv cube.  From the standpoint of just being single speakers they sound decent.  However, I dont believe decent enough to be worth their price point.  I got two of them and have them paired to have 3d mode and have Dolby atmos.  The 3d music is cool but can only be done with a handful of amazon tracks.  The Atmos for movies and tv is okay (not amazing) and again it only works with certain media through certain apps.  Otherwise they are connected speakers.  I had a couple of bookshelf speakers attached before that I think did just as well.  Getting the home theater through Alexa setup was a chore.  I work in tech and have done home theater for a while and I gave up. My wife ended up figuring out after re-doing it countless times. I also wish I could get audio input through something other than wifi.  When we swich inputs on our tv we have no connected audio (more a fire tv issue) but worth noting.They are nice because everything is connected through alexa, but for a premium speaker they aren't amazing and the setup was just Alright.  That song above is recorded through my iphone 12 (mini) and that is one of Amazon's HD tracks. (for reference). I have run FLAC files through it via plex on my fire cube and the sound was about the same."	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	We purchased the Echo Studio and sub together.First issue, if you play through the Studio speaker by itself it sounds good. Expected much more considering we used to a 2nd gen Echo. The bigger issue is when you connect the sub it seems the sound out of the studio speaker has a crossover function kick in. When this happens you lose the fullness out of the studio speaker, all of the lower end sounds come out of just the sub. If the studio continued to play the full sound with the sub added it the two speaker combined would sound really really good. When contacting Amazon about this, they say to use the sound control functions in the app. This is a function you cannot control. I’ve been a critic of quality sound for many years, my opinion buying the sub was a complete waste. The only reason for giving 2 stars for sound quality is the single studio unit sounds decent by itself, key word - decent(far from great, and that’s comparing it to the 2nd gen echo, slight step up)Next, a whole list of issues;- The unit often gets stuck playing the same song over and over.- Normal voice commands don’t work, our original Echo works fine with all voice commands or questions. This unit seems to not understand even the simple commands or interaction. It’s so bad we feel like this is one of the first devices ever developed with voice commands.- The voice interaction is usually logged. With my old unit I can look in the app and see everything. This unit rarely logs the interaction. Back to the last issue, when I look through the history of commands to try and find the issue, none of them can be found.- when contacting Amazon about the problems, they directed me to do a software update, we did, did not correct any of the problems.Overall, complete and total waste of money. The amount of money spent on the two units should have delivered better quality sound and followed basic commands without the problems we have. My wife is one of the most patient people I know, today she finally lost it with the unit. We have now unplugged the unit and placed it in a box for the next yard-sell. Now looking for other options.	1	January 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"After installing the update (that took an hour) it still won't consistently play music. I don't know if this device is ready for primetime as this seems like a common issue.I was very excited for this one as I use my original echo daily to listen to the radio or music. Little difference between this device and the original when it comes to listening to talk radio like NPR or news streaming. The music that it did play sounded better than the original echo (much of the difference was an increase of bass). It sounded good when it played music.I have returned it because of the inconsistency and lack of functionality. I opted to not get a replacement though because I have my echo spot hooked up to a Boston Acoustics speaker that sounds as good and it's cheaper than the $200 For this speaker.Having used this ""studio"" version, I would recommend hooking up your old Alexa to a quality speaker instead of spending the money on this one. I find this to be a much more versatile option. Plus this thing is huge and didn't fit in the place where my original echo sits.My experience with Amazon customer service this time was horrible! I talked with about 15 different representatives to arrange for a ups pickup for the defective one and now I need to contact ups and try to accomplish this. Seems like Amazons policies or customer service has taken a nosedive."	1	November 11, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"I don't recommend this, but there's a setup troubleshooting tip at the end of this review you might find useful if you do buy it.  Three reasons I'm returning this: 1) The Echo Studio sound is muddy (even with EQ adjustments) and not significantly better than my 6 year old standard Echo.  If you're replacing a defective Echo, get a standard Echo.  2) I compared this with a 7 year old Sonos Play 3 and it wasn't even close.  Don't get this to replace other pure audio devices (besides, Sonos now makes an Alexa-capable version)  3) I had a problem during setup that is easy to find on the internet.  When I fired it up for the first time it kept trying to play on other speakers in the house (with no luck), or would say ""Playing music that you like"" and then go silent.  I tried unplugging every other sound device in the house to try to troubleshoot but couldn't make it work.  I chatted with Amazon support but they just took me through things I tried after Googling it.  I finally figured out that you can tell it ""play x music on this speaker"" and it worked.  One of the things I like about Alexa is that it knows you want music to play from the speaker nearest you when you ask, unless you specify otherwise so this was annoying.  Side note:  When I first set this up it connected to my account OK, but couldn't tell I had Amazon Prime so refused to play Prime Music.  The key (per Amazon support) was to tell it to switch profiles to my wife's, then switch back to mine (we both pay for Prime).  That at least allowed me to use it to play Prime Music, so long as I told it ""do it here.""  Very disappointed for this price."	2	June 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The echo studio has great sound quality but is very tedious to set up interface wise. Alexa is an amazing voice assistant and the ability to add skills is a plus for adding consoles or devices such as the Xbox series x or one X. However, there are cons as even though you can pair your third party devices such as x box you can’t automate apps on it for example Spotify. On Spotify you can launch the app on the Xbox but you cannot play music on it from the Xbox using a command. The home theater and stereo pair option is also not available as a command or option as you will require two echo studios or two echo dots to so so. Lastly the speaker should be able to be paired to any tv with Bluetooth or smart capability but it appears that this is an issue I have a Samsung q8 and while the echo dot 4th gen device was able to connect seamlessly the echo studio could not. Alexa even confirmed the connection but there was no sound coming from the speaker. This speaker seems to be in a beta phase and not suitable for consumer use yet as there are still many bugs to iron out as a supposedly premium device.	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Initially I thought the studio was exactly what I was looking for, powerful clear sound at a reasonable price that I could also connect to my TV as a sound bar.Amazon has the powerful clear sound at a reasonable price down.  I have been able to use the echo studio to replace a much older multi channel stereo system.  The studio produces much cleaner, crispier sound, and at a much higher volume.  The bass is produced by the single studio is actually far better than I expected.The downfall, and a big one, for this speaker is that I have had constant issues with it dropping sound through the optical line, which has basically rendered it useless as a sound bar.  I have spoken with an amazon tech and went through great lengths to troubleshoot the issues to no avail. Because of the persistent problems Amazon was kind enough to send me a replacement for free.  Low and behold 2 weeks later the same issues are popping up.  I am completely disappointed.  There are other ways to connect the studio to my T.V. but all of those require purchasing a completely separate Amazon device, which is ridiculous.  If using the optical line isn't going to be supported then why include one on the device, and why sell it as having that capability?On top of the sound drops, when the studio is working it has major latency issues and no way to fix them.  One would think that with all of the capabilities of Alexa and the Alexa app there would be a setting that could fix such an issue, unfortunately there isn't one as of now, unless of course you are using another Amazon device (fire cube, fire stick 4k) to run your studio through.I am hoping that Amazon makes some adjustments to what has the potential to be a great product soon.  If not then this will be like another sports super star that flutters out due to lack of support and hard work.	2	February 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was surprised at the size and weight of the Studio, there must be some serious speakers in there. Setup was easy, just like setting up an Echo Dot, no problem. Music sounds fine. Singing voices are crisp and the bass can only be described as powerful. Even though music is playing, Alexa can hear commands, I don’t have to shout at all.Update: I’ve had the Studio for a few weeks now and it has developed a problem. It received a software upgrade a few days ago, and now, after playing a number of songs, it randomly starts making a loud unpleasant kind of burbling sound. If I say “Alexa, skip” it goes to the next song and plays properly. Then, some songs later, it burbles again. It is not any particular song file, and a song that made the noise will play properly if I say, “Alexa, play ‘song name’”. Amazon support is really nice, but apparently I am the only customer that has reported this. Of course, if they replace it, I will receive a refurbished unit; when I spent this kind of money a few weeks ago, I don’t want refurbished. They say they will escalate my problem to an engineer, so I will keep it for a while, but if they can’t fix it, back it goes. (I still really like the great sound quality when it isn’t burbling.) Sigh.	3	October 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I purchased the Echo Studio when it was on sale 169.99 and was excited to try this thing out. Well the excitement was short lived. The Bluetooth would connect just fine through Windows 10 PC (connected to my tv via hdmi) and would work fine until I asked Alexa to play a song. Once that happened the Bluetooth would disconnect and proceed to play the song forcing me to reconnect it. This happened every time right on que. Sometimes when the Bluetooth was reconnected there was no sound at all despite Windows 10 showing it connected. In addition the Bluetooth connection would also drop at random moments and while the speaker sounded pretty good at first that was short lived as well. One moment I had a great speaker and then for no reason it suddenly sounded like a cell phone speaker (no woofer/mids). Resetting or unplugging was no help. My Echo Plus was connected in the same fashion and produced none of the above problems working flawlessly. As mentioned in other reviews the placement of the light ring is annoying since you cant see it at eye level (where most people would probably have it) and the voice recognition would sometimes not work. Also I figured I would update the software to possibly fix any problems but the Studio reported back that it had the latest version. When I checked Amazon website the latest Studio software version according to Amazon site is 3389730436 however my Alexa app shows the software version as 3590965380 so I'm not sure if that matters? Well I decided I would give it another try since maybe I got a lemon?I proceeded to initiate a replacement ticket and was directed to a customer service chat. I was told this was not possible and that I could return the product and just buy it again. When asked about the sale and if they would honor that price the customer service rep just repeated that they could only return it. I asked why and again was just asked if I wanted to return it. This product and process was not what I usually experience at Amazon and the only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the refund process was great as usual. Now I have to decide if I will pick another one up during the next sale which will most likely be Prime Day but this experience has left me looking for alternative options.	2	March 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Often won't play what I tell Alexa to play. Will still play what's in the ""Now Playing"" on the Alexa app.Some song commands just go unheard.Then Amazon music won't play in my car because it's still connected to Alexa even though I'm 20 miles from my houseAnd why tf do have to use Alexa app to control volume for music app.Probably using it wrong but could definitely be more intuitive"	2	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Expecting more	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I purchased this with the understanding that it could stream music from Tidal music service. It does not. This leaves me with having to settle for the relatively limited music available through Amazon unless I pay for their premium music service, which I am not willing to do. My expectations for music systems are very high, and accordingly, a four star rating for sound quality is positive given the limited size and nature of such a small device. But Amazon needs to promote honestly and will hopefully make good on it's promise of having this stream from Tidal.	3	February 27, 2022	1
Echo Studio	We have been having trouble with our Sonos speakers staying connected lately and Alexa was never able to find them when we wanted to use them so I opted to get a Studio. Honestly, the Sonos gen 1 speakers sound better to me. Even after the room setup, which is a pain to re-trigger if you move the Studio to a different location, it still sounds fairly lifeless.The mic has been discussed all over on various forums, it does not pick up nearly as well as our original Echo Dot. This was a swing and a miss for me.  The Sonos speakers are acting better now with a recent update so I avoid using this for music listening.  Mileage will vary depending on what you are looking for and expecting but I was hoping for more I suppose. If you want real sound, skip this and get a Sonos or decent bluetooth bookshelf speakers.Also, our Alexa system recently lost one of our plug in lamp switches. Worked fine until last week. Not sure what they did at Amazon but why does every tech company assume we need software updates? It was working.  I doubt this is directly related to the new Studio.  Just odd it happened soon after installing and setting up an Alexa Studio.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It's ok.. I've had some issues with mine. It's not what all of these reviews make it out to be. It sounds (ok) I have a lot of problems with pairing & a lot of cutting in & out when music is playing. . I have not really been impressed with it. Maybe it's just me,but I expected a lot more out of it.	3	May 3, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"I was really excited to buy 2 of these to use as a soundbar type device for HD imersive sound when watching TV. I really really wanted this to work.1st of all, it has connection issues to the 4K firestick. Sometimes it works fine, sometimes it won't. Usually just have to hard restart everything but that's kind of annoying.2nd, it just isn't loud enough. I have a 65"" 2020 Sony OLED. The TV speakers at 75% are louder and sound comparable to the echo speakers maxed out. It's so disappointing.Now the speakers are much louder and sound really good when playing music from Amazon music. I love having all of my echos connected to play music at the same time. I have a speaker of some sort in almost every room in the hosue (basement and garage included), yes I'm a bit of a fan boy.That's another reason why I'm so disappointed in the echo studio for TV sound. If you want these just for music, great speaker. If not, maybe look elsewhere."	3	August 14, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Add for a sound bar.. didn’t work every time. Had to recycle power before it would work again as a sound bar. Tech service useless. CS will replace it… but even prime is 9 weeks out. Why is it still PRIME? Other vendors can’t do that.. 2 day shipping is prime.. Amazon, remove the prime label of everyone who can’t ship in a few days, including yourself	3	April 19, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I purchased this hoping to set up a great sounding home music system. As far as the capabilities it’s great BUT BUYER BEWARE. If using in a home theater setup two studios and a sub the max volume is lowered substantially. Then if using apps like YouTube, YouTube Music, Apple Music, anything but Amazon Music the sound quality is cut in half again. I’ve looked on numerous forums and this appears to be a software issue that many have been hoping Amazon would make. If I could do it all over again I’d use it as a single stand alone with the sub in the living for just general music. Not for use with a TV.	2	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I had a difficult time getting this to work in my house which already has an older Echo. It proved to be challenging to get all of the apps I had on  my original  to work on this unit, there should be some type of installation video or instructions to complement the unit. Also ""what if scenarios"" as in I have a Amazon Show and Echo within hearing distance of one another. Sounds great though"	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"This is a nicely made and presented product. I had high hopes for it, but it is a bit disappointing. Here's why...Sitting close, it sounds full and powerful. Moving away the impact drops off very quickly. Also, as you turn up the volume, the amplifiers dynamics processing is very audible and the bass is reduced noticeably. It kind of comes in and out, so it loses ""punch"".Also, I am not a fan of the imaging or soundstage. Seems pretty point source to me and flat. I know Amazon has specially encoded ""Atmos"" tracks to show off the soundstage, but that not what I'm listening to 99.9% of the time.I find myself not using it most of the time... it just seems a little fake sounding. I like the original Echo device better even though it is not in the same class output or bass wise, it is more listenable and truthful to me. I can accept its shortcomings because it more honest sounding.The other HUGE issue to me is the inability of voice recognition circuitry to work when it doing what it's designed to do... play loudly. You end up screaming at it. I've used much better implementations of the Echo solution that can understand voice commands when a lot is more going on in the room, sound wise.I know I could use two of them and add a sub, but at that point might as well get a real hi-fi and an echo dot for $22.00 and call it a day.Hey, you guys asked..."	3	November 26, 2019	1
Echo Studio	This speaker sounds good, but no amount of audio quality could make up for how slow, unintuitive, and unresponsive Alexa is. This device has a less than 50% hit rate on doing what I want. It misunderstands commands; can't understand sequential commands; and often just fails. Moving music between speakers or groups within the house is nearly impossible. If I was going to do it again, I'd buy a Google device.	2	September 9, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I was super excited about having this in my Man-cave that I’m building… the connectivity problems are so bad I can’t even enjoy one full song without one studio disconnection or the other one making buzzing sounds…. It sounds so amazing … but the continuous disconnecting and one speaker working is terrible. When I have people over they say wow that’s why I stick to bose…. Really wish I could’ve loved this . Sounds amazing … when it works all together	2	August 24, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Just got on Prime Day, so this won’t be a long review, yet. Setup was relatively easy and a big step up from my 1st generation Echos. Sound is excellent (unless your expecting marvels from a small package).But, what has me posting this so quickly is the shock I experienced when, after setting it up, Alexa asked it I wanted to hear a sample of 3D music. I can’t post any lyrics here without the likelihood of being suspended, but if you Google WAP by Cardi B, you’ll know why. Now, I’m an adult and can tolerate these things. But if you’re a family with young kids, BEWARE! A few clues: Use of the ‘n-word’ is the least offensive part. And the P in WAP stands for that body part the President grabs. If I’m not the only person who got this as a music sample, I’m surprised Amazon hasn’t been sued.On the good side, this device helps integrate older Echos into the system, where previously standalones can now be combined in an ‘everywhere group playing notifications from all three Echos.I looked at reviews of the subwoofer, some with paired Studios for a pseudo 2.1 system. My take is skip the Echo Sub and another Studio, and use this for what it’s good at.	3	October 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I ordered this in September. When I set it up, I was VERY surprised at the amount of sound emanating from this device. About a week later, I decided to see if all the speakers that were actually there were actually working. I put my ear close to each, and all were working except the top speaker. That wasn't a good look. I contacted Amazon and that's a whole NOTHER story. Hopefully, the SECOND representative that I spoke with placed everything in order and I will receive a replacement once more are in from the manufacturer. Suggestion to Amazon. If a product's price is sliced by $50.00, and you know this in advance to Prime Day, think about ordering MORE from the manufacturer in anticipation of items selling out. If it weren't for that little 'gem.' I would have no issues with receiving a replacement in December.Yep, December, I ordered this in September, and because of Prime Day, a replacement won't be available until December. It'll be well worth the wait because if this thing sounds great with FOUR speakers, just imagine all FIVE working.Amazon, y'all gotta do better with the anticipation thing and some of your reps.Seriously. I shouldn't have to wait on a replacement for a product that was defective from the jump.	3	October 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I've always been someone who listens to music very consistently, sometime weeks have been legit 24/3Then there was a time where I stopped even having the interest of listening to music.Then i listened to music with 2 echo studios paired and It automatically moved my soul back into listening to music, it even had me subscribe to Spotify for the 1st timeThe sound quality is something else with these 2, i carry one around my home and balcony with ease.So the positive of these are the sound quality, absolutely magical.The negatives are the annoying faulty pairing speed and faultiness it has.Alone, it's fine, sounds great.But if you're interested in surround sound, rich music, it is an annoyance.I constantly have to figure out how to re-pair them together to play on Spotify.2 ECHO STUDIOS WILL NOT PLAY MUSIC THROUGH BLUETOOTHThey connect through wifi to each other and play through a service like Spotify, Amazon music, and some other ones. If you have a default player, youtube, or an app like Calm, etc, you won't be able to listen to both at the same time for some strange, annoying reason.Randomly they will pair together or unpair in the middle of the night or any time. Again, when wanting to play a song, you can't just have a song pop up tap the song you want to play and listen to it.You have to literally do troubleshooting everytime you want to play it in paired mode and through Spotify in my experience. If that wasn't an issue, this sound system would be an easy 5 star. Regardless, I'm going to buy them again because the audio is that good and hope that updates will fix the issue.I bought 2 JBL Flip 5 speakers to compare.In sound, there's no comparison.With those it's around 200$ for both, smaller, and pair easily and can play through Bluetooth, which means you can play through any music player most likely.Sound wasn't bad, but it really made the Echoes sound even better when comparing.	2	May 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought a pair of these on sale to use as a home theater speaker system. The fact that they're wireless (except for power cord), support Dolby Atmos, and are relatively inexpensive were selling points for me. I've got them paired with a 4K FireTV Stick and when the system works, it sounds great. Unfortunately, they just don't always work. There will be times when there's just no audio. It seems completely random. I'll be watching a show, fast-forward through a scene and when replay starts, there will be no audio. Sometimes I have to completely unpair the entire system in the Alexa app and re-setup the entire system to get it to work again. Sometimes, one channel will cut out. I regularly have audio glitches when streaming from my local Fire TV Recast. At other times, it's flawless. I have my network router settings optimized for streaming for all these devices. I have a decently fast connection (~60Mbs down/20 up) and don't have any issues streaming when not using these speakers.The other downside is that the system only works when I'm using my Fire TV stick. There are no inputs for media players, game machines, or other devices.I'm hoping software updates will fix some of these issues.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This smart speaker is the best speaker’s idea but in the meantime it is the worst speaker I’ve ever owned.The best because this was my dream coming true. Decent design, not large but also large enough to produce a good sound with basses. Good for music and good for tv/movies as a sound bar.Just what I was dreaming for. Something clean that I can put on my entertainment stand in order to have a very minimalistic design.In order to use it plenty you have to pair it with your Fire Tv  stick or cube,... And for the music Amazon Music is the way to go, since you can cast/stream the music. Very convenient.Unfortunately, do not expect to cast your music from another app unless you’re ok to go through the Fire tv app but that means it turns on the Tv.Besides this little inconvenience, the idea is great!But I would stop here and just rate it 5 stars if only this would work well.In about 10 months I’ve bought this speaker. I haven't spent 3 days in a row with no issue with this. This is literally the most time consuming device  and nerve racking I ever experienced. And the reason for that is because I wanted to love so much.Here are the issues I’ve encountered since :Dropping sounds randomly when watching TV. Sometimes just a few sec sometimes more and very often this issue can be resolved only with a complete restart of the Fire tv.Volume unresponsiveLately, the casting music through the Amazon Music app is choppy and has become impossible to listen to.As of today, pretty much nothing works fine. I have a speaker that can’t play music through Amazon Music and that can’t pair flawlessly with a Amazon fire tv.Besides the time I’ve spent trying to fix that. I can’t count how many time I unplugged, restarted, unpaired/repaired, cleared the wifi, changed the wifi settings, factory reset,...I also spent hours over the phone with Amazon support. Nice people. They do their best but for every intervention I ‘ve had I never had any update from them.An absolutely terrible device, and even with a decent price this is just not worth the pain.	1	June 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It had amazing sound. The bass hit well and I really enjoyed my music.Now for the bad. Sound would cut in and out. Not acceptable at this price range.Sound through the tv was awful. The tv sounded better with the built in speakers. I do have a new Firetv and it was an extreme disappointment.	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo Studio	It's fine, but the sound isn't really that much better than the standard sphere shaped echo.  Considering the price difference, I woukd not buy again.	3	June 1, 2022	1
Echo Studio	If trying to replace a soundbar, do not buy these.  I got one when it first was announced, and a second as you definitely want stereo sound.  But I now write this out of frustration with this product.  I have both of mine setup in the same room and paired with each other.  Also created a “home theatre” group.  Works when I first set it up.  When I am finished and go back to it I have no sound.  The only way for me to get sound, is to reset both devices, unpair my “home theatre” group and do it all over again as a brand new unit.  It’s super frustrating.  Every time!Also, I have my gaming console plugged in to one of the speakers through optical fiber.  I get the same results.  I was using it fine last night.  Just turned everything on, and I have no sound.  How is this possible when it is directly plugged in?I am officially tired of dealing with these and not having sound.  Get a real pair speakers or a soundbar if that’s your thing.  I am gonna move on from these as a “home theatre” setup.  It simply does not work.	3	September 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This was a bit of a letdown. I was excited to get it but it just doesn't provide the boom I expected.Voice activation of Alexa doesn't work from a distance while the system is at a high volume. I bought this thing to only work at high volumes so it sucks that Alexa doesn't wake up when I need it most.Another issue is it's ability (or inability) to connect to other Alexa devices. When connected it to the fire tv it would sound great but would constantly disconnect or reconnect with no sound. Sadly, it's just inconsistent.Lastly, the sound isn't that great. Compared to most soundbars, its a great competitor, but if you have a decent (5.1) sound system it doesn't compare.If you have a recent generation Echo and a good sound system, just connect your Echo to the system with an aux cord (with male connectors on both sides). You won't regret it.You can connect your fire tv to it and get surrounded sound without connecting directly to the TV.Alexa voice wakes up from anywhere in a 20×20 room.Plan and simple, there are better options. Hopefully the next generation will have less issues.  And yes my picture is deliberately upside-down to show a frown with the Amazon logo	3	August 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I had no intention of reviewing the Echo Studio but now 1.5 yrs of ownership…ridiculous amounts of reconnecting and going through that gyration I’ve had enough. These units lose connection almost daily. It’s ridiculous. I mean truly ridiculous. There is absolutely no call for it what so ever. I have a first gen dot about 60 ft from the wifi source and has been connected and stayed connected for like 3 years now. I own (2) studios and they can’t stay connected more than 24 hours.A word about owning (2) of theseDONT waste your money!!!I know, I know….but all the YouTube videos professing the awesomeness of (2) studios togetherYeah….RUBBISH! First of all, tell your wife or husband hey, don’t tell me when, but disconnect the 2nd studio and see if I notice…I guarantee that you won’t.Pure waste of money having 2Sorry..these are overrated hunksPure and simple	1	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This opinion is based off of a $200 price point.Pretty good sound but weak base and muddy mids for its size. I like the fact that I can use it for the home studio setup by pairing with another studio and a sub. With the micro optical connection to my TV it's ALMOST an awesome option for surround sound. I say almost because although you can control the sound when connected through your 4k Fire Stick, I have no way of controlling my volume when playing the regular TV or a PlayStation or something other than Fire. I shouldn't say no way. I can go back to using multiple remotes and control the volume using my fire stick remote. But who wants two remotes? Amazon needs to call up Harmony and work out some integration. Then you'd really have a solid product.I would hold off on buying this. The sound isn't that much better than a $70 echo unless you're doing 3D sound and even that was kind of meh.** I have an Amazon product in every room in my home besides my bathrooms** I think this is okay but save your money for now.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Update: After I posted my review, I was contacted by technical support. The rep did troubleshooting, with no success. I sent additional information over the next couple of days and did more testing. The rep called again and took some more readings to send to developers. Still no resolution and no additional information from technical support. They may be done with me. I no longer am using the Studio with my Fire TV Cube. The lag and getting it back on track again is too frustrating. It has been a waste of time and apparently $200 flushed down the toilet. Good thing I only bought one. I was going to buy another if it would work.-------------------I was an early adopter and had postponed writing an honest review until now. I understand that early issues are usually fixed a few weeks later. But several months later and several contacts later there is no resolution to my issue. Technical support has been very unresponsive. I was told they were going to research my issue and get back with me and they never did. The last time I spoke with a rep, they sent a replacement. That did not help. The issue that I have is there becomes a video/voice synch issue after watching certain shows for a while. My set up is a Fire TV Cube and also an Amazon Recast DVR with the Echo Studio. To temporarily get rid of the synch issue, I have to restart the Fire TV Cube, but then there is no sound from the Echo Studio. So I have to unplug the Echo Studio and plug it back in. Then sound works again. Some days I have to do this more than once a day. As far as the sound system, when it works, the Echo Studio is great for movies and music, with a couple reservations. For music, the sound can be great. However, only some Amazon Music apps give you full quality. You don't get full quality from the Fire TV app, but I do from my phone app, or directly from the Echo Studio. For movies, the Echo Studio has good sound and a pair of them is much more immersive. However, two Echo Studios do not work as a pair when you are playing a movie through a disc player (I have a Samsung 4k bluray player). Only one Echo Studio works (The one with the cable into the player). The quality of picture and sound is better when playing a 4k disc versus streaming, but unfortunately sound only plays through one Echo Studio. So, months later there are still too many issues and limitations. I would not recommend at this point.	1	February 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It's only been a few days but still working through problems.  One speaker works....I have two.  Volume is either too loud or too low.  Voice commands don't work.  When you pause music overnight and resume the next day, music starts from the beginning of the playlist.  I got rid of Sonos for this?  I hope I can work out the problems or I'm returning everything.	2	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Returned my first set because they kept disconnecting. Amazon tech support said to return the first set, and get another set. Second set is as bad as the first. One speaker works fine alone, but when paired with the second speaker and the subwoofer will randomly disconnect. These speakers are too expensive to not work well.	2	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I ordered this product twice. Both times I received boxes that weren’t factory sealed. The first time it was easy to see it was used and returned. The second time the factory tape was cut but everything inside appeared to be unused. I returned the first one and kept the second. Love the product but when you pay for new you should get new.	3	March 17, 2022	1
Echo Studio	My husband gave me the echo studio and sub for our anniversary. My best advice - go read reviews OUTSIDE of Amazon because feedback on the interweb is similar to my experience. The studio won’t play music half the time. It says it’s going to play what I’ve requested but instead I get silence from the echo studio but can hear bass from the sub (so something is working). The other half of the time the device only plays about 30 seconds of a song before it just stops. My wifi is fine and my sun and Studio are not close together. I have 2 other echo dot devices on the same floor that have zero issues. Amazon’s idea of troubleshooting is telling me to unplug/restart or reset my WiF. Save your $$ or better yet, spend your $$ on a Sonos One. It won’t be as loud but the sound is much richer and it will work better than the Amazon device.	1	October 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I really wanted to love the Alexa studio version.  But, after 3 months I have to say I’m very underwhelmed.  I have the subwoofer as well, and the sound quality really isn’t that much better than the Alexa 1 I had for years.  I’ve played with equalizer and placement but it’s just not that crisp and at higher volume just gets more distorted…. I’ve tried different music genres, acoustic, classic, etc and nothing sounds better than very average.  For $350, and after waiting 3-4 months for it to be available, kinda bummed every time I listen to it.  My little bose sound link sounds more clear and was less than half the price.Do not waste $$$ on this:(	2	June 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It’s been about 2 years now and I don’t like it.When I’m listening. To Spotify it will stop and make this odd skipping sound.  It happens no matter what Wi-Fi I have it connected to.When I first got it I loved it.  The bass is good for a speaker like this.  But after awhile it doesn’t work so good	3	March 3, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Just a little background on my taste. I’m pretty deep in both amazon and apple products for many years now. And I’m a bit of an audiophile. I don’t have speakers like these in my house but I wanted to set up a hub to control lights etc. in my apartment so two birds is what I thought. Especially since I don’t want to have a full blown sound system in my small apartment. I’ve had the older generation Echo dot and it sounded terrible. I ordered this Studio when it first came to market expecting an upgrade but was pretty disappointed. It’s rather flat sounding in my opinion hence the mediocre review. I really should have returned it.In any event, I am giving away my old Dot after receiving the new generation Echo yesterday. At a hundred bucks it sounds better than the Studio. So now I have the new Echo in my bedroom and Studio in living room. Both handle voice commands well. But I’d recommend the new Echo over the Studio. The sound is open and airy. Highs are crisp and the bass is punchy in a smaller footprint. The sound on the Studio is just blah. Everything else works fine so 3 stars.	3	October 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Update 02/07/2020, it's been early January that I returned this speaker...Amazon called me within hours of this review and offered to talk to me about my problem so they could send the details to the developers. Nice touch Amazon. Today I called Amazon a 3rd time asking where my refund is after being told 2 previous times wait another 3-5 days. The customer service person never once answered 1 question I asked several time...what is the hold up?! Then told me have a nice day, good bye, and hung up. Good job Amazon, you're losing a 10+ year Prime member.First of all, the build-quality and sound-quality are top notch. For its' size, this speaker really does produce a great sound. I've owned countless Bluetooth speakers, and this one delivered on sound.But I'm all about functionality, and this speaker did not deliver on that. I used this speaker in my bedroom for TV sound and to play Spotify (which I do constantly). I have my Mac Mini connected to my TV and have the Echo connected via Bluetooth to my Mac Mini. For a few weeks it performed flawlessly...playing my Spotify when I fired up a playlist, and automatically connecting back to my Mac Mini when I closed out of Spotify. This would be the first Alexa device I've used that functioned properly. One night while watching a movie, the sound dropped out and the speaker disconnected from Bluetooth...now showing up as offline in the Alexa app. From this point on the issues just got progressively worse.So I've given up on Amazon speakers except for my old Echo Plus (with the rotating volume ring) because it still functions 100% and I've never had to reconnect it to my network.I am now back to my UE Boom 2 speakers...that when powered up automatically connect to my Mac Mini as they should and simply function. The sound quality is nothing like the Echo Studio, but at least it does what it's supposed to without fail.So goodbye Amazon speakers...I've tried and tried but you didn't deliver for me.	2	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I absolutely love it.  I bought the studio and 3 echo dots.  Gave one to a friend and she was asked if she wanted to try the Kasi Wi-Fi color bulb for .99 cents.  I never received that offer. Would love to try as well.The studio is worth every penny.  So happy with it!!	3	March 18, 2022	1
Echo Studio	So I've been a pretty big fan of Amazon stuff for sometime. I use Amazon Basics stuff whenever I can. I also rarely leave reviews.But this thing was a big enough disappointment and continues to be a frustration that I figured people need to know some stuff.First off, as an Alexa device, it's fine. Plays music, does the 4 other things Alexa is able to do (different rant).But one of the main reasons I got this thing wasn't for Alexa or as just a music player, I wanted to make a 2-studio-1-subwoofer home theater.Well it really sucks at that so far. Connecting using the Alexa app is fairly simple, but it just refuses to be a reliable home theater system. It constantly drops sound, or has intermittent sound loss. Happens randomly. Sometimes I'll just turn on the TV and only the sub will be working. So I'll have to recreate the entire home theater system. It's also really picky about what it will and won't work with.Also it refuses to connect via wired Ethernet like its fire TV brethren. And if the fire TV you want to make the home theater with isn't on the same SSID (as in, if my fire TV is connected via wired Ethernet and the studio\sub aren't) then it also makes problems.As for sound quality, it's good not great. It doesn't quite fill a large, open floor plan family room. If you're looking for a better sound quality home theater than a comparably priced sound bar\sub combo will probably beat whatever studio\sub combo (dollar to dollar). I know going from my 6 year old LG soundbar\sub to the studios\sub did not improve overall sound quality to any noticeable amount. But I also got it for home automation reasons so I was ok with that.I think if you want this for just a much better version of the echo plus that plays music then you'll be happy, but hold off for at least another 6-12 months if you're looking for a home theater upgrade.	2	January 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Okay, so where do i begin?If you like jazz, great speaker. Play some John Coltrane and it wafts through the speakers and tickles your ears. Diana Washington's September in the Rain is a great song on Amazon Music HD to test it.If you like rock, well you will be slightly disappointed. i found that bass was ok, but midrange was lacking on many songs. That Smell by Lynyrd Skynyd is plain and faceless. Rolling Stones songs were meh.Modern pop rock is ok, and that doesn't take a lot to reproduce.Overall, I give it a 3 of 5. Alexa misses hearing me 1/3 or the time or miscommunicates when it does. Not so with my Alexa Dot, which is spot on everytime.This is kinda like the story of the 3 bears, no one will be happy but can you live with the bed you laid in, perhaps, but for the price? Maybe not. Its not a Sonos killer even though they try to be, or even a HEOS comparison. For the price, perhaps if you put up with its warts...	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Gotta say I'm disappointed with this. Command failure rate makes it close to worthless. dropped wireless connection all the time. its great connected to a FireTV but otherwise its just a frustrating super speaker with bac mics and crappy code.	2	September 27, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Bluetooth does not work well. You cannot really listen to music with BT connection as it will frequently drop and stutter. But you can hardwire, and that is good.	3	May 16, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I thought I was getting the same thing as my older Echo device in terms of features but with better sound quality. When I wanted to play my music real loud I would use the AUX output to my stereo system on my older Echo. The Echo Studio device only has AUX input. For the casual listener yes it's better than the old Echo. However, if you want to use your Amazon music library and listen to it on high end speakers you are now out of luck. I would rather not have spent the money for this and just used my old Echo.	3	November 22, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It has all the same functions but doesn't really have the sound and bass I was looking for.. its just Ehhhh. Not worth it	2	October 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This Echo Studio was purchased with an Echo 3rd gen to provide linked sound from our TV (using a Fire Cube) in the living room and another room (to listen to audio from the TV) and while the literature on the Echo speakers are fuzzy on the ability of these two specific speakers to link together, it is implied they can. Wrong. They cannot. Strike 1. After weeks and weeks of owning the Echo Studio, we have now RECONNECTED a Bose Mini Soundlink to the Fire Cube because after weeks and weeks of factory restarts, reconnecting, linking and pairing, pairing and unpairing, and countless hours on Amazon troubleshooting chats (the SLOWEST customer service chats ever), I have given up on the home theater pairing. Strike 2 and 3. The connections are tenuous, drop constantly, and even when the speaker is linked with the Fire Cube, the sound doesn’t come through the speaker and remains on the TV. So frustrating. The sound link between the speakers for multi room music seems to be fairly reliable and therefore, we have decided they can be used for music but not home theater. We’ve resorted to a less expensive, smaller and older Bose speaker for the TV that is flawless in its linkage and provides adequate and trouble-free sound. The $300 in Echo speakers are, for multi room music only, overpriced and I would have returned these speakers a long time ago except we live outside the US and sending these back to the US is prohibitively expensive, and during these COVID times, almost impossible.I would not recommend this speaker to anyone. Find something else. Anything else. Because clearly among all the things that Amazon does well, building a reliable, technologically capable, hi fidelity home theater speaker is sure not one of those things.	2	September 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I am a Apple fan boy. I am because you just plug in their products and they work. Period. I spent the good portion of my Sunday trying to get two studios and the subwoofer to make a sound theater for my Fire TV. It is an experience that shouldn't be. I was amazed after two hours trying to connect them, they suddenly came alive! I was thrilled, which was short lived! I had to go somewhere and when I returned and played the TV it was back to one speaker. I know when tech support read this, they will say call us. No thanks, I am not going to spend another morning trying to fix this with a tech guy I can't understand. Oh, and I can't return anything until I talk to tech support. That is BS	1	October 24, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It disconnects from the bluetooth connection with the tv & alexa app, all the time. And its not the easiest to get reconected. Sounds great, but its not worth the connection issues.	2	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought the Studio to replace a 3rd gen Echo. I was hoping that the voice recognition would be better as this device is located in the kitchen where there's often background noise, and I was hoping for significantly better sound. I'm not sure the Studio delivers on either front. Plus it's just bigger and uglier than I expected. The sound quality is a bit better but it doesn't blow me away. And I find myself adjusting the volume regularly -- it's either too loud or too soft -- this could be caused by the latest Adaptive Volume software update. I haven't used the home hub features since I already had all my devices set up. Anyway, your mileage may vary but I'm not a huge fan of the Studio.	3	September 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	We are on our second Echo Studio in the last two years and we are disappointed. Our first studio quit taking spoken directions after about 6 months. We had it replaced and here we are again as the replacement unit won't take spoken instruction unless we walk over and stand right next to it. Often we speak instructions to the Studio and our Echo Dot in our bedroom responds (40 feet away) and the Studio in the same room does not. Just frustrating. We love the sound qualify and the various features. Just wish it would listen!	2	July 12, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"This ""isn't up to what amazon is advertising "" not yet !!! Thier are several issues, 1,speaker drops wi-fi connection to often 2, this speaker is controlled through the Alexa app,now when the app is functioning properly this speaker works as it was designed to however this app doesn't work properly as it should,  it has a three ban equalizer for the speaker and the equalizer will freeze up and stop working,  when that happens and it happens far to often you can not adjust the bass treble or the midrange, in order to get the equalizer to work again you have to unplug the speaker from the wall and re-plug it in to get the equalizer to reset and then it's fine till it happens again 3, thier is no fine adjustment for the equalizer in that when you try to adjust the bass from 0 to 3 you can't, it won't do 0-3 it will only go 0-5-10-15 you really can't fine tune it so thats really not giving you the ability to make your own sound the way you want to here it and that's what I paid for💲💲,and that goes for adjust the volume of this speaker also you can't go from 5-8 it will go 5-10-15 witch is RIDICULOUS!!! So they really have some work to do on this app to get it to where it's supposed to be !!! P.S...Amazon as with all things Amazon won't let you use a equalizer app not from Amazon or outside the Alexa app so your stuck when the Alexa app freeze up on you..."	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	So I was very excited to get the new Echo Studio as a Father's Day gift this year.  I've been watching them and reading about them since they were first introduced and thought it would be a great addition to my Alexa Family.  Well, I guess I was wrong and I'm pretty disappointed, particularly with the sound quality.I love my music and frequently switch between Amazon Music, Pandora and Spotify.  My primary speaker until the studio was a 3rd gen echo which really sounded great.  I created a group with the smaller echo spots in my various locations within my open floor plan.  It really sounded good, especially the 3rd gen echo which had a surprising low punch and crisp midrange.So along comes the studio with its room filling 3 D sound and well, it just sounds like crap.  My 3rd gen echo sounds so much better.  What gives?  I've done the room calibration and tried different locations but it just sounds flat and one dimensional.  The bass is muddy and the midrange is washed out. Snare drums sound like me tapping my fingers on a table.  I'm underwhelmed.Setup was aggravating too.  There is no way to recalibrate the sound other than doing a hard reset and starting all over again.  Setting up a speaker group was frustratingly difficult.  I had to delete all my groups and start over rather than adding the studio to an existing group.Setting up the free included Philips Hue bulb was way more complicated than it should have been too.  I just can't wait to tackle the dimmer switches I bought too.On the plus side, its a very sturdy door stop.I should have just asked for the Sonos....	2	July 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is a fine speaker if you want a louder echo, but I bought two of them plus a sub to run the audio for my Amazon Omni TV. They frequently stop working, and the TV audio becomes unusable. Amazon support has no set fix. You have to spend time changing the sound settings, j lugging and plugging the television and speakers and trying various apps until whatever bug works it’s way out.	2	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Sound quality the best of the Echos. I've owned this, the Echo Gen 4, and the Dot Gen 4. This the best, by FAR especially with the Dot. Not saying much if you've ever experienced a good amp, good speakers, and a good sub. ""360 sound""... bs. More like ""spacial enhancement"". echo. Convinces me one speaker just can't do it.Lots of bass... mediocre mids and highs. Connecting other Echos as a stereo pair... not easy at all. ""device not compatible"" and that with the Echo Gen 4, Echo Dot Gen 4. ? Sure it's possible and I've watched a lot of videos, I haven't been able to yet."	3	October 31, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Purchased in March of 2019, I paired this unit with the matching subwoofer. Sound quality is fine. Certainly not up to my old days of reading Stereo Review, but perfect for listening to a few tunes or overtures with dinner or late in the evening. The problem is the voice recognition. Up to 40% of the time when we ask for a tune we get ""Here's a station you might like."" Then our voices raise trying to get it to stop. One or two more tries and we finally get our selection. This does not portend to a quiet dinner or late night music listening. Avoid this device. Buy some quality powered speakers with a headphone jack or better yet a blue tooth connection. I have an Echo Input in my bath room with a small battery powered blue tooth speaker. It picks up every word I say, even with the shower running and the sound quality is fine. I love the Amazon Unlimited Music program, like having an endless jukebox in your home. But save yourself the trouble and find a better speaker system to enjoy the music."	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Let's review the good and the bad.In general, we listen to our music at volume 5 or lower (Alexa volume 5).1. the Studio's sound enhancement is absolutely awful.  We turned that off.2. the Studio's flat EQ makes it sound almost identical to the standard Echo.  Testing side-by-side and at volume 4 and under, nobody could tell the difference.  at volume 6 you start to hear the difference and higher volumes you start to get the low end of the woofer.  But we never listen to our music that loud.  so not worth it.3. the Studio's microphone missed so many things that the Echo never misses.  You have to talk louder and closer for it to work.4. the Studio's music playback doesn't work consistently.  Alexa will be silent for 10 seconds and then say there is an issue.  However, with the Echo we have never had that response (in years).5. certain Alexa requests don't work.  Alexa repeat - ""there is nothing to repeat""  after pausing...Alexa play ""there is nothing to play"".  Again, we never get this response from the echo.  It always keeps track of the song that was playing.6.  The Studio needs to be out in the open for it to sound decent.  We tried putting it on a shelf but it sounded muffled.7.  The Studio is big for what it puts out.  There are better, punchier speakers that are smaller (and less expensive)8. The Studio doesn't replace the need for a sub.  Which is why I bought it.  I thought it would have a full sound that would negate the need for a sub.  It doesn't, especially at lower volumes.For the price, you can get a sub speaker combo that will be richer in sound.  And at lower volumes, the Echo has nearly identical sound.  No one in our household or that visited was impressed."	2	January 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I've had a pair of Echo Plus speakers set up in stereo for some time now and I think they sound great.I finally decided to pay the extra money and get the Echo Studio speakers, having read great reviews about them.My personal experience, however, is that they only sound marginally better than my Echo Plus speakers, and definitely not worth the extra money. Some types of music actually sound better on my Echo Plus speakers. Even the level of bass wasn't that much more on the Studio vs the Plus.I think the sound is quite good, but not worth the extra money, so that's why the 3 star review.	3	October 25, 2021	1
Echo Studio	If you are looking for uninterrupted streaming  this is not the device for you. It notifies you if a package was delivered and doesn’t start replaying again on its own. I mainly use the device when showering and it’s extremely annoying in order to have the song continue. It does not recognize voice commands that want to connect back into Spotify. The idiot Alexa annoying wants to play on Amazon music. I stream from Spotify and it’s a lowlife move on Amazon to charge an absorbent amount of money on a product designed to push you to use an Amazon service. Some times I can’t mirror from my iPhone for some unknown reason and when you Bluetooth it the sound quality greatly degrades. The sound quality is also horrible and very disappointing at that price point. There nothing studio sound quality about it. My farts have more detail in sound quality than this pile of audio garbage.  Very disappointing product.	2	March 12, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought This Alexa studio thinking it was going to be a game changer. I love my Alexa items but I didn't think about it not having a screen that I can see the time or the date. It sounds good but i cant pay $215.00 for this item. If it was cheaper I might keep it but right now its going back. If they would offer it at a lower price I would probably keep it.	2	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Frankly, I'm a little let down by the sound quality. I subscribed to Amazon HD music, as that's how you supposedly get the most out of this unit. I was expecting a big leap in clarity/presence, etc.  So far, no leap. Now, I was coming from a 1st Gen Amazon Echo, which,  I think, probably had the better sound when compared to the subsequent generations, so maybe the gap was narrower.  I also have an Echo Sub, and I've tried the Studio both with, and without, the sub.  Eh.  It's in my kitchen on the corner of a counter, I did the setup, etc. The sub is across the room on the floor, tucked into a corner.  I don't have Zigbee devices, so no review of the built-in Zigbee hub.  Perhaps if I'd ordered 2 of these, and paired them in stereo with the sub and was using them with my FireTV for home theater sound, I'd be impressed. As it is, while the sound is fine and probably as-good as it was with my old Echo, I'm relatively underwhelmed at this point.  Hence my 3 stars.	3	November 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This smart speaker is pretty pricey, but it delivers great sound.  Self adapts to room acoustics.  Easy to set up.  At first dropped internet connection a few times but since has maintained good connection.  Wish it were about half the price.	3	March 19, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I used to think this was the best speaker ever. In some respects it is. I bought 4 Amazon speakers (2 studios and 2 echo’s) to put in various rooms. The sound quality is great but I thought I could play any song at anytime I wanted to. More like Music on demand. Well when I first used it that’s exactly what I got but several weeks later when I went to ask Alexa to play one of my favorite songs now I was told I had to buy a subscription to Amazon Music. I should have known there was a catch. For this reason alone I am not happy with this speaker. Also, the eavesdropping thing and the fact that my dog can pick up on the sound waves, I unplug it after I use it which isn’t very much anymore. That eavesdropping thing where, when I researched it online, also doesn’t work. It says you can ask Alexa to delete today’s entire conversation but when I tried it Alexa came back and said it didn’t understand the command. I’m very disappointed!	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Bought two and paired them as stereo speakers in the living room.  They replace a 15-year old Bose large CD-player boom box that died of control malfunctions.  I had hoped this new technology would equal or surpass the Bose.  It doesn't even come close, which I suppose I should have expected considering that the Bose box cost 6 times as much and has a lot more technology in it than these.  If this is Amazon's attempt at decent sound, they have quite a way to go.  The mid-range sound on these is very muddy.  This is not high- fidelity quality.  It's OK for what it is, and the stereo arrangement is sufferable.  Hooking up just one, however,  was not adequate for my background ""easy listening"" purposes.  I was on the edge of sending them back, but, I love being able to bounce all around the history of music just by asking Alexa to play this or play that, or asking WHat song is this, or Who is playing this song.  That part, I love.  But of course you have to pay around 150 a year or so for Amazon music access."	3	June 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I wanted to get a sound bar for our bedroom.  Something with decent sound, however, I didn't want to get a sound bar with a separate subwoofer.  I read about this new speaker and I thought it would be the perfect solution, not quite.  You are able to connect this to your Cube of Amazon 4k fire steak and connect wirelessly and the sound is good, however, your are only able to access the full sound potential through the input for you Amazon Fire device.  So  if you have not cut the cord and are still using cable you are not able to access the full sound potential on that input.  I did order the 3.5 optical cable and plug that in but the sound was not good.  I heard no difference in the volume set at 5 or 10.  The sound is definitely better through the Amazon device.I called tech support and they were not much help.  The answered I received was, I don't know if that would work some people say it does and good for them.  I realize this is a new product but it seems the tech group with have a basic working knowledge of their product.As a stand alone speaker this sounds good, but not as good as the Sonos one.	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I bought two of these and they worked great, and then they didn't.  The sound would go in and out.  I bought a firestick to make them work more consistently  and it made them worse.  Now I can't get either of them to play.  I have called Amazon two times in past two months and they said they would create a ticket, and each time the ticket has been closed when I circle back.  Now I called a third time and they said to reset them....which I have done like 25 times.  Now they said they are defective and they are out of warrantly (seems like a year?) and they can give me a 15% discount on new ones.....Just get a speaker from a company that has made speakers with a good history and has an actual warranty.  Dolby Atmos is great, but only when it works.	1	October 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I wanted to like this…BUT I can’t. Getting each to piece to connect and stay connected is a complete pain in you know what. I wasted way to much time trying to keep this working and I’ll never get that time back. When it does work the sound is extremely good but definitely not worth the trouble.	2	August 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	When it works it’s fabulous but there are to many issues.  While watching Marcella or Queen of the South on Netflix the sound is immense and theater like.  One drawback the sub is inoperative when watching tv, hopefully firmware will correct that.  When listening to music such as Caribbean Queen by Billy Ocean and Do It Again by Steely Dan the sound easily fills my 19x26 great room.  Two Echo Studios are paired with an Echo sub and they have plenty of power and punch for a $600 system.  Even though listening to tv and music with this system is enjoyable there are to many headaches.  Sometimes while sleeping Alexa will cycle the speakers and a tone is heard or you can hear her talking which is very annoying.  At times sound will come from one speaker only or an echo can be heard on Netflix.  Connectivity issues abound as well.  The system will work flawless for days on end.  Then they all loose connectivity or one is connected and the other is not or both indicate connected but no sound is heard.  Mine are connected via Bluetooth and if the issues continue I’ll connect them via Toslink cable.	3	May 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"I have purchased eight Echos for my family and others since its debut. Being an audiophile, when I heard about the Echo Studio, I KNEW I had to have one. Dolby Atmos, 3D High Definition Music?? Yes sir!! Read great reviews and not-so-great reviews. Still ... I had to have one. And I wish I had listened to the not-so-great reviews.The sound quality is maybe slightly better than the Echo Show. I haven't heard anything yet that sounded like ""Dolby Atmos"". As far as 3D?? That's a joke. I purchased a subscription to Amazon Music HD and nothing there sounds any better than normal Spotify on the first generation Echo.Because I'm a fool, I will hold onto it for now on the slim chance that I'll buy another when they come down in price as I've read THAT'S the way to listen to it and I can imagine it'd sound slightly better with two speakers simultaneously rather than just one speaker. I dunno. Maybe I'm an idiot and a glutton for punishment. We'll see.In the meantime I say do NOT buy this. Get the biggest Echo Show you can afford and enjoy that instead."	3	August 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I've been on the fence about trying one of these since they were announced, but finally took advantage of the sale and thought maybe it could be a nice replacement for my home theater sound. Well, setup was nice and easy, and the demo sounded great. Although I did note that in order to REALLY get the effect you have to have it center screen.  Which means if I keep this I'm going to have to raise my television a few more inches so this behemoth doesn't get in the way. But I would do that...if it worked. I've had it 3 days, used it 2, had to reset it and set it back up at least 7 times so far. Most because I have 2 wifi connections in my home (one for me and one for guests), and although I set this up with the main one and NEVER gave it the password for the guest wifi, it's already in Amazon so it kept switching over. And there is no way in the app or anywhere else to change wifi connections without wiping it and starting over fresh.  This happened even after I went in and told Amazon to forget the guest wifi altogether.  It's also just come disconnected from the Echo Cube randomly, resulting in having to go into the app and unpair and repair the home theater setup.  I haven't made it through a single movie yet without it having to be reset.  Sound is great, as long as you have it centered. The home theater is great - when it works. Also disappointed that it won't work with my other echos, but I just wish I could get it to stay consistently connected to the Echo Cube.	2	June 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"I am now wishing I had just bought another echo dot and went a different route for music, etc.  The sound is okay, but not worth the price I paid.Sometimes when Alexa speaks the volume suddenly drops to a level that I can't hear and then returns to correct volume when I make a new request/question.Sometimes when I enter the room after being gone for a while, Alexa can't understand a simple request like ""Den Light On"" (even if I consciously pronounce the words clearly).  It may take two or three tries to get the command to work.  This is frustrating when you have your arms full of objects.There are numerous questions that Alexa can't answer when I ask them.  I can then speak to Google Assistant on my cell phone and get a precise answer.Alexa system keeps losing color for bedroom light.  I set it to red and then suddenly it turns back to bright white at some random point.  This is very frustrating when you wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.  Red doesn't fully wake me up.  White wakes me up completely.EDIT*  The system loses multiple devices at once randomly.  I then have to reset all of the lights causing me too much time loss.EDIT**  The system hasn't lost devices recently but suddenly stops on music, sound bytes, etc that must be downloaded.  It basically plays silence.  Alexa also leans too far to the left for me."	2	September 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I bought a BRAND NEW Echo Studio on November 22, 2020, and waited nearly a month before my purchase finally shipped on December 19, 2020.  It set up very easily and was connected to my account without problem.  Within less than a week, every time I asked ""Alexa"" to perform a task (eg. play music, play NPR), she would start the task briefly and then freeze with a loud annoying buzz and would fail to respond again, until 1) she seemed to reset herself, or 2) I unplugged her and plugged her back in.  I phoned and spoke with tech support for Alexa devices (outsourced to the Philippines) with whom I spent about an hour on the phone, while he coached me through various attempts to fix, including resetting the device.  None of this worked.  I asked for an exchange, and when I *specifically asked* to make sure I'd be getting a brand new device, he said yes of course I would get a new device.  Well, he LIED.  Amazon tech support LIED.  What I ended up getting in return was ""Echo Studio - High-fidelity smart speaker with 3D audio and Alexa - R"".  The ""- R"" means REFURBISHED!  I bought a BRAND NEW device, had it for less than 1 week, was lied to about the replacement being new, and ended up with a REFURBISHED device.  There is terrible customer support!  Why not just return the defective device for a refund and re-buy a brand new one?  Because when I bought it on November 22, it was a special deal for a cheaper price, bundled with two ""free"" Phillips Hue bulbs.  It's back up to full price now.  That said, see for yourself in my video (taken just today before I return the defective unit to Amazon).  I hope Amazon takes this review seriously: defective device, time wasted with subpar customer support, and a refurbished device for exchange is not what anyone should come to expect from Amazon."	1	January 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Bass wasn't there for me. Even paired with Echo Sub. I had better sound from my old Echo paired with my Echo Sub. For $200, the Sonos One is better sounding in that price range.	3	March 28, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"Comparing the Echo Studio to this Bose Home Speaker 500, the results reflect the small cost difference.  I'm really displeased with the direction Amazon has taken with music, and this is more fuel for the fire.  I don't want to have to worry about if my music is 3D and optimized for the Echo Studio device.  I also don't want to pay a monthly fee for music, as I already own what I'm interested in, but you know- Amazon no longer lets me upload my music.  Yeah- real helpful Amazon- thanks a pant load.  Back to the speakers.  The Echo device does better as an Alexa host- it's faster to respond and works well.  The Bose is slower and the phone app is beyond primitive.  However the Bose can go louder.  The Echo Studio is reportedly 300 Watts.  Bose won't say what the Wattage is, but maybe that's where the ""500"" came from?  I kind of doubt that, as the Bose is not so much louder than the Echo.  For audio quality, it's the Bose by a not dramatic, but noticeable margin.  I also don't know if the mute switch on the Bose is mechanical (like the Echo) or just software, so if you're paranoid, the Echo may be a better fit.  The business where Amazon claims the Echo Studio is able to detect the room and adjust the audio accordingly?  Yeah- I've not heard anything that'd suggest that's so.  I have it in a living room and it's not really ""wow'ing"" me.  maybe if you're in a dorm room it's different.  Summary- if you were going to get an Echo, get this one.  If you want better sound, try Bose, Sonos, or some other Alexa enabled option.  Your mileage may very, batteries not included, void where prohibited, etc., etc."	2	November 22, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Bought this thinking I’d be able to use it as a home theater system as advertised (syncing to the fire stick) I bought both the Studio and Fire stick, set it up, it worked for about 6 minutes and then stopped playing sound. Every time I power on my tv I have to scour the settings and try to get the speaker to work again. Haven’t used it as a speaker since day 2 due to how frustrating it is having audio drop in the middle of a show. Now a glorified Alexa.	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I recently bought two Echo Studios. I have mixed feelings.I think my two Sonos speakers sound better. But the Echos are good too.The Sonos app, at least for my purposes, is much better. The Echo's -  when paired - can only be controlled by voice, unless using Amazon music. At least as far as I can tell. I have to say ""play Sirius The Bridge"". To change the channel I have to tell it. I'd rather click buttons on my phone.  It's very easy with the Sonos, and I can play from Sirius, YouTube, my own collection, etc..The Echo's will only play in stereo when I'm using Alexa with voice control. Using bluetooth etc, no go. Maybe it's possible, but it's not obvious.I'd buy Sonos if I had to do it over again. That being said, the Echo Studio is still a nice speaker. They just need to make it easier to use, especially in stereo mode. Way easier."	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	At first I gave this 4 star but after having them for sometime I feel that a revamp was in order. First off the sound quality is great when listening to music from Amazon music. When they’re connected to my firestick that’s when the problem starts. They sound good when watching a movie or whatever you may be doing on the firestick for the first hour or so then connection problem start. They will not stay connected. The sound would go from Echo Studio to t.v. back and forth. Then at times the sound would drop completely and occasionally sound would try to come through. I’ve reset and restarted my Firestick on multiple occasions trying to keep it connected but it’s always the some. Not to mention that there seems to always something wrong with the sound quality as the pop up informs me. For $200 and something it was a waste. Wish I could return them.	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Studio	First, let me say, I have over 10 echo devices in my home, and have been a huge Amazon fanboy since high school. Always raving about customer service and quality of products. This one really let me down. I purchased the echo studio as a Christmas present to myself in December 2020. Worked great for 2 years. About a month ago, it stopped connecting to my tv as a theater setup. Then it stopped playing music on my connected group. Now it won’t connect to my internet at all. I’ve tried resetting, using a different wifi, everything. I reached out to customer support and they were not helpful at all. They redirected me several times. And at one point said they were escalating to a troubleshooting team and that it would take about 3 business days to respond. They never responded. I reached out again after almost 3 weeks, and after being redirected 3 times, I was told the best they could do to help was offer $30 towards a new device. A $200 echo. Unfortunately, I will not be replacing this device. Not sure if they’ve lost a step, but it’s time I take amazon down from the pedestal.	1	July 9, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The Alexa integration is great, however the voice recognition not so much.  I spend most of my time repeating commands and asking it to stop since it did something different than it was asked.  The sound quality is the best so far.	2	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought the Echo Studio for two reasons. 1) good sound 2) Echo Plus SmartHome zigbee hubThe sound is great but the SmartHome features are half baked.It supports many Zigbee bulbs and motion sensors, however the user interface (alexa app and voice control) does not support switchs or any tactile controls.  For example Ikea sells a Zigbee Bulb and wireless dimmer switch kit.  Both the dimmer control and the bulb can be paired with echo, but the user interface only recognizes the bulb. Amazon has not built progamatic support for taktile controls.Also there is no IF THEN OR logic available for SmartHome routines. There is time controls but that is limited.I bought a Linkind Brand Motion Sensor and use it to trigger a routine.  If I enter the kitchen anytime between 6:00 am and 7:30 am it plays the morning news and turns on a light.  This is great because the routine is time and motion based.	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I’ve had my studio since June. In all that time it has never been able to reliably stream music from spotify. Volume controls do not work from the app. Constantly have to disable and reenable the Spotify skill. Volume of music will stay loud while alexas voice stays soft. It’s the buggiest echo interface I’ve ever used, and Amazon clearly has no interest in fixing these issues. Sounds nice when it works, but if you want to listen to spotify on your $200 speaker, get something else.UPDATEAs of December 2020, Spotify issues seem to finally be fixed. But the speaker is still very buggy. At least once a week, it just stops working and needs to be rebooted. Just seems to struggle with basic function and connectivity much more than any other echo I’ve owned.The sound is also... fine? It’s not bad but not close to what you can get from a good Bluetooth speaker in this price range (and poorer than some that cost less). It’s definitely not $100 better than a standard Echo, which is what I’d recommend buying instead.	3	August 12, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have echo and echo dot in the house.  The studio was a replacement for the dot in my bedroom, and frankly I’m very disappointed with the studio sound/bass.  Studio is pla mid-room, on a dresser, 3D is turned off, and bass in Alexa app is set at highest setting. I run it about volume 4 or 5, not ‘party’ loud.  It  doesn’t really sound better (bass) than the dot!  I should return it, but I’ve tried living with it for a week and its now used.  Hate to see it go to land-fill.  For comparison, I have a Marshall stanmore blue tooth speaker in my garage, admittedly costs $100 more but it has same size speakers and it’s awesome - I suspect the amp is a lot better....  I also have a Bose ‘sound Link color’ $99 for my kitchen TV, its more compact and sounds better than the studio.  I wished I would have shopped a bit more and compared to Sonos, but online the Studio ratings were good and  I was looking for the seamless Alexa experience of an amazon device, which I got, but the sound, base in particular, doesn’t cut it...	3	March 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Sounds great! It probably works fine as a standalone Echo device, but I purchased as part of a home theater setup with another Studio, for stereo pairing along with an Echo Sub, and a FireTV cube. And each of these devices probably work just fine in a standalone configuration. (Well, the Sub has to be paired with a compatible speaker.) Together as a home theater setup they produced plenty of disappointment and frustration.Issues:* Echo Studio music - ""Sorry, I am having trouble playing music"" - happened on and off. When it worked, it sounded good. When it didn't, how it sounds doesn't matter.* Echo Studio home theater - when the Studios decided to work, there were occasional audio drop outs. Every day after adding the Sub and trying to watch more content, there was no audio from the Studios, just thump and bass from the Sub. I would try to play music to see if something would come out and no go (see above). Other times I could get it to play music and then playing a movie would have sound.I followed troubleshooting steps found at Amazon and online forums, even setting up a dedicated wifi router (Synology RT2600AC) four feet from the devices. Tried 5Ghz, 2.4GHz, FireTV Cube wireless and/or direct connected using Ethernet adapter, and a number of other reconfiguration steps, unpair/re-repair, unplug/plug in, restart, etc. So, everything is going back. I'll stick with my old FireTV stick and traditional speakers."	2	November 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I don't get it. It's big, it's bulky, and the sound quality is not anything spectacular. Actually, our old soundbar sounds better so we just continue to connect to that, except now we have a super conspicuous echo. Seriously, I feel like the sound on our old echo device (2nd gen, I think?) was better than this. The one doesn't sound balanced and it rattles. It seems like the mic doesn't pick up as well as our old one either. And, as others have noted, when you say the wake word, the response lights are on top of the device instead of the side so depending on where it is sitting, it can be difficult to tell if you were heard.I love all of our echo devices... just not this one. Ugh. I honestly regret not returning it.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have had echo devices since the original. I purchased this speaker from Best Buy last holiday and have been using it for approaching 11 months. I have a mixture of Shows and Echos and Dots and the one Studio throughout my house. I have held off on a review in hopes that the problems with the speaker would have been fixed, but they never have been.The sound quality is great when it works.Initially the setup literally broke all of the connected devices voice functionality in my house. The integrated bridge wanted to rediscover every individual device instead of using the existing bridge everything was connected to. Maybe I did something wrong but I set everything back up and it sucked but it was fine.Initially it seemed to work well and the sound quality was great. This was followed by 11 month of absolute unreliability.At least twice a week I will come in and the speaker is unresponsive and lighting up like it’s looking all around and never working. The microphone array, which at first was by far the best out of all the echoes I have at picking up through loud music and talking quietly, almost never works.I can be in my living room and say Alexa and be 3 feet from the studio and it will light up but never respond to anything unless I unplug it and plug it back in and then it will work for a little while before it has the same problems again. I talk a little louder and the old Dot I have in my bedroom down a hall and through a wall will come on and respond while this guy just puts on a random light show. It is not connectivity issues, it’s about 10 feet away from a new high end router which has been upgraded since I had the thing with the same problems. I kept hoping for some kind of update but I’ve given up at this point.	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Basically, the device is perfect, but the software and integration is so bad, it is a giant paperweight that constantly needs to be resetI have all the best Wi-Fi and  ost updated devices and apps.	2	August 25, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Good sound and value but lacking basic controls.  There is no balance control. But even more needed is sound normalization which does not not work on Echo Studio.  I am constantly changing the volume from song to song.  Please, please add these much needed controls and you will have a five star product.	3	December 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I purchased this to replace our ~5 year old Echo Generation 1 (which we loved).  We used that Echo quite frequently as it was in our kitchen.  Anything from creating timers, asking general questions, or playing music.To be honest, this studio seems to be roughly just as loud as our old Echo.  The bass is a bit deeper, and the mid-range seems to be a touch clearer, but we honestly don't notice much of a difference.My biggest heart break with this studio is the voice recognition.  Now our original Echo wasn't perfect, where we had to re-say ""Alexa"" a few times here and there to get it to pick up.  But this studio is simply awful.  We constantly need to re-say ""Alexa"" to get it to wake up.  Once it's woken up, there is about a 15% chance that it simply doesn't pickup your command and it just does nothing.  My assumption (without any research done prior), is that 5 years would have provided advancements in their microphone technology based on all of the different echo devices.  Our Echo Show 5's in our bedrooms are great, but this Studio is a miss."	3	January 31, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Its fantastic! Im in a smaller room for now and you can really tell the 🎵 surrounds the room.  For the bad reviews, did you get a faulty speaker? Hiphop is where it really shines. Hell to the yeah! Enjoy peeps. *drops mic*Revised:Originally 5 stars....Down to two. Why? Because theres virtually no bass and you have to scream at it to get its attention half the time. It also cuts out like a skipping cd. They say you can make calls from it but be prepared to stick your face right in the speaker because no one can hear you if you dont.Why bother advertising calling when in reality its more of an inconvenience. For what youre paying the sub should come with it. I have a 200$ JBL SB that sounds much better and it comes with the sub. How is this studio grade when my sound bar thats not ""studio grade"" blows it outta the water? NOT HAPPY. And if Amazon cant work with me, ill never buy anything from their smart devices which I planned on buying much more. Ughhh come on Amazon. Your company makes trillions of dollars and you cant make something with better quality and reasonable price. The sub should come with It! My advice (at this point) DONT BUY IT!!!"	2	May 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	When this was anounced I was so excited,  I thought I finally found the holy Grail of home theater. Get a pair of these, an echo sub, and a 4k FireTV edition tv. Let it all mate and be a beautiful compatible system that finally just works. No wires, Dolby atmos, what a joy it should be.Well it doesn't work!Basically its worthless for home theater use with Amazon's own Fire TV edition tv'sCan't connect wirelessly to FireTV edition as a home theatre in the app,  as alexa app won't permit it, says not compatible.So as work around, Bought a toslink to mini toslink cable and connected to Toshiba FireTV edition tv that way and it still stinks, you can't control the volume with the tv remote anymore, So i would need to buy another remote and give up the single remote which ruins the whole FireTV built into the tv all just works experience.Didn't even get to the point of attempting to mate a second studio to the first to try and at least get 5.1 out of it (Amazon website, while totally unclear, seems to say the toslink input can NOT be shared anyway). Gotta go cancel my second order.Even if pairing two does work, the second remote experience is probably a deal breaker. But the web is clear 3d and Dolby atmos wont pass over the toslink optical anyway. Just all around disappointing mess.Epic fail that the most expensive top of the line echo speaker doesn't work with most expensive top of the line fire TV devices.Totally bummed.****Update 5 months later and still horrible. Acquired a 4k fire stick as a workaround. And the home theater experience is still terrible. If you pause, ff or rwd video and it loses synch. Frequently it disconnects and you have to reboot everything. Sometimes it disconnects and you have to remove it from the network. TerribleEpic fail months laterBuy a sound bar or a real system for your home theater. Not this	1	November 16, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Purchased this product to be a primary speaker system for my Fire Stick TV. All of the marketing materials said this was possible. Upon arrival, I discovered that, while you can set up Home Theater through the Alexa app, the speakers continuously cause Fire Stick to lag, freeze, and just routinely stop working. I have unpaired and pared multiple times, and nothing short of a hard reset on the Fire Stick will get things working again. Mind you, when I disconnect the Studio, the Fire Stick performs flawlessly (as usual). I have read many online reviews complaining about the same issues. To say I am very disappointed would be an understatement. I’m returning both the Studio and the sub for a refund.	1	October 12, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought my first echo studio in July. I was totally impressed with the sound. The bass, mids and treble give a truly hifi experience. The connectivity was flawless with my Amazon music HD subscription. I decided a month later to get a second “studio” for the stereo experience. The set up was pretty easy, no problems. The problem started when I tried to play Amazon music on the stereo set up. It starts playing the requested song then about 30 seconds into the song it cuts out. After another 10 or 15 seconds later the music starts playing again. This was a consistent issue. I googled the problem and found that it was quite common. I tried all the troubleshooting solutions and nothing changed. My internet speed is 100/100 and it tested even better than that. I gave up after a couple of weeks and returned the second studio. It wasn’t worth the aggravation. I was looking for a plug and play stereo system that works with Amazon music. I definitely wasn’t interested in constantly resetting my router and speakers to no avail. I still have my original echo studio and it works perfectly as a single speaker, but it’s disappointing that I couldn’t have the stereo system.	2	September 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I've had this a little over a week now and it's pretty good for streaming music, but while the music is a good level at about 3 or 4, to the sound of the Alexa voice is way too quiet when set to that level. If I talk to Alexa when the music is playing, I can't actually hear its response.These devices need a function that allows chasing voice volume and media volume separately. It's unfortunate because there are a lot of complaints about this and it doesn't seem like Amazon is compelled to actually address it.	3	September 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	This is replacing a 1st gen Echo in a very large room. The sound quality is much better and it does OK for a huge room where the original Echo was weak and tinny. Unfortunately it is really buggy. It becomes unresponsive and needs to by unplugged and plugged back in at least once every 2 days. Also the volume is really inconsistent. Sometimes Alexa is whispering, and each response can have very different volumes. For example when asking Alexa questions she might answer in her current volume, but if instead she reads something from the news or from Wikipedia the volume may be much louder. Depending on the station music might be either very faint or very loud compared to Alexa's responses.Overall it is probably worth the Prime day 2020 price of $150 but could be much better. The problems do seem to be software related though so hopefully it will get better in the future, although the Studio has already been out a year.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The voice recognition is very good and it stays connected.  The sound is far from ""studio"" quality."	3	April 11, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I waited 5 weeks to receive this speaker. Which I wasn’t told until after I placed the pre-order that it would take this long. But that’s beside the point. I’ve read the interesting Amazon reviews on the Echo Studio while being patient and I still knew it was worth at least trying this speaker out. I’m not an audiophile, but I have good hearing. I’m not exaggerating when I say, the 3rd generation Echo Dot (yes the dot) paired with or without a sub is 10x better of an experience then this Echo Studio. The Echo Studio sounds like 3 instruments trying to be a team but are clearly hung over. Man the sound is so hollow and muffled. It’s like they put someone inside an empty Costco warehouse, ducked taped the man’s mouth and told him to annunciate the ABC’s but meanwhile it just sounds like Ariana Grande singing a verse. Just noise. I turned down the bass, turned it back up, turned up the treble, tried the spatial audio sound thingamajig. Placed it in the middle of the room, in a corner, directly in front of me.In summation, I encourage you to spend $200 on this because you can always return it. Don’t take my word for it, I’m just telling you my personal experience. I have 3 third generation echo dots throughout my home and those have a RICH sound that I’m very impressed by. Even just one by itself. I went to Amazon 4 Star store in Berkeley yesterday and tried the Echo and Echo Plus..... literally the Echo Dot was still the winner for me. It’s $24 right now and I’m laughing at how size doesn’t matter.And don’t get me started on the stupid Amazon Unlimited Music HD promos they bribe you with and then act like they never existed. Out of 10 million songs, only a small hand full are 24 bit quality sound. And they charge you on separate days for the HD. The Unlimited plan isn’t lumped together with HD. WTF! It’s all jacked up. Spotify premium is still the winner when it comes to sound quality.I’m a loyal Amazon customer. I’m confident Echo Studio next year will be the one to buy.Good luck =)	1	December 8, 2019	0
Echo Studio	No tiene tan buen sonido como se publica, tengo una UE Megablast que es una corneta portátil ya de hace varios años y suena muchísimo mejor. Lo que no se le puede negar es la cantidad de funciones inteligentes que tiene si utilizas el ecosistema Alexa es de todos los modelos la más completa y la que responde mejor, la inclusión del hub zigbee y que se puede emparentar con el fire stick para sonido 5.1 y compatibilidad Dolby Atmos es un gran plus. El precio razonable por lo que te dan pero su calidad de sonido da mucho que desear suena antinatural y poco balanceada, los bajos ásperos, los medios desaparecen y los agudos pobres, muy ruidosa pero con poca clase.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My expectations for this device were as high as the price, and it hasn't lived up to the hype. It sounds average, not great, and the EQ options are limited to 3 bands, so it can't be tweaked. It rattles at high volume. Usually it stutters when trying to play streaming music from Amazon. There are frequent bluetooth driver issues with my laptop, causing it to disconnect/reconnect randomly (with an annoying tone each time). If it has a smarthome hub, none of my bulbs recognize it; the bulbs in the same room as this Studio prefer to connect to an Echo 4th Gen on the far side of the house. A disappointing product which takes up way too much space on my desk.	2	March 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I’m extremely disappointed in the price I paid for this expecting something with way more sound output than my regular echo but even with the studio paired with the subwoofer it’s still just slightly louder than my echo	2	August 12, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Would be a better product if it paired with the Show 15"".  It only pairs with the sub and smaller echoes.  Was hoping to replace old speakers with this product but will probably just keep everything setup."	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I placed this on a tall counter - above the backsplash to my kitchen sink - and so can't see the blue light on top that indicates the device is listening, muted, etc. Bad design on the part of Amazon, and they should warn folks about this in their product listing. The unit is heavy! And much bigger than I expected. But it does put out better sound than my portable Bose Bluetooth speaker, which it can also control. I wish it had better hearing from any distance, as I feel that I need to be within about 15 feet for it to respond to a request. The aesthetic is rather bland and pedestrian - if this were designed by Apple it would look a whole lot more like something you are happy to have displayed in the house. As it is...well, it is benignly ugly and does what you expect it to do.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I like the sound, very happy with it for the price.  What I do not like?  Playing music from Amazon or Pandora many times confuses the app and you have to restart it before it will respond.  Let the music play too long and then hit pause, 50% of the time this requires you swipe the app off and restart it.  Certainly not fun but the worst?  Alexa will make beeping noises every afternoon when left plugged in and despite having voice control off.  Nothing super long or loud but just a beep or two and if it happens once it will happen at least 3 times in the afternoon.  Very annoying especially since we have it set up in an office.  I had decided to replace tonight with something else but of course, today no beeps or required restarts making me second guess spending the money for a replacement speaker.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I've had the echo studio for almost 2 years.  I loved it so much I bought a 2nd one and paired them.  However starting about 1 month ago or so I started having 2 problems:  3D music plays at about 1/3 volume and music playback has pauses every couple minutes.  I had Amazon send me new (refurbished) studios and the problem persists, so it seems to be a software issue.  I did notice despite the studios being the closest object to the router in my house (about 15 ft direct line of sight) the 5ghz channel will show as a single bar - the 2.4Ghz will show as full bars but there is a lot of contention in 2.4ghz and almost none on 5Ghz.  Laptops at 2x the distance of the studios work just fine on the 5Ghz.  I am not sure what the issue is as it was completely solid, none of this pausing behavior or playing 3D songs super quietly, until recently.  After the problems started I also tried a new router and tried 4 different wifi channels, no difference (and I have 1ghz google fiber, so its not internet speed).	2	August 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I’m not unhappy with my Echo Studio units. I bought one for my house and one for my office. I’v had issues with getting seamless group pairing and I’ve had to start with a fresh installation several times with both units. A couple times, I’ll ask “Alexa, play the Blues” only to have the unit I’m talking to remain silent, while one of my other Alexa enabled units to start playing — sometimes units that aren’t even in the same zip code start playing.The 3D sound doesn’t work. I have a Studio that I wirelessly connect to my TV. It in no way “fills the room with sound.” You can tell you’re only hearing the sound from the side of the room where the Studio unit sits.The Alexa App for iPhone is very difficult to navigate and to logically walk through set up and operation.Voice Recognition is better than Siri, but not great.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Integration with home theatre not quite there yet. As a stand alone music source it’s fine. When using it to play sound from Sony or Samsung TV has frequent issues.	3	February 16, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Really wanted this to be as great as they say. Not so. If integrated with TV, you need it next to TV because it overrides your TV speaker and the sound come from wherever you placed the studio speaker. Sound kept cutting out on its own requiring reboot, resync over and over. And I have the new Amazon TV.Sound is good when working but doesn't fill the room as advertised. However, it's better than the Alexa Gen 1 and pods.Would suggest they allow TV speakers to operate in sync with studio for better sound quality.I can't recommend it. It's bugging and needs more work. Not ready for market.	1	October 12, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This speaker puts out some excellent sound from such a small package - when it decides to put out sound.Setup was easily as always with Amazon devices, and after a quick google I paired with a fire tv stick 4k. Now that it was ready to go, I wanted to try listening to music on it. Tell Alexa to play music ... nothing. Try again ... nothing. Try command I've used on my other Echo ... nothing. I went on the spotify app and selected play music to the Echo Studio, and finally, excellent, rich sound. 15 minutes of a playlist going, and then audio stops. Start music again from the spotify app, everything is great, until a few songs later and audio stops.I also connected a toslink from the TV to the Echo Studio line-in. Turn on the TV, and the Echo Studio switches to playing audio from the TV ... until it decides to stop playing all audio. I could not find any commands to get audio back up again. Turn off the TV and back on, and great, it's fixed, and 20 minutes later ... you get the picture.Alexa's voice also had a weird glitch where she would speak in a extremely slow stutter. Not all of the time, just randomly.The Echo studio produces clear, room filling sound with respectable base. If you're looking for stereo sound, get two, as a single just can't replicate a stereo set up.I would love to love it, but it is just not there yet. I hope Amazon can figure out these glitches as the Echo Studio is a great speaker at a good price.	2	November 17, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Speaker sounds good but if you like bass in your music I wouldn’t recommend this speaker even with the sub.	3	March 20, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"Definitely NOT the quality I was expecting; I was hoping for much more. Especially taking into consideration the size, weight, and the fact this cannot run off any sort of battery power because it has no but in battery, I was thoroughly unimpressed.I am no audiophile by any means, but for a speaker that usually runs around $200, I would at least expect it to hold up to the standards and qualities it advertises so much about.Some key examples where is was lacking were: surround sound or 3D sound of any kind, loudness, and clarity. It was slightly better than the tv speakers in my 65"" 4K base line thinQ LG tv, but it was still exceptionally obvious that the sound was coming from the left hand side where I put the device (it is too large to go in front of the TV or it will block the picture).In addition to this, I paid $680 about 2 years ago now for this TV. Considering its age and cost, I would assume this speaker would blow the internal TV speakers away, but they failed, horribly, to do so.The only time I could justify using this is for loud music for a party in a mid sized living room. Otherwise, it has no use to me.Maybe the 4th generation will have some great improvements, who knows."	2	October 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This speaker is a joke, when you speak a command it listens and then nothing. Playing music through the Amazon music app is no better, it lags in response time is ridiculous long. It should play music through the Amazon music app fast, but from the time I press the screen for the song to when it plays through the speaker is 30 seconds. Don't waste your time or money on this speaker, it's sad when companies put out devices that they know don't work but rather make money than make a good device.	1	October 22, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I am not a true audiophile, but I do like my music, and the sound from this speaker is fine for what I am looking for. I have multiple Echo devices, and this unit is a perfect compliment for whole house music at an inexpensive price (relatively). I mostly bought it to use as an inexpensive soundbar. The sound is perfect for the room I have it in, the issue is that the sound keeps cutting out every few minutes for a second or two, but I have yet to hear it cut out during commercials. I have searched the net, and this is a known issue for over a year, and I have yet to see it addressed properly. I have had the Studio for only two days, and I will check it more thoroughly, but may have to return it as I don't need and expensive Amazon Echo.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I really wanted to love this speaker. My father is an apple fanatic and praises his homepods, which I will admit have incredible sound. If they could integrate with Alexa or even plug into a Dot, I would have bought one in a heartbeat. I was hoping this would be on the same level, but alas it is not.While this is by far the best echo speaker you can buy, it's not quite up to snuff with the competition. Because I am so integrated in the Alexa ecosystem this speaker will remain with me, but I was somewhat disappointed when it first started playing. It is not very loud, the sound is a little washed out, and the bass leaves some to be desired. I am however impressed with how responsive Alexa is, even at high volumes. I'm guessing they could cram more microphones and it really shows.Overall, by far the best first party alexa speaker you can buy (I haven't had a chance to try sonos or any others). But at the end of the day, it is one step below some of the competition.	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Studio	We are returning the Studio.  Neither of us like it at all, for several reasons. First, it does not hear us or understand what we are saying and we speak ordinary plain English. I don't care to shout at my Alexa.  Second, the sound is better but not $200's worth.  Third, it integrated with the Fire Cube (which is also going back) and did almost nothing without repeated commands,  I don't want to shout at my TV either. Four, one cannot see the lights and that's just dumb design. This is my fourth Echo, and I thought I was stepping up to replace my big ole first generation, but I am truly sorry I tried. I do not recommend and figure we need to wait for another generation or two, especially one with a proper design.  I gave it a generous three stars, but I think it's a bad item, not yet ready for consumers who are familiar with Alexa and use it a lot.	3	July 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	If you plan on buying 2 of these speakers to listen in stereo, be aware that you cannot adjust the left-right balance.  You will need perfect placement to where you sit and listen.  If you are further to the right or left, you cannot adjust the volume independently on the further away speaker.  Any low to high quality stereo system has a balance control.  The response by customer service was to use a multi-room setup, set each speaker to mono and adjust the volume on both speakers seperately if you want to raise or lower the volume.This has been a BIG problem with many complaints which would require a simple patch to the software/app, yet, since 2019, they still haven't addressed the problem.In fact, customer service suggested unpairing then repairing to solve the problem.  Can't get a much more clueless answer than that.  They had no clue what controls were even in the app (or what were not).independently, the sound quality is good, it is a solid speaker.If they will fix that very easy issue, I would change my rating to five stars, until then, it will remain at one.The sound quality star rating will also increase when this issue is fixed.	1	April 14, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Disappointed with the sound output!Some trouble setting up! Overall I hope they improve the quality! Not worth what I paid!	3	March 8, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Based on the size, weight, and price of the Echo Studio, I was very disappointed in the sound quality. It was purchased to provide more bass than the Echo Plus. While there was a bit more bass, the overall sound was disappointing. Turning up the volume (to increase the bass output) resulted in a somewhat shrill sound. At twice the price, size, and weight of the Echo Plus, I was expecting much better sound.I purchased instead the Echo Subwoofer and it provided the sound quality I was looking for. Very pleased with that combination.	3	August 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I purchased this to pair with my Fire TV to create a home theater system. The product description clearly states this is doable and in fact links to step-by-step instructions for doing so. I carefully followed the setup instructions but I could not get the sub to produce any sound. Finally called support and they got the sub to work by unpairing the studio and the sub from the Fire TV. The rep I spoke to advised me the sub will not work if paired with a Fire TV in the home theater configuration (even though there is an option in the Alexa app to do so).  Very disgusted. Returning this item.	1	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Voice recognition and sound quality is great.  It was so great I decided to buy a second Amazon Echo Studio.  My delivery showed up and I raced downstairs like a kid at Christmas. I Opened the box and took the speaker out of it’s nice presentation bag.  Plugged it in and created a home living room group.  Threw on some dirty bird house music which has very good low end and through Spotify they were bumping!  It wasn’t until later that I open up one of my DJ apps on my iPad Pro and try to connect them both through YouTube that I realized I made a mistake.  There’s no way to pair or daisychain these off of Bluetooth they will only play out of the Alexa app or through a fire stick.  I think I'm going to do is buy a dongle with a HDMI out and use a fire stick.  Currently that HDMI out is going to a big screen for visuals but we'll figure it out at work around.	3	April 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Hi Everyone,I have comcast on gigabyte ethernet, and also have 2.4 ghz and 5.0 ghz WiFi. When watching anything on the TV, YouTube, Netflix, games... etc. There is a noticeable delay that doesn't seem to improve at all. It's like watching a bad voice dub. Because of the delay, it's just not a good investment for creating a ""Home Theater"" via the Alexa app.As a stand alone speaker without any video it's a nice speaker and the subwoofer is OK. The advert for saying this is good for a ""home theater w/ fire tv"" is just not true and will be a bad experience. If Amazon would like to prove me wrong and show me how to remove this horrid delay I'll post a video for an update.Best.Oscar"	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It's an ok device, but not that much better than the 2nd gen echo plus.Pros:-Like the other echos, it's all-around a great smarthome device.-Decent music compared to the smaller echos.-I can tell the audio quality has slightly more range than the echo plus and can be moderately louder than the plus.Cons:-Despite having more audio range the music doesn't actually sound that much better than an echo plus. This is not really acceptable when the device takes up twice the space. In some scenarios, the audio is worse. Disabling the sound enhancement feature helps the audio quality for most songs. I can tell it was updated at some point to work better, so you can leave it on now, but still needs more patching.-The Alexa voice level is under volumed compared to the music volume.-The ring at the top is slightly too high for proper visibility.-The microphone does not pick up commands as well as the echo plus that was located in the same spot. Not just when music is playing either.	3	April 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	We were very thrilled to try the new studio, so when the Studio announced that you could hear the great quality by asking Alexa to play the 3d music playlist, with my son in the room with me, imagine my shock when the very first thing I hear is Cardi B and her WAP or Wet A** P****Y song lyrics start echoing through the room! So many obscene words and I was so shocked that this is the first thing that Amazon wanted new owners to hear that I couldn't speak for a minute and had to pull the plug to make it stop. I am all for freedom of speech for artists and people to listen to what they want, but was not at all prepared for this to be the first song that Amazon plays from a playlist to highlight a new product. As a parent I was not at all ready. Please correct this!	3	October 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I had high hopes for this. It replaced a gen 2 echo in the main living area of our place.I knew it wouldn’t be as good as my home theatre system. I knew it wouldn’t be good as the car audio systems I installed years and years ago. But what disappointed me is that it wasn’t much better than the gen 2 echo.It is better. But not by enough to justify the price. Maybe I’m being too hard on it. I played with the settings for quite some time. Never got it where I wanted it.3D audio I can’t speak on, too much. I tried it, and didn't notice much of a difference. Seemed like a gimmick.I bought on Prime Day and got a deal on it. If you’re going to buy it, I suggest you do the same. It’s just okay. Nothing too special.	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I just initiated my 2nd Echo Studio factory reset and figured it was time I spoke my mind about this product.  I was truly excited to get one of these.  I own an array of Echo products including 2 Echo shows, a 1st generation Echo and an echo dot.  I live in a semi-smart home (mostly lights) and while this isn't my number one hobby, I'd like to think than I'm an enthusiast.  But, Sadly, this device, or at least my particular unit, is a lemon.  Most recently 'she' lost connection to the internet.  I tried restarting a few times but that didn't help.  This is a pretty regular occurrence, but usually a reboot fixes it.  Music playback can also be problematic.  This device is in my bedroom, my wife and like to enhance our intimate encounters with a little music.  Well, let me tell you, nothing really sets the mood like random playback failures.  A change in mid song, or long delays between tracks can be very distracting.  I would be more forgiving if this where through Spodify, but I subscribed to Amazon's Music streaming service just so I could take advantage of the Atmos feature.  To be clear, when it works, it's great.  But more often than not, there is something buggy happening.	2	November 1, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought an echo studio to create a home theater with all my echo speakers as surround and I'm deeply disappointed.  I have been an Echo person and I set up my home so all my device are alexa-connected. However, this time around im not happy. Sound is okay but would've been better IWith more speakers. Why wouldn't you update your system so you can connect all these devices to play as surround speakers. Why can I play multi-room music but cannot do it when I watch on my fire tv? You have to buy another echo studio or sub to do it. It's frustrating! I know you have to sell the echo studio and sub but for all of us who owns several echo devices this shouldn't be an issue. Sonos, Bose and Polks system are able to do it. If I have known that echo studio is a lame duck system then I would've bought sonos.	3	September 3, 2020	1
Echo Studio	We have had this for like 4 months its amazing sound... But for some reason I needed a extra cord that doesnt come with it to hook it up to our brandnew 4k tv shame on Amazon then on top of that... The sound dissapears all the time forcing me to get up from my seat... Unplug it and plug it back in very frustrating having to to do this several times a week if not more... It was alot of money for it to come without the ability to hookup via blutooth or at least come with the damh cord u need to hook it up to the tv the reason why I gave it as many stars is the sound is better than anything u can buy out there its amazing sound I may buy a second one just for that movie theater feel ... Even tho u need a cord for it. Amazon please fix this ... I guess u dont need a cord if have a fire tv ... Didnt know that update got it it hooked up to fire tv stick and still has problems sounds drops all the time and it stops working and we have to reboot the internet all the time its annoying we bought the subwoofer and another echo for the full effect $600. I could have got something better I think	2	October 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was buying this Echo Studio for two purposes: 1. For the sound 2. To become my first smart home hub. On the first, it has a promising result. I like the clear sound and decent bass that come up out of it. I have a good size room and it filled the room easily. On the smart hub, Echo Studio is not that great. I connected about 15 switches and lights around the house. I had issues with some of them losing connectivity despite that the Zigbee mesh should cover the entire house. At times, the routines just wont work and I had to restart the Echo to make it work again. The same with the lights and switches that at times work and then just stop working until I restart the Echo Studio. It was annoying since we are not talking about 100 Zigbee devices and just a few of those.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This unit is a very good value since it incorporates the ZigBee Hub.  I purchased the Echo Studio since I decided to begin a project of automating my house.  With one exception (the C by GE product), all the best of breed that I purchased worked great with Alexa.I have two complaints, one I knew from another owner.  The low end sounds contrived.  This is to be expected since the are faking the base with a relatively small woofer.  This is the small shortcoming I noticed.  Not a deal breaker but it would be nice...My biggest complaint is that Alexa in an Echo Studio is a bit hard of hearing.  I have to speak very loudly in order to execute the command.  My Echo Plus, Echo, Echo Dot and Echo Show are acceptably sensitive to inputs.Other than that, it is doing the job.  It is so cool to automate your house.	3	July 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	From the outside, I had multiple issues with the studio connectivity. First, the music streamed from Amazon music would periodically reset midway through the song. Amazon technicians were unable to fix this problem. Then, after I cancel the return of one ott decided to keep it, Amazon turned off my connection anyway, leaving me with a useless piece of hardware. I asked how I could return it, but I was told that I had to find some other way to dispose of it.	2	May 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought two of these on Prime Day because I just upgraded my internet and my old SONOS system doesn't work on 5G (SONOS has really dropped the ball on that). The ECHO Studio speakers were super easy to setup and instantly recognized my personal music files on Amazon. However, since I've had a SONOS system for about 10 years, the sound quality on the ECHO Studio is so extremely poor compared to the SONOS. I'm only being generous with the three stars because the setup was super easy. Amazon could really do audiophiles a favor by creating a better quality speaker. I'm holding on to my old SONOS system, hoping that SONOS fixes their 5G problem.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	This product is excellent in many respects. Everything most people would want to do with it it does very well. There are some caveats however: with Bluetooth the speaker volume is very low so you have to pretty much crank it up to max to stream audio from your devices to it. This means when you use Alexa it’s way too loud. There needs to be better control over various inputs as far as volume goes. Then the most disappointing: I wanted to use it for my television since it has optical audio in. I though great! Issue is that the lag time for the optical audio is ridiculous. You can’t watch movies or tv with it as the Audio source because of the delay. I’ve never seen a delay like this with optical audio and I am kind of irritated. If it’s paired with amazon’s products for streaming the software handles the delay but if you are using anything else you pretty much can’t use this for your television.	3	May 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I was so looking forward to the Echo Studio - but the Fire Cube (1st gen) and Echo Studio do not work well together.  Particularly with Hulu Live and YouTube.  Phooey  - Sound is out of sync - video is stuttered.  Happens all the time.  Does not happen with FireStick4k on another TV - same network.  Excellent internet speed.  No way to say - FIX IT to the system between the two.  I have removed cache and restarted apps - but the symptoms return or persist.  I liked the Cube - the Studio has been a tragedy.  I don't know what I will do now.Update:  Amazon Customer Service contacted to to address the issue.  I had disconnected to product from power and Alexa.  Service wanted to get logs of problem.  Reinstalled and the problem has not returned for Hulu and YouTube.  Service would like the logs if the problem reappears.  (Could be connected to which mesh network node is being used by Cube and by Studio - supposition).	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This speaker has been great for listening to music. Easy to link my Spotify account and has good sound. If you were me and bought the Fire TV Stick HD so that you could pair it with this speaker, you will most likely be disappointed. About every other day the speaker will stop working when watching streaming content. Usually, right in the middle of a movie so it can be as annoying and disruptive as possible. Only solution I've found to work is to unplug and unpair then set it all back up again. It doesn't always work the first round and might get an error when trying to set up the home theater system. You'll have to go back to listening to music and wait while the studio tries to sort itself out. Guess what I'm doing while writing this review...	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I bought these for my apartment because I wanted to try something different than the Sonos I use in my actual home. These are great for alexa controls and voice assistant, however the sound stage falls quite short of a Sonos Play 1 speaker.Overall, I’m happy with them. I just think they should likely be a bit less expensive.	3	October 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	She will randomly adjust volume on her own.Usually louder than expected.I have to speak very specific to this one	3	February 15, 2022	1
Echo Studio	The Echo Studio is constantly messing up. Ask it to play a song, acknowledges and then nothing. Bought the Echo Sub that's supposed to easily pair, half the time when it does play a song, it only plays it out of the Sub and nothing from the Studio. Try getting help in chat and get asked the problem again after waiting 15 minutes and have already given details. Of course now it's too late to return as I think I'd rather have Google Home products. Would not recommend this, just buy a Bose or Sony Bluetooth speaker and get just as much out of it.	1	October 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Works great until you try to use a toslink cable or Bluetooth. Wanted to use for gaming but there is very distracting delay when using a toslink cable or bluetooth	3	January 15, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I was excited to purchase the studio. I had been eye balling it for some time.  When I decided to buy it, I had to drive across town for the only black one listed.While I'm happy with the little dynamite product, the sound is amazing for such a small unit, it is a bit heavy.I'm also disappointed that it requires wifi connection to work.  That's my fault, I should have figured being an alexa product, it requires wifi.I was excited to take this amazing little speaker to lakes and river outings and bbqs. But unless theres wifi, it wont happen.I was thinking it was the regular plug, charge and play bluetooth connection. Not so.So now ya know.	3	June 4, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"So incredibly disappointed! Purchased two Echo Studios to ""stereo"" with my Echo sub . . . Alexa only ""hears"" requests only half the time and usually gets the ""request"" wrong! I had two Echoes (3rd gen) prior to owning these (traded them in to purchase these two P.o.S.), wish I hadn't, those were smart speakers, these Studios, are dumb as a box of hair! Yo, Amazon!? Did y'all rush the Studio, I think ya did . . . Completely lacking in excitement and quality - maybe I got two lemons but save your money and get two Echoes instead . . .The ring of acknowledgement light is on the tip top of the darn thing, not giving you a solid visual if she is responding or heard your request (again, which she'll probably get wrong) . . .PLUS! You cannot ""stereo"" pair a set of Studios via Bluetooth - it's one or the other - music will not play from both (in stereo) . . .AND!!! For the love of all things good and holy - stop with the up-selling and the effing commercials and the ""by the ways"" - I didn't purchase the darn thing to have you tell me ""by the way, there's a sale on school supplies"" - I am a single gay man with no kids! Read the room . . . ""Alexa? Play a Brandi Carlile Station"" ""Playing the music requested, by the way, with Amazon Unlimited you can blah blah blah"" Shut up and play the station I requested and do your effing job Alexa!!!The volume jumps are too large and extremely difficult to clean and dust . . . all-around, just bad design and a waste of money . . .Update (1 year later): Still hate them and wish I had not spent the money . . ."	1	May 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The studio speaker on its own is fantastic. It sounds great and looks nice but if you try to connect it to your other echo devices and create an everywhere group, only the echo that you placed the command on plays clearly and the others sound garbled and distorted. Again all play fine on their own but will not play smoothly on the everywhere group. I have made a call to Amazon for technical help and the person who answered could not help. They asked me to do all the usual things like reset each device. Nothing worked and she put in a ticket for me. Someone is supposed to call back within a few days!!  Anyone else experiencing this issue?? i have paid for 4 speakers that I cannot use together. I will update my post if /when issue is resolved.	3	November 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"I got the Echo Studio to put in my living room to replace the regular Echo there. I have some actually decent speakers nearby and wanted something nice. Ranking my speakers in order of quality, JBL MKII (stunning quality), Klipsch R-28F, HomePod (original), (some random Klipsch outdoor speakers), Echo Studio, Echo Gen 3, Echo Gen 2, Echo Gen 1. I played the FKA Twigs ""Two Weeks"" one the Echo Studio and thought it sounded empty, so I tried it on the Homepod. Sounded amazing on the Homepod. Tried the live version of ""Devil Like Me"" by RKS on the Studio and experienced the same thing when I then listened to it on the Homepod. The Homepod cost me $200 a few years ago, and this is what $200 gets you now. It's absolute garbage in quality. Don't get it unless you just need a louder Echo than the Echo Gen 3."	1	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I got mine at a local store because stuff from Amazon is used just as often as not.  Plus it saves $0 to shop online anymore.1)  The microphones are very subpar.  They seem to register the wake word very slowly or simple don't register it at all.  It's quite irritating.2)  The audio is adequate.  It's really heavy on the higher tones and even approaches what I call screeching.  The very basic equalizer helps a bit.  It's good with speech but music, other than soft background tunes, is just not anywhere near as good as an average set of real stereo speakers of around $200.I wish speakers would go back to true stereo and stuff.  All of these single unit deals, that virtualze stereo and spacial sound, just don't sound as good and the electronics seems to be crap.  They all seem to do it now though; Bose, Sennheiser, JBL ... yuk.	1	July 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It’s ok. Nothing special. For the price they should offer two of them for better sound. I can find a cheaper speaker that sound better	3	January 28, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"Lots of issues when synced with fire tv cube.-sometimes when using with tv, and a notification comes through or I ask Alexa a question, the tv sound stops playing when the notification is done playing.  I have to pause the tv program and restart it in order to get tv sound back.-sometimes tv programs on amazon prime will start to play in fast forward with the voice is at normal speed.-sometimes the tv program will be about 10 seconds off of the voice-sometimes when I turn the tv off or stop a tv program, the soundtrack of that tv program keeps playing until I shut the tv down or start a different program.  If I ask Alexa to ""stop,"" she wants to play some song with ""stop"" in the title.I have had the same fire cube for well over a year (2?) and never had any of these issues until I got the echo studio and synced it.Update 2.15.20 lowering from two to one star.all issues previously mentioned continuing.also, usually, when I am closest to the studio, it will not respond to my voice commands, instead, one of my other, further away devices respond.  When the device in the other room responds, I can hardly hear the response because it is so far away.  for example, this evening i was standing two feet from the studio, with the wake word, the echo dot upstairs responded.  the studio is the worst amazon device i have ever purchased.  Additionally, when I am in an area farther away from the studio, and use the wake word, instead of the closest device responding, the studio will respond.Update 3.27.20  Continue to have most of these problems, esp all problems with TV playback.  In addition, the Studio suddenly stopped working with Audible.  It simply ignores without any response any Audible requests.  This device is still overall a POS."	1	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I am such a massive echo and Alexa fan. I love my new fire tv Omni, but the echo studio I bought to go with it not so much. I could almost get over the price if I just wanted it for music and two echos didn’t sound pretty good for way less or if the home theater feature wasn’t the worst implementation ever.The worst thing is that if you use it for home theater it is almost impossible to control. For starters the tv doesn’t sure that you are turning it up at all. Plus no remotes other than your voice or the remote the tv comes with can even change it unlike literally any other alternative. Even Apple TV and home pods let’s me use other remotes and the fire tv Omni shows the volume just fine, so why not there own device?	1	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I work in the tech industry with Bluetooth Speakers, and was very impressed by the sound quality at this price point.  I also really like the Atmos 3D audio feature.  While it's not as good as a 10 speaker sound room, it does project multidimensional audio (best in a closed space) with good effect.The reason for only three starts is that my Echo Studio died suddenly after 15 months of use.  I know the warranty is only one year, but in my mind a consumer device should last at least three years and a failure less than two year is a poor reflection on the build quality of the product and on Amazon.	3	June 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It works, nothing great about it.	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Had been waiting a long time for this to finally arrive. Got it the day it was released. Was super excited that it arrived quickly. First thing you’ll notice is that is actually a very heavy speaker, bulky as well, if you compare it to the previous echo plus.Set up was simple enough through Alexa app. This speaker sounds great when is on full blast, but when you put it at a lower volume setting it disappoints. You can hear static, (kinda like a microphone when is on). When you turn it up it goes away. But I’m hoping that they can update it or somehow fix it. I really wanted to love this speaker, but was let down and I almost returned it right away but I figured I’d give it a shot for it to adapt to my room. Overall, the sound is crisp as it gets louder, and bass is great! That is one thing that this speaker has going on. The bass is awesome!  Hopefully there’s an update to get rid of static, otherwise I will be returning .	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Even with directions,  I have not been able to pair it up with my fire tv.	3	February 19, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"There's nothing like being yelled ""PLAYING FROM BEDROOM"" every time I turn on my tv, all because it's paid to my echo studio, I have searched a number of times of how to disable this annoyance or even affect it's specific volume with no luck. And otherwise perfectly useful Amazon product is rendered into hateful product because a team of engineers didn't test it in real life use. I've seen complaints about this going back to 2017! 5 Years and no one has decided to rectify this, Be forewarned that if you buy this product and set it to max volume on device so you can control the full volume spectrum with your connected device, you will have to live with this speaker yelling at you every time you reconnect to it."	1	September 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound this thing puts out is pretty good to be honest. I was super stoked when we set it up, and I heard the sound it created. But then the endless technical glitches started. Hours of text support calls (literally) with Amazon's painfully terrible outsourced technical team were enough to put me over the edge. I even bought a new 4k Firestick hoping that would help fix things but NOPE! Sending this overpriced technical disaster back to Amazon, so they can put it in the garbage heap it belongs in.	1	October 11, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This device does not support my Fire TV which is why it was purchased.	3	February 24, 2022	1
Echo Studio	I was hoping for room-filling sound with range and volume but left disappointed given the size and sturdy feel of this Echo device. For my ears, and I’m no audiophile, I feel that I get something more pleasing out of the Echo 3rd gen. I was incredibly surprised by this but when I realized I didn’t like what I was hearing out of the Studio, I replaced it with the Echo 3rd gen and was pleased. Would the sound be rounded out and more full with the Echo sub? Probably. But if I’m going to have an Echo sub to accompany my Echo Studio, why not just get the Echo and add a sub? I am sad that the Studio didn’t blow me away. I’ve compared it to a Sonos One and at the price, the Sonos One out performs the Studio in my opinion. In the end, the Studio probably more accurately reproduces audio compared to the Echo, but it’s all about function for me and the Echo suits my fancy and happens to be considerably less expensive.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I just got it today. Right away I can tell you it's very heavy and we'll made! The sound I thought would be better but saying that, it's better than a bosewave radio. I did find the aduio stopped on its own once. Overall it's worth upgrading from the echo secound Gen. I'm going to still pair with the sub because the bass could be better but I'm a audio nerd.Update! .....Second day of using it now. I'm disappointed in the sound quality I think my echo 2nd Gen sounds just as good, I really don't hear much difference in sound quality for example treble mid and bass but the sound is louder. I would wait until they come out with the 2nd Gen on this. I'm actually pissed off! I waited over a month for this and it sounds no better than the echo 2nd Gen.Update after a few weeks of use. Not worth it! If you have the echo 2nd generation don't upgrade the sound quality is not any better I think it's actually worse!	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality could be better!	3	March 22, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Likes: Sounds good, looks sleek, does 3D/Atmos audio.Dislikes: Very simplistic and outdated bluetooth support, no support for LDAC or APTX. Anything listened to via bluetooth will sound blah at best. Very poor handling of aux/optical in. The unit can not be switched manually and will freeze up completely if a cable is left in. Incredibly annoying given that bluetooth isn't a good option either.Summary: If you plan to never use this speaker with a HD Audio source such as a phone, tv, dac etc and only plan to use it for Alexa/Amazon Music and other built in functionality its a good product. If you want to use your phone or other device with a cable and with no loss of fidelity or via a modern decent sounding bluetooth codec look for something else such as Sonos or other brands.	3	October 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"I have 4 of these I received as a present because I thought they would be great. They suck. Don't bother. Go buy a SONOS or BOSE soundbar for the same price (possibly with a subwoofer included and any voice assistant integration you like.) The ALEXA app is garbage for this and all other smart home things. Whoever is in charge should fire whoever was involved in the APP, integration, and design of these things. I am a musician, audiophile, techy, nerd, geek, jack of all trades and whatever else you want to call me. Point is that I am very good with electronics and tech. I have it synced with the NEWEST EVERYTHING. FIRESTICK 4K, best NETGEAR router and the thing drops audio ALL THE TIME. The microwave will obviously interfere and basically cause it to shut down and need a restart. Your phones WIFI and BLUETOOTH will do the same. As well as any laptops, tablets or ANYTHING in the immediate vicinity that is on the 2.4 or 5 GHZ networks. THIS UNIT SHOULD BE DISCONTINUED AND NEVER BROUGHT BACK. Leave high end audio to experts or hire some.P.S. The power cord it comes with gets you no distance, unless you have outlets every 4 feet in your house. And the max volume would have a mouse asking you, ""what did they just say?"" while watching anything.That's it for my rant. It does not deserve anywhere near 4 stars."	1	October 29, 2021	0
Echo Studio	These speakers disconnect from our echo cube regularly (we have the latest cube that's out). If I have to reboot the cube, if we lose internet service, if I have to reboot my router or just because they feel like it they disconnects and there is no sound. The sound is great when they work but to get them reconnected is not an easy feat. I've called Amazon for help a couple of times and the last person walked me through several steps which took over an hour and then we got disconnected. Not to mention that I had to speak with two agents before this final agent. No call back after we got disconnected but I figured it out myself 10 minutes later. This happens so often it's frustrating. Current only one of our two Echo Studios is connected because one of them refuses to show as an available speaker even though it's on the same wifi. I have them since April so I have given them a fair chance. Now let's see if I can return them.	2	August 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"I currently own 4 echo Studios and 2 echo subs that are configured in two rooms (2xstudio's and 1x sub in each room).  When the system is configured as a ""speaker pair"" (2xStudios and 1xsub), the system continually drops one speaker, suddenly stops playing, or has trouble starting.  This is the case with both configurations I have in my home.  I have called Amazon 5+ times on this issue with no resolution and unfortunately, the equipment is past the return policy.  They state it’s my network, but I have an Orbi Wi-Fi 6 mesh network with a high signal strength throughout the home and I don’t have any other issues on any of my other 8+ echo devices.  Recently I purchased a Sono's Move ($400) and this one item sounds much better than the three amazon devices combined which cost $530 and it is substantially more reliable.  Unfortunately, I am stuck with $1,060 of Amazon devices that are unreliable, and I just carry the Sono's Move around from room to room versus hoping the Echo studio pairs will work.  If you are looking for a budget standalone item this may be a good purchase, but if you are looking for a reliable speaker configuration this is not the correct choice.  Again, I love amazon and will continue to try all of their new products because I think overall, they are spectacular but this product when configured in a speaker pair is unreliable and of subpar quality for the cost."	1	July 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The product seems to have been used before. The box was opened and the contents were dirty upon arrival to my house. This was a birthday gift for my son, so I am disappointed about the poor appearance of the product.	2	July 8, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I've had this for about a month now and it is not impressive. The smaller dots work better when it comes to voice recognition and reliability. If I have a power outage or I reset my router for any reason, I have to spend a few HOURS trying to get the studio to work again. Yesterday I finally got it set up again after I had to turn off power for a home project. It took two attempts at resetting it before the app recognized the studio again, and then it recognized it as a SECOND studio and I couldn't get anything to work from the app to the studio.It also doesn't appear to pick up voice commands as well as the dots and flexes. I can stand beside it and ask for something, and my dot or flex in other rooms respond while this doesn't acknowledge that I've asked something of it.Finally, the Alexa app for Android is sloooooooow. Any actions have a long lah time between the request and the output, and the app itself is sluggish.The sound is certainly better than the dot, etc., but it's not worth the hassle to get it working.	2	January 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I am surprised given the price and the weight of this speaker that it doesn't sound better.  Initial setup is easy compared to previous generation Echos, and the voice recognition even at high volume is great.  But speaking of high volume, it doesn't get very loud considering its size and weight.  I have smaller Bluetooth speakers that cost half as much that are louder, although with a bit less bass.  There is a very rudimentary equalizer in the Alexa app that allows you to adjust the sound; overall I would say the sound quality is pretty good, not great.  I plan to keep it because it mostly serves the purpose, but if you buy it, do not expect to be wowed.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I ordered 2 of these to start a home theatre set up.  The sub was on backorder so I thought I'd get these 2 speakers first.  I had a lot of issues trying to get theses to sync with my fire cube, my Alexa app could not recognize one of the speakers no matter what I tried.  All my devices were connected on the same network and despite all this it never synced.  I deleted and re-started all my devices, reset my modem and router multiple times and it kept saying one of my Studios was offline.After restarting and restoring all my devices 3 times I was finally able to sync them.  I watched some Amazon prime content and I was very disappointed.  The sound was not as crisp as I wanted and it felt it needed a center speaker.  I bought this in hopes of replacing a sound bar but my old Definitive Audio sound bar blew these away.  Sadly, these went back to Amazon the same day.  Connection issues is a major downfall for me and sound quality for me is not as good as what some of the reviewers are raving about.	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I love the Echo Studios. I have two paired with the echo sub to provide a mini home theater sound. I will be upfront with those who are really seeking a true AMC-style sound system, this is not it. But you should know that because you are investing significantly less for something that comes just short. The voice recognition is great too. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is that the connectivity for the speakers working together only works if you are using Amazon products. A petty reason to drop the rating because they are in direct competition with Apple's Homepod which presents the same restrictions. My father has the two Homepods and it is nice being that we have an Apple Music family plan. But in terms of overall price the echo studios plus sub comes in around the same price as two homepods with no sub and Amazon Music comes with prime.Update: There are constant pairing issues. When it works I love the system because it provides good sound. However, almost every time I turn everything on and get ready to watch a movie, I have connection issues. See the video, the connection issues don’t even make sense because you can clearly see that I can connect to the speakers individually but not as a group, which is the entire premise of the home theater set up. It’s very frustrating."	2	March 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"One of the main issues with this speaker is that you cannot connect it to a PC via Bluetooth without it constantly saying outloud ""CONNECTED TO ___'S PC"" after every few moments of being idle.Yes, it sounds great in terms of quality, but this annoying notification that cannot be turned off is a deal breaker...especially when you work late and have a baby sleeping nearby. Alexa needs to be unplugged every night so it stops notifying me it's connected to my PC. Even when the volume is at the lowest setting, the notification is at normal volume. This is such a major fail to be honest.When reaching out to Amazon for help, customer service suggested that I simply ""unplug for 30 seconds or restart"" or ""reset the device"". Clearly, these are not solutions.If you simply Google this issue, you will see message boards of people complaining without any solution to it. If somebody from the Alexa team sees this and has a solution, please reach out and I will remove this review."	2	August 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"I had hoped link my echo with this unit in my home. i have an open concept kitchen/living room configuration but found out that you can only pair 2 like devices ( echo-echo or studio-studio) additionally, if the studio in located higher than the height of your mouth, the voice recognition isn't very good. I had it on a shelf at about 6 ft and I'm 5'10"" so often he Built in Alexa can't ""hear"" me unless I talk very loudly to it. All that being said, it is still a decent Alexa and can play fairly loudly.  I just think I could have bought a second echo for $40 and been able to pair them and saved myself $190. oh well....."	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I may end up liking this 5 stars eventually, but not now.  The sound is very good.  I was using the  Echo.  There is one problem I have not solved.......  when I have Amazon music stations playing, it will play for a while... then all of a sudden it makes horrible noises that continue.  I don't know how to describe it--- maybe like people talking or noises underwater.. and it is loud.  Garbled noises.  It looks nice. Bigger than I expected.  One other thing I do not like is I can't see the light on top like I could with the Echo.  I suspect the noise problem has something to do with the connection, but I have no wireless problems with my Echos, internet, or Roku TV.	3	November 3, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Too difficult to connect to internet.	3	March 11, 2022	1
Echo Studio	"Most of the features of this speaker are exceptional, notably the audio quality. However, it shares an attribute with all other Echo devices that is driving me nuts -- to the point that I may replace it. When I connect my phone to the speaker via Bluetooth, it will frequently tell me, ""Now connected to Galaxy S20 Ultra."" It does this when I'm on work Zoom calls. Worse, it does it at 3 a.m., jolting me out of sleep. All my research tells me there is no way to disable this. There have been hundreds of complaints about it in various forums, but Amazon does not seem to give a damn. It is a worthless notification. If you plan to connect your phone to this speaker by Bluetooth, pick another device. This will make you nuts."	2	December 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I got this as a gift for Christmas/birthday. I had heard it in a retail store and thought it sounded fantastic. My daughter asked what I wanted for holidays so casually mentioned the studio. I am heard of hearing and thought this might help me hearing as the original Echo I own at full volume does not hear my stop voice. I tried it with this and it worked. Still I feel I can hear the original Echo much better as I think it has better mids and treble. Yes I went in and adjusted the sounds still no better. Not happy. May just give it back to my daughter as she wanted to get one also but she spent the $ on me.Also Alexa the voice, can barely be heard when she/it answers my questions or makes announcements. I have none of these problems with the original Echo Betting it has a lot to do with my hearing or setup. Still no problems with original Echo I still own.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I was looking for a bass speaker actually to complete my home entertainment set-up with two ECHO 3rd Generation and a FireTV Stick. I had not seen the Subwoofer available for some time. There was nothing I saw advertised or warning about compatibility in the arrangement I described and based on reviews I had read about the sound I ordered. I was dissappointed when I discovered that I could not set it up with the configuration I was seeking. My room is small and I dont need extremely loud sound but was looking for a Sub for surround sound. So while the sound may be better than an echo 3rd Genb it did not meet my requirements for Surround sound Home Entertainment.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Poor quality for the line in aux. Overall it's a decent speaker system.  Doesn't have cordless WiFi capability.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Studio	This thing was great at first... Bought it to replace my sound bar. Had it hooked up to my TV via the toslink. Sounded beautiful for a while. Eventually it started making distorted noises and the signal would drop out. Thought maybe it was the cable so I got a new one. Unfortunately, the issue persisted. Contacted Amazon and they promptly said the port must be faulty and initiated an exchange. Just for SA, I took a look around to see if others were having similar issues and unfortunately I am in good company. It looks like this is a common problem. Hopefully the replacement solves the issue but I get the feeling that I may be playing the return game until I get stuck with it by the time the warranty runs out... So far I've had similar experiences with the Echo Show, the Echo Show 2nd generation, and now the Echo Studio... You would think I'd quit buying these faulty devices. Maybe it is time to step away from technology... Ultimately, I suppose I don't really need these things. It's crazy how convenience has such a pull on humanity. Anyhow, crossing my fingers.	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	So the studio is actually a great quality speaker for the price, HOWEVER I am now on my second one after getting the first one replaced and I am still having the same issue. The issue is that the speaker sound cracks heavily when connected to my phone especially with heavier bass songs,  however it sounds fine when I tell alexa to launch spotify via wifi within the unit. However you lose the ability to control it from your phone and have to give her voice commands to get specific songs or playlist to come up. I honestly think this speaker fills a nice gap in the alexa device ecosystem however i’m disappointed that it has an issue with one of the main reasons you would want this speaker. Will most likely return.	3	October 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	We, as a family, are HUGE echo/alexa fans.  You can barely walk around our house without finding ones.  Fire cube on the main tv, an echo in nearly every bedroom, kitchen, the main bath, etc.  We use the groups, etc. I thought it would be cool to upgrade the kitchen echo to the studio for the sound quality.  It’s where we spend the most time right?The first studio I ordered was a refurb and just would not connect.  No big deal, Amazon was great as always with returns.Next one connected but has just never been acceptably responsive.  The sound quality is great.  This thing is built like a tank and is BIG.  But we have interaction issues with this like we’ve had with NONE of the others.  Wont recognize voices, just shuts down mid command, or one of the other alexa devices a room away picks up our voice and takes over.I feel like they may have focused too much on the sound quality (success) at the expense of the voice recognition and core functions (fail).Hate to do it but I had to return it.	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Reading the reviews for Echo studio  and the specs - It states on the spec page that it is 330 watts.  This is definitely NOT the case.  You need to take this specification off of the spec [age.  Also, I do not know if it is a Studio issue or a Amazon issue, but I tried to have it play songs by artist Joe Friedman...Well it played 2 songs by Joe Friedman and then it started playing some random opera song.  I asked Alexa what it was playing and it said that ""No music was being played"".  It never did this until I got this device.  So there is some issue that is keeping me from using this device as it should work.  It does process faster than the smaller Alexa devices.  If I had to do this over, I would probably wait until they come out with the 2nd generation and see if it is any better."	3	January 24, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"We upgraded and even bought some Echo's to place around the house so we could use the ""play everywhere"" option. Unfortunately, now many of the songs we had been able to play are only available if we purchase Amazon unlimited music. Seems like I'm being punished for upgrading.Also, the voice command seems to misunderstand much more than the echo did.Sound is not bad, but was hoping it would really ""thump"". Maybe I should have purchased the Boise for the same price...."	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I'm not an audiophile but the sound on this is completely lacking. My echo plus sounds almost as good as this, if not better. And it's 4x bigger. For the size I expected to pack way more room filling sound and fore that sound to clear. If you turn it up too high it starts to crackle. Voice integration seems to be worst than all my other echo devices. It rarely picks up my voice, while my dot has no problem. Integration is ok, nothing special. Does what the others do. Hell id say get two echo plus and put them on opposite ends of the room and you'll get room filling sound, thats a 100x better than this. Gonna grab a Google max and see if thats any better.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	One month update: I've had the chance to listen to a pair of sonos one sl and I can confidently say there is no comparison.  The sonos are head and shoulders better where it counts: sound quality.  The studio is good and at least $100 cheaper,  but you get what you pay for.  My studio will get moved to a smaller space in the house. The sonos are taking center stage.Yes,  it sounds light years better than any other Amazon device I've heard. Calling it studio quality is a stretch. My biggest problem to date is that this echo device is worse than any other I've had at listening to my commands.  My oldest and cheapest echo dot is far better at hearing and understanding me over ambient noise.  It's a great sounding speaker,  but is it worth $200? I'm still on the fence. I'd like to compare it to another before I make my full decision.	3	January 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have many Echo devices even the original and the car echo.  I recently bought the Echo Studio to replace a 20 year old TV speaker on our old Vizio Plasma TV. Unfortunately for the Echo Studio, the 20 year old internal sound bar sounds better than the Echo Studio. I am not impressed for $199 or even $169.  I am trying to decide if I should keep it or return it.  I will probably keep since the voice recognition in the E Studio is very good.  Its really only an sub par average speaker.  It does appear that older speaker tech was and is much better than many new speaker.  Speaker is a 2 and voice recognition is a 4, so an average of 3.  Sorry Amazon this one is not as good as the Echo Plus for value.	3	June 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have had countless days where the Echo Studio is paired and working perfectly with my FireTV as a sound bar. Minutes later the audio and pairing between devices fail. It has started to happen daily. This thing is a damn expensive paper weight at this point. Can’t recommend due to poor, continuous performance.	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I am always amazed how companies choose to lose customers versus making things right.  I have had the Studio for over a year.  The studio is in a safe, secure dry area, it's never move, and worked without issue until recently.  Amazon obviously pushed out a new FW or some update, and now my Bluetooth no longer works, AKA pairs to either a JBL or Bose Speaker.  Both pair to other Amazon Alexa devices without issue and the Studio had no issue pairing with BT until only recently.  I called Amazon and after being on hold and going though multiple troubleshooting steps that  I had already tried, it is obvious the Studio is no longer working as far as Bluetooth goes.  Amazon offered me a 30% credit on the purchase of a new device but that does not address the issue with this Studio speaker, or the fact I must pay $170.00 to replace a year old speaker that is out of warranty.  I personally think the Studio has nice sound, but given my most recent experience with Amazon support I am moving away from their platform going forward.  When our Bose Soundbar had issues, Bose at least offered to repair their product for free. With Amazon we either spend $170.00 on a new studio or stick with a now broken BT stack.	1	November 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"It seems, at times, that this speaker could have good sound. But I purchased a brand new unit and had issues with it from day one. I was getting muffled and crackling sound, or sometimes no sound at all, from this speaker. All the while,, the paired echo sub is performing its duties perfectly (just without any help from the echo studio. I contacted customer support, hoping for an exchange, almost immediately. They walked me through the typical troubleshooting steps, which I performed, and I requested that they note our communication so I could have an easier time if (when) I contact them about it again. After a few more hours of use, the same exact problem arose. I contacted support again and, after a lengthy phone call, I had paid another $40 to skip the step of sending my speaker in and (maybe) getting it fixed. Well... my ""new"" speaker arrived today. Turns out I didn't get a new speaker to replace my new speaker that I purchased less than a month ago and have had nothing but problems with since day one. Now I'm $240.00 in on a used speaker that is hopefully better than the brand new one I had originally. I've purchased close to a dozen echo devices and never had these kind of issues before. It's hard to swallow a premium price when I feel I'm taking a big step down in quality."	1	October 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	You guys..... help me!I have a few echos throughout the house, from the plus to the show and the latest one is the Echo Studio. I’ve had the worst time with music streaming. I’ve upgraded to all the premium memberships. HD, family plan, unlimited we’re purchased because echos weren’t playing music in different rooms with the membership I had before. So I upgrade to the best so I can enjoy and it’s been so glitchy and totally not HD sounding. I’ve compared the same songs on amazon and Apple Music and Apple Music has the incredible clarity and rich defined sounds on several songs. Apple Music doesn’t even advertise “ultra hd” or whatever and their music is SOOOO much better.Unfortunately I’ve purchased so many echoes and smart home items that I will not return them all like I did last year.  This time around I’m having a horrible problem where my echoes play explicit songs bleeped! What actual f word????? AMAZON, really???? I have called tech support several times and they’ve guided to turn off the filter (not like I hadn’t done that a million times before) such a turn off, amazon! We pay extra for HD and sounds sub par, tired in several speakers and Apple Music sounds way better. And another thing is the false advertising. I’ve had several songs clearly indicating explicit and then the words are bleeped. I can’t 😔	2	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It's just ok..... not wow that sounds awesome just ok.  It really is about the same as my echo show speaker or any other decent blue tooth speaker.  I definitely DON'T recommend buying the sub woofer that goes with it because you can barely hear it.  The Alexa integration seems to work ok. And the voice recognition works most of the time at 8 outta 10 times. But the overall sound quality is most definitely average. Don't be excited like you're going to have this awesome crystal clear music that fills the room because it's more like a Bluetooth speaker.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Product was easy to setup and connect but I bought it to use with my fire tv and while the initial connection was easy every time I turned the tv off it wouldn’t play sound from tv or the studio the next time I turned on the tv.  It took a lot of manual prodding to get any sound from the echo but when you turned it off it would start all over the next time.  Then I wanted to just disconnect to hear the playoffs and the fire stick wouldn’t play sound through the tv at all no matter what I did. I finally had to reset it back to factory defaults.  This lost all my settings and passwords but at least I could hear the sound again.  I gave it one more shot  But same thing happened and when I could get it working for a while it would freeze the fire stick so that it wouldn’t respond to the remote and I had to disconnect the power to force it to restartOne more thing even when it was working the volume was very low I had to have to at 80 percent max just to hear the announcers  Overall have never been so disappointed by an Amazon product	1	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Good sound, the only bad thing about this is that i purchased 2 of them and have them synced, aometimes they just don't play the music at the same time, i don't know if its an product issue or some wifi issue(100mb internet with a repeater eight next to them).	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I purchased this Studio to replace a 2nd or 3rd gen Echo and Echo Sub. I expected to eliminate the need for the sub, altogether, and also expected the Studio to sound much better than the Echo, given the size, 3d audio, etc.Boy was I wrong. The Echo Studio did not impress right out of the box, like I thought it would. I have finally been able to pair the Echo Sub to the Studio (after trying for two days) but I am still disappointed by the lack of noticeable sound quality. I am contemplating returning the Studio, as the improvement in sound is negligee at best. I will continue using it over the next few days and decide.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound of the base is not full.	3	February 7, 2022	1
Echo Studio	The sound is FLAT.... With the equalizer adjusted all the way(which is a joke because there’s only three settings bass, mid range and treble) the sound is like a $25 blue tooth speaker you buy at Walmart.  I purchased 2 of these and now they are basically echo device.If you’re seriously considering getting this because you think it will be a 360 surroundsound experience or something of that nature you will be heavily disappointed.My problem is I bought these didn’t use them right away and once I started I only had a week to play with them. And now it’s too late to return them. I would rate the current value of each one of these devices at no more than $50 and the price is only that high because you can use them as a hub. Huge disappointment again. This was their second attempt at some cool surround sound with a Alexa hub I don’t know if anybody remembers the echo bass speaker, but that actually sounds better.Amazon makes a lot of good products,  This one though they got completely wrong again. Please Amazon if you decide to make another version of this have some of your quality control guys listen to the device before they sell it on the market. And if those guys don’t come out of that room after listening to the music with a smile on their face then you know you did not get the speaker right again. You’re supposed to hear music you’re supposed to feel music you’re supposed to feel the punch it’s supposed to excite you or calm you down not disappoint you. Just my opinion from some random guy decided to make a purchase	1	July 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I like the sound of this speaker, but since installing this, we have had the unusual problem of Amazon Music timing-out after one or two songs, consistently.  This Studio is the most recent Echo speaker we have installed.  We have an Echo, and three Echo Dots already installed throughout the house, and this problem of music timing-out has started occurring only since installing the Echo Studio.  Requesting Alexa to give us a reason has not produced anything useful.  Pandora and Sirius XM do not appear to have this same problem, so we have been connecting to those Skills instead.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought two Echo Studios to replace a mini-stereo system and at first they were great. However, for the last 3 plus weeks, the music stream continues to drop out again and again. Alexa tech support is aware of a problem with these speakers when paired in Stereo. 3 weeks and still no resolution to this issue. Think hard and long before you make the Stereo plunge with these speakers	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought 2 of these for the best sound and for the Atmos effects. Sound quality is really good, Atmos effect, so so. You can't be sitting anymore than 6 or 7 feet away from the speakers to get the full benefit of the Atmos effect. Bass is good and dialogue is good as well. I bought a fire TV cube in order to pair them as a home theater setup.What's annoying is that when you sit down to watch something, the sound doesn't always come up. You have to keep switching the program on and off until the sound finally comes through. Also, you can be watching a program and either 1 or both speakers will cut out for no reason at all (extremely annoying). It got so bad I finally replaced them with a sound bar with wireless subwoofer and rear speakers. A bit costly but MUCH better than having the sound turn off for no reason at all.I'd say this is a great concept but not really ready for prime time yet. I would have to say out of all the Echo products I've purchased, these were a big disappointment.	2	November 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I purchased an Echo Studio when they were first released in 2019. I was impressed with the sound. A few months ago, I decided to purchase another one so I could take advantage of the grouping feature or perhaps even pair them in stereo. I waited months for my 2nd Echo Studio to arrive. It was immediately obvious that it's inferior to the original in sound quality. I'm not sure if supply chain issues that caused the delay in shipping resulted in lesser quality components being used but the sound quality is noticeably different. Bass is not as rich, treble not as crisp. I put them side by side and a novice could easily tell. And the grouping and pairing feature is a complete joke. I created a group of just my 2 Echo Studio devices so I could stream holiday music on the first floor of our home. 99% of the time, it doesn't work. Often despite Alexa acknowledging she is playing music in my group, only one Echo actually plays. Literally once, maybe twice I got it to work and that was by selecting my group from the Alexa app on my phone after the voice command feature failed again. I will likely be returning this Echo Studio and go back to streaming to my home stereo over WiFi. Much more reliable.	1	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	i have called Amazon tech support at least a dozen times!  I give up trying to have the two studios as part of ANY music groups!!  When they are included in a group, they automatically make all of the speakers in the group cut out and stop playing.  When they (and the sub) are programmed as a home theater group, you can hear and see the lyrics on the screen for maybe the first line, then it automatically pauses, sometimes playing again, most times not.  After trying again, now the group without the studios in it started to malfunction, doing the same thing!  I find it hard to believe that tech support is not aware of this problem!  They claim to have never heard of it!!  I have put in enough calls for them to think there is a problem!  It is not my internet, it happened in California and it is happening in Nevada, get it together Amazon!  Rebooting them doesn't do a thing!  I was better off with one studio in a group, too bad I enjoy my music in stereo!!!!!!!! Don't buy unless you want to be endlessly frustrated!!!!!!!!	1	March 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I'm probably a market Amazon doesn't care about. I had a fair bit of uploaded music in my library before they removed that ability. My old echo was at least capable of playing that music, if I specified ""from my library"". This new one can't even manage that. Even if I'm able to convince it to play a song a actually own by using the app, and ask Alexa what song it's playing, then repeat that reply, it says it can't find that song. This pretty much defeats the purpose of a smart speaker. So I just have an expensive, high quality voice activated alarm clock."	1	August 31, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Overall, the sound of these speakers is quite nice, not audiophile, but very good.  However, I bought 2 of these speaker specifically to pair them with a Fire cube for a home theater type system.  This pairing has been an epic fail, thus the poor review.  Both speakers work less than 30% of the time.  The 30% of the time they do work together, the sound quality out of the mostly quiet speaker is choppy and crackly.  I have a Velop system, and thought Wifi might be the issue, so I moved one of the Velop towers to the same room, 15 feet away, with the Fire hardwired to the Velop.  The performance actually seemed to get worse if you can believe it.  I've given up the idea of having both Studios performing as a home theater type system.  I'll move the other studio to another room.  My research into the issues I've had are not unique, have not been corrected by Amazon.	2	June 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I mean, it sounds better than an echo dot but I'd hardly describe the sound as 'studio quality.' The bass is way too bloated and bleeds too heavily into the midrange. On top of that, the 3d/spatial audio just sounds confusing and incoherent. It just sounds like a bad equalizer setting and honestly the Sq was better with the spatial setting turned off. I really wanted to like this but in all honesty, the Sonos one and Google nest audio both much better with much more clarity.	2	February 28, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I have several Echos. Nearly one in each room for various reasons. However my Gen 2 standard Alexa sounds excellent. We wanted to add one to another room, so we decided to replace our Gen 2 with an Echo Gen 2 with a Studio. We were looking forward to the improved sound. To be clear this thing is MUCH bigger than a standard Echo, our old one was on the coffee table, this one had to be moved to a side table, it's big. Don't get me wrong, the sound is good, but I expected more bass, and much better sound to justify the double in price. I would say it's closer to a 25% improvement in sound. I would say with the size and sound, it's not worth the additional price.	3	August 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	First of all the sound quality is good, but it's not as impressive as I imagined. It's very sensitive to voice even far from it. However, this thing is really buggy.1. For some reason, when I use it as a Bluetooth speaker, I need to double the volume. Also the Bluetooth is really hard to connect. I often fail to connect my phone to it.2. I linked my Apple Music and sometimes it just wouldn't play the music.3. The multi-room thing doesn't work well. Some times only one Echo has sound and the other is just silent for a while.4. I also use Philips Hue Bridge to control my lights. Often I need to ask Alexa twice to turn on/off the lights (even though it says OK the first time)	3	July 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It does have a good sound, but I'm afraid I can't give it has high praise as others. I use to listen to music when it was analog and through JBL speakers. Nothing better (fidelity). Anyway, Alexa was not that smart. I keep having to have adjust volume between tracks. So I have to keep asking Alexa to either raise the volume or lower it. If anyone knows how to remedy this I will change my rating. Apart from the speaker, Alexa still needs a lot of work. I have her hooked up to my fire stick 4k and she still can't carry out some pretty basics commands on the apps I loaded, e.g. YouTube. I'm going to keep this only because I may have a party and it is loud. I may one day buy some JBL's again but for now I'll keep the studio.	3	April 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I wanted to replace my smart TV's wired soundbar with a wireless one and decided to give the Echo Studio a try. I bought an Echo Studio and a Fire Stick 4k.The TV/Fire Stick/Echo Studio setup was simple but the truth is the Echo Studio never really worked well. It simply won't stay connected and will go silent after 20 or 30 minutes.One month after the purchase I still haven't been able to watch a whole movie using the Echo Studio.And every time I turn on the TV, I need to use the Alexa app to unpair the Fire Stick and the Echo Studio and set it up again.  But again the connection will never last more than 20 or 30 minutes and I'll have to stop whatever we are watching, open the Alexa app on the phone, unpair the Echo Studio and do the setup again.I have tried factory resetting both the Fire stick and the Echo Studio a few times, but to no avail.I have other Echo devices at home and never had connection problems with them.My WiFi connection is very stable and there are not many other devices connected to it.I called Amazon Tech Support about the problem, again to no avail.The only way I could get the Echo Studio to work with my TV was through an optical cable, which is exactly why I bought the Echo Studio in the first place: to get rid of the wired connection.Bottom line is: I spent $250 to replace my wired soundbar with a wireless one and ended up with a soundbar that will only work when it's wired.	1	June 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Logically, one would think the movement from a first generation product to a fourth generation product would be better or welcomed. In terms of speed and performance, without a doubt, the product is head and shoulders better than the first generation Echo. Where it is not is the sound quality. I took the added step of pairing an Echo Sub to my new unit. Even with the added sub, I still consider the sound quality of the first gen Echo to be superior. Amazon, I believe could fix this through a more robust equalizer within the Alexa software.	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Mostly satisfied. Would have given a 5 star if alexa worked in my country, Nigeria.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Studio	It’s a decent speaker, and works just like other echoes, but the selling point for the extra $120 was to get that awesome sound during our movie watching.Here’s what you need to know, if you have a Fire TV Edition Television (Insignia, or Toshiba etc...) this will not give you the home theater experience. Also, if you connect your TV via optical cable, the TV remote control will not pair with the echo studio, so you won’t be able to adjust the volume with your remote. It’s got good sound, and I like listening to music on it, but home theatre on Fire TV editions is a big no-go.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I think the music sounds great. It's loud and clear with great bass for such a small speaker. My issue is Alexa's voice. I can hardly hear her. I've found no way to increase the volume of Alexa's voice anywhere, and googling it only gives instructions on increasing music volumes, not Alexa's voice volume. Music isn't an issue. It's her. Guess I'll live with it because the music at work is the main reason I bought it. It's just not functional as a smart speaker.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Not what I was expecting from this smart speaker. The integration is fine, but the voice recognition is twice as hard as the echo 4th generation to get Alexa to hear the wake word. When telling it to connect to TV, it hears phone and connects to phone and NOT TV.. I have to MANUALLY connect the echo studio to my TV. The sound is rattling sometimes at only volume 7 level.  I could hear the difference with Ultra HD (3D) with the two Echo Studios 4tg gen over the  Digital and HD digital tracks and I like the Dolby Atmos and Other.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	VERY DISAPPOINTED!  Amazon should be ashamed.The system sounds great BUT I constantly lose connection to my Amazon Fire TV 4k.I intended to use it as a speaker and created a Amazon “group” for my Amazon home theater (paired with my Amazon Fire TV 4k).  Amazon advertises that this is a function that is supported and I have had no issues doing the very same with other Echo devices.I have followed all the troubleshooting tips but consistently lose sound and/or my fire stick would randomly pause on its own.  I Googled other troubleshooting tips and found out this is a common problem and the only resolution is to not use it as a home theater speaker with Amazon Fire TV.After reading some of the reviews on Amazon I suspected the people having problems were not technically savvy and thought I would not have the same issues.OTHER MINOR ISSUES:Original shipment was canceled, by Amazon due to “damaged in transit”Second order/shipment arrived later than promised.The light on top is only visible from above and you cannot see if Alexa is responding if your line of sight is just slightly below the top edge.Buyer beware!	1	February 10, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I followed the setup directions and established a group as directed. That turned out well the sound of Echo studio and the woofer are outstanding I love the sound. Echo operates when I play from YouTube, but the woofer does not play with Echo it only operates with the Amazon music library. I hope you understand what I'm trying to explain.	2	April 10, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I trued your get the bass out of Alexa’s voice but I can’t it’s to basset when she talks	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Studio	too deep a bass that just overwhelmed the sound.Sound 'exactness' was lacking.Echo dot sounds better .size of the speaker  is really (too) big for a bedroomliked the ability to voice recognition	3	October 11, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I absolutely love my Echo Studio speakers... But as the caption said ""Almost perfect""The only issue I have with this along with every Alexa Echo is ""her"" constantly announcing where it's connected to via bluetooth at a very loud volume, all hours of the night or during Zoom meetings and online school. It is the most annoying thing ever and apparently customers have been begging Amazon for a firmware update to fix this issue but they have never cared to respond on the matter and for that I give this 3 stars. Not sure if they'll remove this review but it's just my honest 2 cents."	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It's bigger than I thought. The bass and treble, well it hits high highs and low lows, but the mid range is rather muddy. I imagine they can fix that with software after feedback encourages them.  3D sound is cool, but there is little content at this juncture. Only had it a day and my neighbors know I have it.It is by far the best sound device in the Echo series.I initially gave this 5 stars. Came back to give it 4 stars then while writing the part of the review below I changed it to three stars.After using it a bit the sound levels are so inconsistent that the unit requires constant attention.  Played songs by Maurice Ravel. It started with Bolero. I didn't hear anything until finally I heard the faint whispers of the song. So I said next song. Impressions de France came up loud and clear.This happened with multiple other songs. One song played, I adjusted the volume. The next song came on either a great deal louder or lower. This has happened several times.Update 10/28/2020Changed my review to 2 stars. My Echo dot in the bathroom, on the other side of the apartment understands me. But neither Echo Studio understands me that well. It is so inconsistent as a speaker system and voice control. Frustrating...	2	January 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought it originally for the home theater feature with my fire cube. As a standalone echo device to listen to music, the sound is great, but im not sure you need that much response to play music in the living/family room, i think a regular echo would do as good as a job. My issue is the sync with the fire cube is not good. It is clunky to sync voices with tv providers or movies. The sound is not as good than sound bar and subwoofer through the fire cube. I even bought optical cables hoping that would be better.SummaryAs stand alone its goodFor home theater needs a lot of work	3	November 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	i bought it to pair with my firestick 4k so i would have surround sound and hands free alexa. the audio works sometimes but theres about a 3 second delay between the audio and the video which drives me insane. it also liked to unpair a lot forcing me to go through the whole pairing process everytime i turned to my firestick	3	August 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Audio is slightly improved over the echo plus but I expected much better quality as some of the reviews compared this to higher end speakers.A heads up that even though it can come pre-setup — You’ll need to unpair and setup any zigbee devices again since they’re only tied to the selected Echo which is a lot of work if you have a lot of devices and routines setup.If it’s replacing an echo plus, it takes up not much more space but the power cord is a a few inches shorter if it was already stretched to be on a table or stand.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I got the Studio hooked up easily. about 3 months in it started to get what I call distortions every once in a while it would put out a loud screech. I thought this was a local event? But in Aug after the no return was up it started to tell me the device wasn't registered so looking in-app it all looked good still nothing then I had to discount it to get ready I was moving. I took it out in Nov to set it back up I can't get it to connect still not reg and won't connect to my WiFi reset to factory settings. I called the support he was reading from the manual did,t know anything was a total waste of time that's a whole hour of my life I wish I could get back! I can't find any kind of repair or exchange I like it when it works was great for the time it was under warranty if your smart get the extended warranty  IT KILLS ME NOT EVEN A YEAR OLD !  its a great paper weight .	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	We have four echo devices in our home.  The echo studio is the latest.  It does have solid sound.  My main issue with it is the number of volume settings.  I haven't counted, but it may be nine or ten levels.  The A/C comes on and we need to increase the volume.  It goes off and we need to drop it.  A half setting (3.5) would likely reduce that problem.  When you can't find the right volume level to begin with it just requires constant fiddling.  It is much larger than our echo and the black color is not pleasing.  The tiny volume buttons are black on black, so I never use them because they're impossible to see.	3	June 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I was really interested in this technology when I first read about it, so naturally got in line for one of the first units to ship.  I have five of these Echo speakers scattered about the house and yard but looking to complete my living room stereo system.  Sounded pretty good out of the box till I paired it with my Echo Plus and began to notice the obvious difference in sound quality in the upper range. The Studio Alexa voice has a distinctively tinny sound compared to the Echo Plus.  Strike one.  Strike two was the erratic response behavior...that one’s a little more subtle and a bit more difficult to pin down.  Not exactly sure why, but it seems to lag or sometimes didn’t respond at all.  Could not really detect any benefit to the 3D FX and the bass response isn’t all that great at lower volumes.  I already have the Echo Sub-Woofer which I HIGHLY recommend.  So, why do I need this thing?  UPDATE: I just added my new Echo Plus 3rd Gen to the living room stereo group and the quality is exceptional.  I already have my return ticket, the Echo Studio will be boxed and headed back tomorrow.  Let’s see, how many strikes is that...Ok, I lost track.  Anyway, Echo Studio. YOU’RE OUT!	2	December 2, 2019	0
Echo Studio	It has great sound. Needs to be rebooted frequently as it looses network connection to WiFi and other devices like Bluetooth lights.	3	November 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound good, but not a replacement for stero speakers and not for room larger than 12x12 ft	3	December 8, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Really poor quality. You ask Alexa to play a Playlist and it will just suddenly stop. If connected to a echo sub sometimes the studio just stops by continues playing through the sub. If connected to a home theater the sound breaks up often. When. It decides to work the sound is great. Save your money until Amazon works out the kinks. Too expensive for a speaker that does not operate at 100% I would return it but Amazon has horrible customer service anymore. Sad nobody cates about the customer.	1	August 31, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality should be alot better than it is. It is not much better than my echo 2. I would suggest that the alea app should include an Equalizer function for fine adjustments.	3	October 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality was not nearly as good as I expected for a $200 item. The standard Echo I had sounded almost as good as the “Studio” version - definitely consider this a disappointment.I ordered the sub at the same time, but it is on back order until the end of the month (July). Hopefully the sub will give the system the added depth and sound I was hoping for.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I wouldn't buy any echo device again.  I have 4, one is this model. All of them are very glitchy about when they work. Sometimes alexa says it will play music and then nothing happens,  mostly it plays something completely different than what you say. It's so frustrating to have purchased something that works so terribly.  It got worse and worse as time goes on, I've had almost 2 months now and my window to return is over. I do not recommend purchasing an echo device.	1	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I wanted to love the studio but it just didn’t work the way I needed it to. I had it paired up to my TV via optical/Toslink and this was alright but I couldn’t control the volume unless it was with voice commands. Not only that but it would have tons of white noise coming from the connection and I tried multiple different cables. So I decided to pair on home theater mode and it got even worse from there. The connection was fine and I could control the volume via the Fire tv remote but lip syncing issues began to occur. I couldn’t watch Twitch or YouTube. I could only watch Netflix and Prime video. I wanted to love the Echo studio so bad. The sounds it produced were so rich in bass, treble and etc. I read reviews from way earlier in the year talking about having the lip syncing issue. Which to me showed that there has been no support for the issue at all... so unfortunately I decided to return the product. If you’re going to listen to music it’s great but other than because of functionality you’re SOL.	2	September 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Other than the super deep base when listening to the Ultra HD music I dont hear much difference between this and my gen 3 echo. Not worth the money unless ur filling a huge space	3	September 29, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I love the concept, but the voice recognition could be better.  Sometimes I have say ""Alexa"" loud to get it to activate.  Also, sometimes groups or devices mysteriously can not be identified.  As a hub, be prepared to continously reconnect your devices.  Also, Alexa's searches are not as good as Googles. Sounds good when paired to my TV, but voices can be hard to hear over other sounds.  It might be better if paired with yet another Studio."	3	June 11, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Can not do stereo with other echo devices if you bluetooth to say your computer. Devices outside the echo studio connect stereo via wifi, not bluetooth. It will only be in a stereo mode (studio, 2 echos) if you play from amazon music or such. Not blueyoothed to anyother device like a computer. You cannot change the input to output like you can with the echo plus and echo. It is input only.  Amazon doesnt tell us these things, or at least any place I could find. Overall, I'm happy with the echo studio, just disappointed that the stereo setup will not work while the studio is blue toothed to a device such as a computer so i can play my own music.	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Lasted about 4 months and now music won't play.Had it paired to Alexa sub and after 4 mos only sub genrated sound when playing (Amazon) music.unpaired, rebooted Studio with no difference.Wa$ted	1	November 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It is a nice small unit that neatly stays out if the way. Alexa integration is challenging which is a surprise. Sound quality is poor--great in deep bass but almost nonexistent in the middle ranges!	2	June 14, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I've had this for a couple weeks now.  All  in all I would say it's good.  I just have a couple issues.  First, the sound quality is good but still lacks.  I realize it's a $200 speaker, but i was anticipating a little more.  The bass isn't quote what I was hoping for.Two, it's bluetooth or optical in for the inputs and it doesn't come with an optical in cable.Third, if you change inputs to bluetooth, you can't get back to the optical in to use it as a soundbar without either unplugging and plugging back in the cable or resetting the whole device.  I heard that was supposed to change, but they've been saying that for quite some time.	3	June 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Everyone's opinion is different.I purchased this thinking that this device would be a standalone device without needing an Echo Sub, but I was wrong. In order to get that nice thick & rich sound, it is absolutely necessary to pair your studio up with a sub, which means $$$.Echo 2 or 3 + Echo Sub ==> much better sound than Echo Studio.Echo Studio + Echo Sub is MUCH BETTER than Echo Studio.Echo Studio is better than Echo 3 - but not by much.The audio tuning for the Studio is weak, it's just like the other devices, you only get to adjust Treble, Midrange and Bass. When the Bass is set to max, I'm not getting much rumble out of the device.I was hoping for more.	3	April 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Looks good and sounds great for the price! BUT, it doesn't come in white and Alexa doesn't always answer questions correctly. (Especially when NOT speaking the Kings english) Finally, a bit disappointed in how difficult it is to get multiple devices to work together consistently and seamlessly. (If you have savvy teenagers you should be fine!)  I would recommend, but be prepared to practice patience.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Not really complaining about it. But I don’t think it’s worth the money at all. Having two other Alexa products. The last one being the echo. That only cost me $50. This cost basically $200 and I have to be honest, the only reason I bought it was for a better sound quality listening to music. Not much of a difference at all. Except it goes a little louder. Not really disappointed, but kind of Disappointed. Surroundsound? I don’t think so. I’m probably going to send it back. Everyone is different, but if you already have something like the echo. You’re not missing anything. I would stick with the echo.	3	October 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Speakers are phenomenal, but the pre-setup link really messed up the installation process.  I had to undo all the ""linking"" that was previously done prior to receiving the speakers and start from scratch to get them to integrate and communicate through my wifi.  It took multiple tries to link and then finally after more than an hour of frustration it was set up. I suggest you DON'T have this linked prior to receiving...it will save a lot of time and headaches!"	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound is fantastic but doesn’t live up to home theater use which is what I was looking for .after set up it will works  for awhile then cut out, needs to be set up again and again to get it to work , I use Verizon Fios  gigabyte package have more than enough bandwidth for these to work correctly. If you’re looking for a good stand alone these are great but it a nightmare when integrated with a firetv cube and sub and 2 studios	1	August 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	After only a year of use really this thing was a dud. Constantly could not play music, didn’t work on our every where group. For example I would say play blank artist everywhere all the others would play and not this one. Sometimes after awhile it would just stop working music all together and towards the very end it couldn’t even hear us if we asked it to turn on the alarm. I bought a new Alexa for this spot and hoping it will turn out better story, this was a waste of money, I wish I could return it since it’s obviously defective	2	December 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"I was expecting so much more from this""Studio"" thing. I waited from 22-Oct and really wanted this to knock it out of the park.  But the midrange and highs are only OK.  Not bad but . . . not great either.  So far the bass response of this unit is lack-luster and far from meeting my expectations.  It's big, it's heavy, and just like my first GF, it didn't put out the kick-ass sound I was looking for.  From a buying perspective,  I would wait for this product to mature a bit before pulling the trigger.  Who knows, possibly a FW update could clear-up the mids & highs, while keeping the presence real and loud?  I'd call this an Amazon ""Fail"" right from launch since so many little things seem to be in an unfinished state."	3	December 17, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Does not really live up to what was expected so a little dissapointed! Once installed, you need to pay a monthly fee for this and that to get any real benefit from and voice recognition usually does not recognize you when you ask it to do something for you. Does not integrate with home security system or heating - a/c thermostat.	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My Echo Dot had no problem pairing with my Samsung TV.  I changed to a Echo Studio and it can't find and/or tells me that the TV is not able to pair via blue tooth.  I guess I will just use the remote.	3	August 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I’m giving this three stars because mostly the aux audio is horrible! DO NOT USE THIS AS A SOUNDBAR! However, I would recommend use it as a Bluetooth connected device. It’s great to connect to phone, computer, but never to a TV. When connected via fiber optic the audio constantly drops. One second you hear sound next it drops. I even replaced the fiber optic connection - same thing! I was trying to avoid spending money on a sound bar because of the studio - but it worth having a reliable sound bar.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I do like this speakers. I have two of them paired with a sub. The problem is streaming music to them from Amazon Music. It often stops playing for no reason and today I haven’t been able to make it play without stoping for more than half a minute. Also, it may take quite a few seconds for any command to reach the speakers being that lowering the volume or switching to another song. You may also forget about rewinding of fast forwarding a track. It won’t work. You can use Bluetooth but that won’t give you music in both speakers and the sub. Just in one speaker. Just forget about getting a seamless experience every time. It won’t happen. Almost every time I use them there’s some issue with the streaming. I do have very fast internet. Additionally, to get a stereo experience with 2 Studios and the sub, you need a Amazon Music subscription or at least Amazon Prime. Not too happy.	2	March 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The audio cuts out when using it as a home theater speaker with a Fire TV.  It was going to be a great solution to the audio for my projector with Fire Stick TV.  However, I keep getting enough random audio drops to make it annoying.  The new router is sitting in the same room as the Fire TV and the Studio.  I don't know how to give it a better network.  My mesh network doesn't have a lot of optimization features.  I really don't want to have to set up a separate network just to get audio, but that looks like the only solution.	3	September 3, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality is better than my Echo, but not a lot.  The main problem is if I want to use them both to play music they not only don't integrate, but Alexa tries to sell me a $14.95/mo subscription to be able to stream simultaneously.  This may be compounded by the fact of having an Amazon TV cube in the same room.  And if I ask Alexa to do something I never know which one is going to reply.I'm considering returning the unit as it makes the Echo sort of useless even if I take it upstairs or to another room.	3	October 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Sound is ok.  It is better than Amazon's other options but it won't blow you away.  Stereo option while ""easy"" to set up did take multiple tries for it to work correctly.  I also had quite a bit of difficulty getting these to work as part of a multi room group.  I ended up having to delete all my groups and start from scratch after which it worked flawlessly.  I'm also taking a star away because Amazon still doesn't have a way for one to listen to music they already own on the multi-room group.  Paid apps exist to be able to play music you might have on your computer but it will only play over one speaker at a time which really limits the utility of this speaker ecosystem."	3	January 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I love the sound that comes from the studio, excellent.  Love the integration to other Alexa enabled devices, easy and works well.  I *really* don't like the fact that the studio is horrible at understanding my commands no matter how many time we move it around the room, recalibrate, etc.  I am seriously considering putting it in my small study and moving the echo dot into the living room but I give up beautiful sound/music ability.  I hope this is fixed in a newer revision of this expensive Alexa.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Nice product from amazon, well built hardware, setup was fast.  Sound quality is poor,  I am hoping this will change soon.As with other Echo devices you cannot Android Cast to the device.  You can only cast from the amazon music app, or use bluetooth.This really is a nice speaker.  The sound quality is poor because of the tone balancing software (equalizer) deficiencies.The device control software only has a three band EQ.  This ""studio"" device needs more refinement than 3 bands.  The stereo separation enhancement sounds unrealistic. I turned this off and it sounds much more natural.I ran the setup routine several times with the device in different locations.  It just sounds like a cheap boom box.I did do the setup calibration in its current location and ran it for several days beforeI wrote this review.This is just not that good with the current software.  I would not recommend it and I will not buy another one unless the software (setup calibration and/or echo control) gets much better.Had to get it from Best Buy with free overnight shipping, because of amazon delay on shipping, for some reason it would not arrive until December."	2	November 28, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I like the sound and quality of Echo Studio.  I especially like its ability to receive and output Amazon Unlimited HD/Ultra HD (none of the other Echos have this capability).  BUT, these is no option for directly connecting output from Echo Studio into an external stereo system.  The 3.5mm jack is strictly for input into Echo Studio.  I run Amazon Unlimited HD/Ultra  HD through a Sonus Connect device on another stereo system -- sounds great!  I was hoping to go with the Echo Studio for this system, but not possible.  The Echo Link is not an option either; its DAC is too limited and cannot process HD/Ultra HD.  So I returned my Echo Studio and will bite the $350-$400 bullet for a Sonus Connect or Sonus Port.  Expensive, but at least they work.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"I got the Sonos One for Christmas, but was really interested in the Studio so I bought one to put side by side.  On it's own it sounds great compared to previous Echos, but playing the same song right next to the Sonos One allows you to hear that it is not as clean/crisp.  It sounds kinda muffled.  I expected the lows to sound a lot better on this than the Sonos since it has a 5"" downward firing sub where the Sonos is just a single speaker.  Lows sound good  but not by much.The biggest disappointment is that even the microphones to invoke Alexa aren't as good as the Sonos or even my older Echo, not sure what's going on there.  I'll stick to the Sonos and send this one back."	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Returning.80% of the time connection with FIrestick is an issue.  Takes 3-5 minutes to fix it, usually with a Firestick restart (Maybe this should be a review of firestick instead).20% of the time device has issues with miscellaneous items - voice recognition, dropped network (I've checked the network ... it's fine).For something that's suppose to just work ... it's too much work with troubleshooting and reconnecting.	2	February 10, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"When it works, the sound is rally great.  However, the connection with FireTV drops twice a month and you need to redo the theater setup all over again.  The ""smart"" utilization/skills are still very limited. Please note that you will not be able to use when you miracast your training on your Peloton bike (only the sound but not the sound +tv) .  If you want to play with new technologies, it's a really fun speaker.  If you only want a speaker to work every time, then there's cheaper/better options."	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I'll start by saying I love the product and the sound quality.  Why the one-star rating then? Well simple, it doesn't work all the time.  When it does work it is a great entry-level Dobly Atmos speaker, however, it constantly cuts out has distortion issues, and plays music for a song or two at most.  I have it plugged into a 4K TV with the optic in and still get the distortion at least once a day which requires you to unplug the cord and plug it back in.  The speaker just cuts out from time to time and requires you to unplug the power and plug it back in.  I could understand if it worked with the music as that is Amazon's push for this speaker yet it refuses to play more than one or two songs at a time the sound just cuts off.  If Amazon can patch these issues as they seem to be firmware-based my rating will go to a five-star however in the current condition it is a one-star.*UPDATE 11/29/2020*  I unhooked this speaker about one month after I wrote the original review because it was just unusable for all the reasons I listed and ended up buying a soundbar instead.  It sat in my closet for a year and I decided to see if Amazon had patched it with a firmware update and maybe it works now, well it still does all the things listed above.  Mind you this is the replacement speaker Amazon sent me because the first one was doing this very thing.  Don't waste your money on this overpriced paperweight, get a soundbar you will be happier for it.*	1	January 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought this to replace my soundbar. It works fine with normal TV, but as soon as I attempt to stream Netflix, Amazon, HBOMax, Disney+ it begins dropping the sound every 3-5 seconds. If you pause the stream, it will oftentimes drop out of sync with the video, requiring you to backup few frames to try to get it to sync back up.The quality of the sound when playing straight from the Alexa is awesome. Unfortunately, I bought it for my TV where I consider it a failure.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The speaker was easy to connect to my network and my Alexa app but...  the sound quality is just ok and it often will not respond to commands.  It is frustrating when it plays the wrong music and when you ask it to stop it listens then continues playing.  I've had to unplug it to reset it a few times already.	2	February 25, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Good stuff:- great sound for the demo “best 3D music” playlist, simply amazingBad stuff (hopefully all related to software):- can’t be used as TV soundbar - audio delay is too big, compared on 2 different TVs with a Yamaha soundbar- sound quality is good but there is no substitution for a stereo pair unless you pay for AmazonMusic HD and have the speaker centered in front of you, didn’t work for me as it was blocking computer monitor or TV screen- in the middle of playing random playlist the sound suddenly gets garbled while being loud! It’s unacceptable, thinking about returning the echo studio if the issue isn’t fixed in a month time- Dolby atmos only supported with fire tv 4K stick, you can’t get it with AppleTV 4K. This feature seems to be useless for me.- equalizer settings don’t seem to change anything, I can get more treble or less midrangeI also own Echo for a year and it does not have any of the problem I described.	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought two of these. (For music you really need two speakers). With Amazon Music HD, the sound is good. But.....I still don't think it matches a traditional stereo setup with an amp/receiver powering passive speakers. What I wish Amazon would do with the HD service is offer an amp with the app integrated in. And with a DAC that can play the full 192/24 resolution for songs in that format. Power that through a pair of passive Klispch or Polk speakers and you might be in music heaven. You would get the best of both worlds: the hi fi sound of a traditional stereo with the convenience and cost effectiveness of music streaming. Come on Amazon......do it!	3	June 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	We have a number of Echo devices and were excited to add the Studio in our main living area and also use it to watch movies.The audio is great compared to all other Echo devices.The home theater feature is technically very exciting and connects seamlessly with the fire TV, too bad that sometimes audio skips and with some apps the audio is a few milliseconds delayed. The audio skipping made the feature unusable for movies. When you have this feature on if you play music say from Spotify, that also turns your TV on and plays Spotify from your fire TV. This is also unreliable as sometimes the fire tv doesn’t actually turn on OR it turns on but it doesn’t open the app.We even went to buy an optical cable and this also has two different issues a) you can only change the volume with your voice and b) audio is ALSO unreliable is it sometimes suddenly completely mutes and you have to unplug the cable and when you turn te TV or program off you get some sort of residual audio.Overall a disappointment that I hope a software update will fix.	2	April 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I ended up returning the Echo Studio because to my ears the sound quality was not quite on par with my Sonos One speaker. I was hoping to replace the Sonos with the Echo because of Sonos's sometimes glitchy software but the tradeoff in sound quality was not worth it to me. The Echo Studio does have stronger bass but the Sonos One has a richer, tighter, more refined sound - it is absolutely the better choice for listening to music. (I am an Amazon Prime HD music subscriber, and I spent a lot of time comparing these two speakers.) Also, the footprint of the Sonos One is also much smaller than the Echo Studio's, and it can be placed as close as one inch to a wall - the Echo must be placed at least six inches from a wall.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Studio	The wife and I have many devices from Amazon and we always said if they come out with a premium device we will buy it.  So we were happy to see this come available. I ordered it and it took about month to get it because of back orders. I was very excited to get it in our home and start streaming music. We play a lot of music here. We mostly play classic rock but it will go all over the place. We play everything.  This device sounds good but we really expected a bigger jump in sound and volume. The range is good but not there for us.  If this is your first device you will be blown away. Pair this with music unlimited.  For us we expected more room filling sound.	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Ok speaker overall. Will not stay connected when using as Home Theatre with Amazon Fire TV which I why I bought it. Sometimes it works, then it will stop. Getting it to work again is usually a hassle. I am sure there is a technical reason why like my wi-fi setup but everything else in my house works fine. Should not be this hard to keep stable.	3	June 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Maybe i have a defect one but after a year it randomly disconnects. Randomly gets stuck in some weird loop where the light is blue and no device can detect it or connect to it	1	October 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Setup was easy, sound good,  not great but better than the TV speakers.  A couple days after seeing it up it disconnected from the fire tv.  Took the attempt to re set it up.  Ok no big deal.  A week or so later,  it did it again.  Starting to get annoyed.  Now a week later it dies it again,  took 5 attempts to re-pair to the fire tv.  Think you need a software update.  This happens at the worse times too.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	We have Alexa units throughout our home, with this being our “anchor” unit in our main living area. Installation was easy. Sound is good. We’re having problems with this unit responding to commands. When we ask “her” something, we often get no response. So, we ask again a bit louder. Lots of times, an Alexa unit (typically a Dot) in another room will hear and answer. We call this unit our special needs Alexa. We’re pretty happy with the Alexa system overall- and when this unit “hears”, it responds fine. For the money, maybe another Echo would have been as good a fit.	3	October 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	La calidad de sonido es aceptable, nada más. Compré 2 Echo studio. En forma individual funciona bien. Integrados en stereo se bloquean y el Fire Stick 4K funciona mal. Los desconecté y volví a mi JBL 3.1.- No funciona con mi TV Sony 4K. Sólo lo pude usar con Spotify, pero uno sólo, dos echo studio juntos no funcionan.	2	March 14, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I like the unit but the speaker is not meant to be played loud. Mine crackles now at all volume levels. It’s under a year old but can’t figure out how to replace it. Frustrated with the support.	2	May 25, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Sound is pretty good for such a compact speaker system.  The only thing I can say is in the instructions it states:"" For best sound place at least 6 feet from any wall"".  Well, that is most impractical for just about any room.  Six feet from a wall is usually also six feet from any AC outlet.  I guess if you can re-arrange the furniture to place the unit on an end table at the end of a couch, you could probably manage to meet this requirement.  But other than that I would say it provides a good sound and is easy to install and is functional."	3	July 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	When these speakers are connected to a bass and a 4K Max fire stick, you have an ATMOS surround system that rivals most theaters.  It is that good. The only negative to this is that sometimes all the components don’t play well with each other.  Right now I am trying for about the tenth time to get the speakers working with the bass and the fire stick.  The technology is solid but the device communications seem to need some upgrading.  It’s really frustrating when you want to watch a movie and suddenly only the bass plays.  Grrr!This happens once a week.Update:  This is happening every day now.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.	1	June 17, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I think it plays music well, I'm no audiophile but it clear at high volume without pushing any channel to hard. Doesn't seem to hear to well though.	3	September 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I like it a lot, the sound is great but it has issues with connectivity, it will stop playing randomly	3	October 26, 2021	1
Echo Studio	When I bought this speakers in May they worked flawlessly with prime music!! But recently they are intermittent  pausing in the middle of song, skipping songs and this only happen with Prime music.Support hasn’t  been able to fix the issue and I’m really bothered be this.Hope they fix this because the time to return them has passed!!Buy the Sonus my brother has them and they work and sound much better.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The quality of the alexa functions are great, but listening to music is the issue. I have both sonos speakers and now the echo studio, i think the quality is in the sonos. I think if Amazon has an update to fix some issues, i think it would be a great speaker. If you use the studio for surround sound from your TV, most times the mouths are off quite a bit.Overall i would purchase a sonos speaker again just because of the quality and reputation they have.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Thought this would work well as a sound bar for my new LG TV, especially as it is Dolby Atmos capable. Loved the sound and considered ordering a second for stereo quality. However, I eventually noticed that the sound was not syncing with the lips while viewing TV. There is no setting available to tune lip syncing. This device connects to the TV through bluetooth (which causes a sound delay) or through an optic cable (which will not carry the Dolby Atmos effect). An HDMI connection would have been ideal, but it doesn't have one. As a music speaker I think it works well, and Alexa is very responsive, but not capable of substituting a sound bar. Returned, sadly.	3	April 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	DO NOT BUY THESE!!!! They don’t work. Ours keep clipping out and we have to reset them multiple times a day. Amazon customer service has gone downhill. They won’t fix them and they want to charge you to replace them. I bought a brand new one and have been trying to get it fixed for 4 months now. They said they could replace it with a refurbished one!!!  Amazon doesn’t care about you or their products. They want to charge you for returning them. DON’T BUY AMAZON PRODUCTS THEY ARE GARBAGE.	1	August 13, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I like the sound the speaker output but I don't like when I tell Alex to do something and she won't hear me or don't know what to do ) plus I got 2 echo studio and pair  them but I also purchase a echo dot 4 and when I say Alex they both answer and they cancel each other!!!!! It get really annoying 😒 but other then that it sound great 👍each dot 4 sound it okay  I got the one with a clock ⏰😌!!!	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I really thought this unit was going to knock my socks off, but it didn't. I does have good sound, much better than any other Echo I've owned, but it doesn't have the fantastic sound I read about or watched YouTube videos on. I've also noticed it doesn't seem to ""listen"" as well as the tower Echo I have, not sure if it has less mics or not, but I do have to repeat myself more that the other Echos I have. All in all a nice system, just not sure it's worth the expense."	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Average sound quality. Basically an Alexa device in a form factor that's just one of many. After over six months of using this device, I have experienced nothing outstanding or unique about the sound output that justifies this as a device worth buying over any other Alexa device. It's just more visible in the room. That's all.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have not been able to connect Studio to either of my TVs. I have a chair between me and Studio when I am in the kitchen. Studio can’t seem to hear me around the small obstacle. When I ask her to connect to devices I can’t get her to connect to either of my Samsung TVs. One has the new Echo Cube attached. So the integration into the Amazon family is terrible. It isn’t intuitive enough that I could send this to my parents as a gift and expect them to figure out how to best use the product. I can’t figure it out myself.  I worked at Amazon for a long while and this is not the kind of product that Bezos would have allowed us to release. If you launch a new product it should be at least 50% better in its capability from the previous products to follow the corporate model of their hiring practices.	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound is great when it's not dropping wifi.Ok I have two studios + sub the sound is great.The problem is wifi keeps dropping so when your listening to music on Amazon every 30 seconds to a minute the (R) speaker will drop out then the (L) will drop then both will come back on. This is constantly happening very disappointing. I have factery reset. Rebooted router changed from 2.4 to 5.0 channels doesn't help. Looks like this is all going back. What a pain in the neck. Going back to the 4th generation echo dots sounds not as good but they never dropped wifi.. Was really hoping to like the echo studios but they have a real problem whats up amazon you dropped the ball and the wifi on the echo studio	2	August 29, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was expecting to be blown away by the quality of sound from this speaker. I had it in the living room with my echo show 2nd gen. I like to have music going while we are doing things around the house. Turns out the sound from this alexa was only marginally better than my 2nd gen show. So for the price I just sent it back. I really wanted this to work, but the sound quality just wasn't there for me.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Few months in and having the most difficult time getting a true bluetooth connection. Trying to connect to an S10 and even though it says connected no audio comes through with Spotify and sound maxxed. Takes ~5 attempts to get it to work.That said when working sounds is nice and full. Compared to latest echo plus it fills the room a little better. Base is the biggest upgrade between the two.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	When the Fire Stick was paired the Echo Studio, the picture and sound would periodically freeze.  A call to the helpline was futile.  When I unpaired the Echo and Fire Stick, I had no problems with the the picture and sound when using the Fire Stick.  I do not know if this is peculiar to my setup, but it is very frustrating as the pairing function was one of the reasons I bought the Echo Studio.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My original echo dot has a more sensitive speaker for picking up voice recognition.	3	November 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The sound is great on this but it doesn’t seem top connect to the internet as well as the first generation echo nor does the voice recognition pick up well. We have it in our kitchen and use the timer function for cooking a lot - when trying to turn off the timer you often have to repeat yourself 4-5 times before the timer alarm Willa ctually turn off. This never happened with our first echo. The sound quality when it manages to play music is great through.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I would have rated it higher because the quality of sound is great, but dissatisfied with service. Paid $199, during shipment it dropped to $169. Was supposed to receive HD plan for a promo period, called and was told I didn’t have the right Amazon music plan, so there was no HD sample available. Customer Service person was New and had no clue of anything, kept being put on hold so she could talk to her supervisor with each question,shouldn’t just let me talk to them, to get the answers I called about, was on hold more than not.	3	September 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have had this Echo Studio for over a year now, it sounds amazingly great when it works. I tried to combine speakers (connect FireTv and Echo Studio) but it constantly disconnects. At first once a month. Now it’s weekly. I have went through two Echo Studios, switched internet service providers from optimum to fiber optics, even adding an extender. Here I am today having to reconnect my Echo Studio again, I am done with it. It is now a paper weight on my entertainment center - what a waste.	2	December 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	My previous Echo (which looked like a paper towel roll) had a remote control. It also answered queries in the same volume as it played music. AND I found a battery pack accessory (that looks like a hockey puck) that enabled the Echo to become mobile.So, to recap, the Studio has no remote control, no chance of cordless play and when you askk Alexa a question, the answer comes back at a much lower volume than the music playback.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I own 3 of these. Thought I would love them, but that hasn’t been the case. Frequently freeze-up or stop responding. Sometimes need more than just a power cycle to fix. Bluetooth is backwards; speaker pairs with source, not the typical way. The whole system is bug riddled, thought they would have fixed by now, it’s been a year. I own 9 different Amazon “echos”. You get what you pay for sadly and it’s a closed ecosystem.	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Disappointed in sound. I wasn't expected the sound of a high end system but this I am disappointed. It often sounds like tin. I have adjusted the settings.  There is a lot of bass if that what you're looking for but the midtones aren't very evident. For the money, I would look elsewhere if I had to do it again.I like the shape and size. The voice recognition works great. Easy to set up.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Studio	When music is at reasonable volume, Alexa is too quiet. When Alexa is at a reasonable volume, music is too loud. It has a lot of difficulty actually hearing people speak, such that I have to repeat myself several times or, especially for the women in the house, it never gets what they say right even after training.It does the job of an Echo fine when it does work, and the sound quality is better than other echos, but I don't think it's worth the price I paid for it all together.	3	October 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Updating again: After two years of a terrible audio experience, I am finally giving up. I went as far as replacing my modem and router because support suggested it was an internet speed issue. Every support gave different solutions, nothing works to make this work well with an Amazon Alexa Home Studio, nothing. Since the latest bout with support, the Studio no longer plays any audio from the TV, including home theatre and Bluetooth.Awful user experience. It was pretty easy to pair with FireTV (mind you it won’t pair with a Fire enabled television) but the Audio lag was horrendous.So I attempted to pair with my TV via Bluetooth. I swear the speaker tries to not pair with non Amazon devices. I lost connection a number of times. Really just an all around disappointing experience with this product.Additional update: I finally got past the audio skip, after resetting the device about four times. Since opening, I rest about once a week. Most recently it just completely stopped playing Audio as part of the Fire Home Theatre system.Final update: after two years of trying my absolute best to get this to work, home theatre is completely unusable. The echo studio doesn’t even have an optical input to connect to the TV like a normal sound bar would.Kinda messed that the keynote function of this is a total flop.	1	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I got it because of the great sound quality. As far as voice recognition goes... poor. For the price it is not worth it. Wait till Black Friday!	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Not as Loud as you think, if you have multiple devices and ask unit to play something it will play on another device unless you say studio, even if your speaking to the studio device ( I gave this unit a different name then the rest of my devices (echo). which is stupid. I am not hearing g Studio Quality either, it sounds better on my Rack stereo via Bluetooth. Then it's studio Quality.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I honestly cannot hear the difference between the studio’s sound quality and my normal echo tower. (Not the dot mind you, huge difference there)The light ring is almost impossible to see on the studio so you don’t know if she didn’t hear you, isn’t responding or the volume is just too low to hear her response so you end up repeating yourself a lot trying to get functions to happen. Overall not worth the money unless you’re a crazy audiophile and can detect minuscule differences in sound quality. For the average person, save your money and get a regular echo.	3	August 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I love the idea. Little tough to control the volume from Spotify I have to actually go into the Alexa app or talk to the speaker or walk to the speaker to click the button to control volume. Sometimes there’s a delay in the Alexa sub and the song from the speaker. For how big the speaker is I was expecting better sound from this especially with the sub. Sounds weird but the bass only really comes through when you have the volume low. The higher the sound is the less base there is. And the bass is not really good to begin with. The apple HomePod speakers has more base than the sub and Alexa speaker combined. The Alexa speaker is louder overall though just way less bass. Overall speaker quality doesn’t cut it. Don’t waste your money. I’ve never been so excited for a product yet so disappointed. Maybe someone else had a different experience	2	February 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound is great but periodically “drops” my Apple Music subscription - usually when it is totally inconvenient to go into my phone/the app and figure out how to reconnect. (And, of course, the App is far from intuitive - unlike the Apple biosphere where everything just works)	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought this to use as a soundbar in addition to speaker. The Bluetooth in this device SUCKS. Won’t connect and stay connected.Save your money if you intend using that way—it won’t work.	1	October 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The power cord is much too short to be of reasonable use. Plus the power cord would slip out of the unit disabling it (very unfortunate if the unit is your alarm clock).	2	May 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	These speakers continually disconnect while using. We bought two speakers and the subwoofer, formed a group with them, and have now fought with them for over a year. We wanted them to work, because when they are working right they sound great. They will not stay connected. They just randomly choose to disconnect themselves. An Amazon representative offered to refund my money for them, but then they reviewed it and decided they wouldn’t. Another Amazon representative told me to buy a new set and then return the old ones, pretending they are the new ones. I wish I had never bought these speakers.	1	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought an echo studio and first one arrived in early December 2019 I thought that I just had a dirty power situation so I tried plugging it into a variety of different power outlets still the problem persisted so I returned the product because it was making static sound every time I turned on and then turned off with the Bluetooth or Wi-Fi music streaming or asked Alexa a question I would hear static During and for five seconds after stopping the music or asking Alexa a question, So I called Amazon echo support and they advised me to return the product to the lab for review I received the replacement on Christmas Eve December 24, 2019 however the second unit also exhibits the same defect of static during music play back as well as five seconds after the music stops both using Bluetooth music streaming and Wi-Fi music streaming as well as asking Alexa a question until they can fix this I don’t see any other option but to live with this problem however another pet peeve of mine is that unlike my echo plus is that the echo studio does not allow you to control Bluetooth music streaming options: play/pause skip forward/backward a track(s) With voice commands to Alexa because of this I am very unsatisfied with this product, I wish they could make it as functional as an echo plus with a thermometer and Bluetooth control for music so I wish Amazon would push this upgrade of bluetooth control through a software update as soon as possible I would appreciate that very much as I’m sure many other echo studio customers would.	1	December 31, 2019	0
Echo Studio	This version of echo does not recognize my demands as clearly at previous renditions. I have four echos throughout the house. I have the Studio in the living room. Many times Studio does not respond to requests, but the other units pick up and reply.Also requests for softer or louder are ignored. Maybe I have a defective microphone in this unit.	3	May 31, 2021	1
Echo Studio	IF you only get one you need it to be in front. I was looking to add on a speaker for surround sound.  If you have one it needs to be placed to replace your tv sound.  I wanted to add on to my tv sound not replace it.  So I needed to so it would not be off and playing in one ear.  So unless you get 2 its not something my ears enjoyed.  They should have made them smaller but added 2 in a purchase.  I would have loved if it would have kept my tv sound from my to tv and this a added speaker someplace else.	3	March 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I will NO longer shop at Amazon and neither should YOU !! I ordered and paid for an Amazon Echo Studio and when received it was defective. I started a return and dropped it off at an Amazon cafe location. The young man behind the counter helped me print the sticker to return it, he took the package and said he would take it from there. 2 days later there shows no return traceable and amazon customer service said it would take 14 days to do a return. Utter BS !!! Done with Amazon	1	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Love the look and the sound of this echo but I have one major problem. Why isn’t Alexa’s voice not the same volume as the music? If I want the music at a lower volume, like level 2 I cannot hear Alexa talking. I have tried to contact customer support. They couldn’t help me so they sent me another echo studio but I have the same issue. Is there a software update I can do to fix this problem?	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Lot of issues Using as a home theater. I have a kinda large living room and it needs to be almost max to hear it. It randomly loses connection to the Firestick and I need to reboot the stick to get it back. You can’t have the optical cable in the back and use the home theater at the same time. So watching a dvd or android box I need to plug it in and unplug when I’m done. Occasionally the lip sync goes way off and have to restart the stream.  And why does startup sounds like Netflix and YouTube tv play choppy audio, but the playback sounds ok. Weird.  The audio sounds really good when it does work though. I thought about getting another for stereo but with all the issues I think I’ll look elsewhere. Disappointed.	2	May 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	No matter what I do it won’t pair with the echo sub. I’ve called customer service and they cannot figure it out. They had me send back my first echo sub, but I am still having the same issue. Too pricey for this issue. I’ve bought cheaper equipment that I’ve never had issues pairing.	1	October 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This seems like it should be a no-brainer. You have an Alexa enabled TV and the Echo should work as a speaker for the TV without a bunch of issues. However, it doesn't work like that. It's nonsense. Attaching cables.... still not really functional.It's still a great Echo and the sound quality is lovely, but I'd like to be able to just make this work how I'd like.	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Let me start by saying  the sound quality of the studio is fantastic. The design is clean. Now the bad, this studio simply put, has terrible microphones. I have changed locations multiple times, reset the system and still only recognizes about half the time. Even in a very quiet setting.I own the original echo and let me say while the sound quality is seriously lacking when compared to the studio, the voice recognition is far superior.  Let's face it, how good is a system if it fails to acknowledge you and play the music you asked for. It's pretty bad that I had to pair my sonos to my Gen one Alexa to get good sound as my studio is more or less useless. I expect more for $200. Amazon and Alexa let me down. Loyal customers deserve better.. My next smart speaker will be a sonos.	2	February 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I had a mix of speakers in my house. Sonos, JBL and echos. When I decided to expand my sound system I ended up choosing Echos given the personal assistant feature and the flexibility to move speakers into a Home Theater or music sound system when hosting parties with friends. Ended up choosing the Echo system when I got the Studio. BIG MISTAKE.Pros:- Has alexa- Setup is easyCons:- Sounds is painfully cheap. Makes me cry when I compare with my Sonos 1 or my Xtreme 2- No bass. RIP- Did I say no bass?- What is Atmos?- Audio 3D? Is that a new scam?The Echo studio has the same quality level of a Echo dot. Save yourself some money. Don't buy it. Just don't.	2	June 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not ideal as tv sound bar.  Have new Samsung TV and not idea. 1. In order to use remote to control volume, it has to be Bluetooth. Optical doesn't let you use remote only voice to control volume. 2. If use Bluetooth, delay can't be fixed, used all settings but still not right. 3. If use optical, the tv speakers and echo actually echo so need to mute tv. 4. On Bluetooth, need to turn device to 10 and use remote to lower. This is bad cause a. Not loud enough b. When turn off tv the Alexa at a 10 which will when used for music wake the neighbors.  Great for music	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I tried several times to connect to fire TV in bedroom. But it would only connect to LG TV in living room	2	June 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It only reacts correctly to repeated commands at the best about 10 % of the time.  Example Alexa play blues music from Sirrus radio. Or Echo play mark Knopfler to studio.  I  repeat the command up to ten times for it to finally respond correctly. However, sound quality is high	3	June 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Sound quality is fantastic.  But... it works for a bit then cuts out.  When trying to fix it- its a 'network error' - and I've tried all the usual stuff and everything people suggest online with resetting everything from the router up, using the alexa app to remove the home theater group and remake it...  then it works for an hour or two, then it cuts off again.  Gotten to the point I just enjoy my bedroom tv and ignore the big living room one.  Everyone does.  I killed the shared living space.And its really limited to Just the firestick-  (I've also reset that stick many times) which is a bummer.I wish that it came with a wire so that you had the backup option to just attach it directly to your tv.Going to be trying it out with ""AmazonBasics Optical Toslink to Mini Toslink Jack Digital Audio Cable"" and see how That goes."	2	September 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I really don't get all of the rave reviews about the sound quality of this.  The 2nd gen Echo I have had for years sounds better than this does.  It might have a bit more bass than the older one I have, but the high end is lacking.  At this price point there are better options out there, even with Alexa integration.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The echo studio will not listen to me long enough to take directions.  I can say that it does a horrible job hearing me but Now it does a good job letting me hear it. good quality of music.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought the Echo Studio with the idea of pairing it to the Fire TV and use it as a sound enhancement for the TV I have in my room.  In two weeks since I've had it has been giving me so much trouble that the only solution is to unpair them and factory reset the Fire TV (which has worked flawlessly before buying the Echo Studio).  This solution was the only option tech support gave me after running some other options.  This works until the next time it doesn't...	3	August 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have many many Alexa and Echo products. I brought 2 Echo Studios. I was expecting that wow factor because of the hype. I was very disappointed with sound and volume. Even thought of returning it but I have a smart house so need the devices, might as well keep the newest thing. Even brought into the HD Music. That is sad because it didnt have the channels I listen too. Believe it or not the voice response is so bad that in my bedroom and livingroom, I either have my Fire Cube or Show 5 as the controller for voice command. I sold this item by referring it to friends and family watching the video or reviews. Those reviews were not legit. Amazon! I have been investing in your products and supporting you! You need to knock the ball out of the park next time or your days and numbers with this customer! These are not cheap products. Customer experience and value matters.	2	September 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Stop trying to give me tips and push your other products on me. Sick of it. About ready to switch platforms at this rate.	2	May 28, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sound upgrade over my original Echo was good.  Not fantastic, though.  I don't like the little practically invisible buttons.  I really liked the old lighted ring that you twist for volume,  At the same time I bought this, I bought the related sub woofer, which I returned for two reasons; 1) not enough thump and b) problems connecting it.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Literally no different sound than the original Echo cylinder.  No better sound than on my Echo Show 10.  I was expecting something dynamic, with great highs and solid bass.  Instead, the sound quality is indistinguishable from older much cheaper echos and no different than my Echo 10.  I bought a Sonos for my brother in Florida and will compare to that next week.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I wanted to use this instead of a sound bar and it has worked out great!  We were watching a show we always watched and my wife said, where is that music coming from.  It was from the show, we had just never heard it before because it was so low.  Thinking about adding another to group.UPDATE:I loved this, when it works, but it constantly drops bluetooth.  Tried to wire it to the TV, but you can't user the remote for volume.  IF Amazon had an audio out on the Fire TV Cube, it would work I assume.  Instead of arguing with the wife over, ""wait a minute, let me unpair and pair it AGAIN so we can watch TV""..., I just unplug it.  It is now just sitting by the Fire TV Cube....paperweight..  Might be good for listening to music, but not for what I bought it for."	2	October 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound is acceptable.  Alexa response time is slow compared to the other 4 dots and the studio and the plus device I have.  I was really looking forward to the zigbee hub to control my lights and other home devices.  This unfortunately did not happen for $200.  I believe amazon needs to do some software development or change the touted features of the device.  Not so happy with the devices actual functioning and integration.  I could have purchased a number of other devices for sound and music.	3	July 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"This echo studio is within ear and voice shot of a first generation echo that we also own. Often both hear the same command but the echo studio almost always hears it wrong and the first gen echo hears correctly, even I'm standing right by the studio. Sometimes Ive asked it to play music and I hear some very loud static white noise instead. The sound quality is disappointing given the hype. the bass is ""better"" (boomier) than the standard echo but the gen 1 echo still has better overall sound, much clearer highs and mids (vs even the gen 3 echo plus which we also own) than the echo studio. I've tried the published tricks for the studio to improve sound and the improvement is marginal. I hope some future software updates will improve it but in it's current state its a not a well conceived product."	2	January 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The microphones are far inferior to all other Alexa compatible products by Amazon. The device does not seamlessly integrate. Frequently required resets needed. Overall just a huge disappointment, especially compared to other Amazon devices. Bright side, the sound quality is great.	2	April 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	You can’t actually use these as speakers... I wanted to connect the echo studio and the echo base to my I pad and play some music.  For some reason you can’t, so this is pretty much just a fancy paper weight.	1	October 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I love the sound WHEN it works. Bought this to use with my TV but regrettably, there’s either a delay (which makes watching awkward) or the sound will randomly mute, and unplugging is the only way I can get audio to come back. At times, when streaming music it will also just stop playing.-my regular echos continue, so I know it’s not my internet. When it does play, the sound quality is awesome.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Doesn’t interface well with Insignia FireTV and sounds cuts out frequently using optical cable.  Also has no ability to control the volume with the remote when using it in the tv as an optical in making this very difficult.  Sound also sometimes cuts out and the speaker needs to be reset.  Overall a great speaker for sound but the poor home integration really does it in.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	What I most dislike about the studio is that it has a hearing problem. Unlike the echo plus and echo dot I has a difficult time hearing and processing our commands. The major issue with the echo studio, plus and dot is they cannot be used to play music throughout the house together. If you have all the same devices say dots or studios it might work.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I purchased this when it went on sale for the first time since bowing in. Upon setting it up with my subwoofer(which was an easy setup). I just didn't feel it was impressive enough. I had been playing two Echos that were paired with sub. After comparing the two setups I concluded that for my use. The Echos beat it hands down. Had I purchased two Studios and paired with the Echo Sub it may have been a different story, but the size of the Studio did not lend itself well in my opinion to purchasing two. Not a bad product, just not what I had hoped for.	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	i’m very picky about audio and this just isn’t doing it for me. MAYBE if it was in a perfectly square room it might sound better? i’m not a fan of the “stereo spatial enhancement”, you lose things in the music. with that enhancement turned off it still doesn’t sound that great, it’s very mid heavy. you really only get good rich bass on songs that are already bass heavy otherwise you don’t get much at all. The songs that are mastered in 3-D don’t impress me at all. I would DEFINITELY purchase two third gen Echo’s and the sub over this. i’ll just Bluetooth the audio from my echo show to my sound bar and save the $200.	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"I use Echo Studio as a controller for smart home devices, a standalone Internet radio speaker, and a speaker to pair with my laptop for better sound quality.  The sound quality is quite good - except for the lag-time with the laptop.  A little research shows this problem to be fairly universal, and explained by Amazon as being a fact about Bluetooth, a ""laggy protocol.""  In other words, Amazon chose a ""laggy"" protocol, and has no solution for it.The closest thing I've found to a solution so far is to stop the video, unpair Echo from the laptop, pair up again, then re-start the video.  Not great."	3	January 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Bought one with the sub to use as a home theater with my fire tv. I love it when it works but absolutely hate having to in plug and plug everything back in multiple times every few days just to get the sound to work. I am not angry Amazon just disappointed.	1	September 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I have Echo Studio and Echo Dot in my house and every time I connect one of them to the Bluetooth from the phone, laptop, or iPad, I get a beep, and then an announcement to tell me ""Now playing from... name of the device"".  The message is loud and unnecessary. I know - I just manually connected you!!! But the worst thing is that Alexa announces it even if the device has been connected for a while. For example, if I get back to using a laptop after some idle time. So if you have someone napping it will surely wake them up. If you are listening to relaxing music before sleep it will scare the hell out of you.This feature can not be turned off with ""Brief Mode"".This feature can not be turned off with ""Do not disturb mode"".THERE IS NO WAY CURRENTLY TO TURN THIS OFFAfter lengthy research, I found that there is a whole community of people complaining about this on Amazon's Alexa forum since 2016, but nothing has changed. I am seriously considering switching to Google Home. The only thing that is stopping me is not Alexa, it is the sound quality of the Echo Studio speaker. It is better than any other smart speaker out there. But if it wakes up my pregnant wife once again I might just quit it, unfortunately."	1	September 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I love all of my Echo speakers ( all 8 of them) except this one.  The studio model seems to have a hard time hearing commands.  The sound is exceptional but not a lower volumes.  For great sound this must the operated at level 6 and above.  This is the first Echo speaker that I will not be buying for gifts.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Huge headache. It’s disappointing because when it works it sounds great. Have it paired with my 4K fire stick for the home theater experience. The problem is it won’t connect for at least 5 to 10 minutes after turning on the tv. I have tried every option to try to get this issue resolved. I don’t have this issue when I go through a mini toslink but I have to unpair it from my fire stick for echo studio to do so. If paired it will only speak to the fire stick through WiFi regardless if you plug in an optical cable. But this defeats the whole purpose of my echo home theater dreams, might as well get a sound bar. I have reached out to customer support but as sweet as they were they really had no clue how to help me. I was on the phone with them for over an hour for them to only wish me luck and hope my issue is resolved. This is already the replacement for the first studio that I got which kept freezing and get stuck in a loop. I also bought it new but the replacement I got was clearly opened before. It was delivered in its own package, taped all over with the delivery address slapped on the side. It’s been a huge headache, which is a shame because when it works I love it.	1	September 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I’m so disappointed. I bought 2 studios, a sub and a 4k fire stick. I set it all up and it worked great for a month. Now it seems to lose connection with the home theater every time it goes to sleep. I’ve had to reset it 3 times today alone. My wife can’t deal with this and neither can I.Also, the sub is way under powered. It’s very poppy when connected to the studios. And the studios themselves only calibrate to the room the very first time you connect them. So if you move them there is no way to recalibrate.The HD audio subscription which was supposed to be 90 days free is NOT. I contacted amazon and they told me to sign up for the free 30 days and contact them every single month for a refund. Wth. So yeah I just had my first charge and I have to take my time to get my money back.Additionally with the 3D audio and HD audio you can’t find the 3d or hd content easy. 3d is so rare that they give you a handful of play lists and most of them are only 10 songs. There is no way to search/filter for 3d audio or hd audio.And the last problem, playing music while the TV is off the music would pause after 20 seconds for about 20 seconds then it would skip to the next song. The only way playing music works is with the TV on.	1	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Really wanted to love it. The sound as speakers are incredible.  Full sound in the highs and lows. Also purchased the subwoofer which adds even better bass.Why I don’t love it, well I purchased the set specifically as a home theatre system. When it works, the sound is incredible.  Unfortunately it disconnects from my 4K firetv constantly. Just about everyday, half way through the movie. So I’m left having to stop it and restart it so it reconnects.  I’ve gotten to the point where I’ve umpaired my 4K firetv from the speakers because it was so annoying.	3	April 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The only good thing is it sounds better at louder volume. It may be the one I got but side by side at mid volume the 4th gen actually sounds better and a little more punch. Couldn't wait to get the studio and now that I have it I'm not impressed.	2	February 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	We first had a Google home, and decided to switch to the Alexa universe. She is half as smart as Google. They have some serious bugs to work out with Alex! One of our most frustrating problems is connectivity with Spotify. Extremely buggy.The echo studio as a speaker is a 5/5!! But Alexa is a big part of any echo speaker and has to be rated as such.	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Love the sound. In addition to listening to music (streamed or bluetoothed), I also use it as a ""soundbar"" for my TV. There are two issues though... the first is that the Echo Studio can not hear you when the volume is turned way up (understandable, but it should have come with at least a simple dedicated remote), the second is that several times per week it stops working altogether and has to be unplugged to be restarted... not real good for a device that is intended to be on 24/7."	3	July 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I bought this because I wanted more wow sound from my Echo Dot. I am not that impressed. At lower volumes it does not sound any better than my Echo Dot. At higher volumes it doesn't have me saying that sounds great. Maybe I was expecting too much. However considering it's more than 6 times the cost of an Echo Dot it shold leave me feeling that I really have something exceptional. The sound is not that great. I'll keep playing with it and see if I can get it to perform at a level that makes me feel it was worth the extra $.	3	February 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It’s picture is misleading	3	November 8, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sounds good up until about vol. 8 then gets distorted.  I also think it could be a little stronger.  It's good but it's not going to satisfy real hard rock and hip hop fans in a party setting.A built in clock like the echo dot has is a MUCH needed addition!!!	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The availability to connect to the phone is intermittent.  Volume control works also only works occasionally.  As a device for music this does not work well.  As an Alexa device it works very well, but you don't need to spend anywhere near the price tag to get this functionality with other low fidelity devices.  I'd stick with a low cost Alexa and separate speaker system.  It is unfortunate, as I was hoping I could get what was promised and have both.	3	July 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It's a good speaker and is good for the price but, given it's size, I was expecting it to perform more like a Sonos Play 5, but it's more in between a Play 1 and a Play 3.  Glad I have it...I will also say that I wish it came with a metal wrap like the Sonos because I'm a bit nervous that the fabric on the top and sides will get dirty or dusty, which prevents me from putting it in a lot of places I'd like to have one, but I'm using the echo dot for those places.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Great sound quality, good highs and lows. Would be a five star product, but with both of the units I’ve had they seem to freeze up and need a reset after being unresponsive. I unplug them for 30 seconds plug back in, and everything works fine. I’m not sure if this is a software issue or what, but my other Alexa products don’t require reset.	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have an Alexa 1st gen and was replacing it with the studio. The studio has a poor receiver.  It cannot pick up commands or understand responses nearly as well as the original.  I did contact support and they were pretty worthless.  I’m giving it maybe the rest of the week and if things don’t improve I’ll send it back.  Disappointing that none of the newer products perform as well or better than the 1 generation model.  I have previously sent back a gen 4 echo because the sound was so poor.  This studio has its own issues.	2	September 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It’s pretty good.  But not a great audio device.  It’s my first Alexa product and it’s pretty neat and all that.  So the Alexa features are cool.  There is some lag time between my phone and the device as far as turning volume up and down which bothers me because often when you want to turn down the music there is a reason for it.  Maybe it’s just me.  I absolutely love Bose products - and know that Not everyone agrees with me on that.  But I can’t imagine anyone fighting with me that the echo studio stands up against likely any quality audio device.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Studio	This is another product I want to love that thinks it is a few updates from greatness. I have four of them I purchased over the past month set up into two different theater groups. I have added an Echo Sub to one of the groups. Since adding the sub, these things seem to have a mind of their own. When it malfunctions, I only get output from the Echo Sub. Other times I will be listening and the volume goes up in the speaker group (Studio x2 plus Sub). Then it won't respond to turn down.Overall the sound is impressive and good enough to brag to your friends about playing a Dolby Atmos trailer on YouTube. I just get frustrated that I can't get them to behave and constantly have to reset them at least once daily.	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	mine no longer works it plays music for 30 seconds then stops	1	November 9, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Creates its own audio stream that ""sometimes"" has problems syncing audio with what you are watching. If they built this with fireTV embed (HDMI out) and Bluetooth synch with local speakers this problem will go away. Combined with the Alexa Bass the sound is quite good."	1	September 26, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"The first word in ""smart speaker"", describes the product. Sure the Echo Studio sounds good. But it confuses ""good night"" with ""play a song"". ""What's the weather"" with ""order status"". I'm not making that up, it's that bad. You'd think they'd have space to put high quality mics in but the slightest background music renders the device useless. Trashed it after 2 years. No more Alexa for me."	1	August 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I purchased two of these to compliment my FireTV 4k setup and 85"" LG 4k TV. Well, the sound is just okay and the whole 3D sound/home theatre concept is not apparent to me whatsoever. I am no audiophile, but as a layperson I am unimpressed for the $400 investment. With that said, my actual complaint is that it is a CONSTANT in and out connection with the FireTV...near constant crackle, repeat noises and missing sounds. I have to unplug it, and wait for it to reconnect and then have to deal with the voice/sound being off. Frankly, I am disappointed. I expected it to work flawlessly with another Amazon product...it does not. Also, note that the speakers flank the TV so it's not a ""too far from the FireTV"" issue. It's become so annoying that will most likely replace them. Think long and hard if you plan to use it as a home theatre system. You've been warned!"	2	August 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I’ve been using Alexa thru Echos for about a dozen years now. This one have been the most flakiest. I had to send the first one back and I’ve debated sending this one back.	2	March 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This speaker is fine but I bought it hoping to use it for music but also as a speaker for tv. It has a problem when you use it with a 3.5mm cable where it won’t go back to tv after you do any Alexa commands without unplugging the cable and plugging back in. Lot of complaints about it online. Should have some my research. It’s basically just a big echo because there are better speakers for sound quality.	3	August 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The studio is a really nice speaker but it is still a small speaker.  The sound quality at low volume is good but if turned up, it is ok at best.  If you set your expectations to this being a smaller driver, you will be happy with the purchase.  I would not upgrade a standard echo to a studio if you were solely basing your decision on sound quality.  The difference if there but not impressively different.	3	August 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Not just disappointing for what I expected, but bad.  I played the song Summer by Simple Minds using Spotify connect.  At highest quality - 320kbps, with the volume at out-of-the-box level.  It sounded distorted.  I played it on my Echo Plus and it sounded fine.  Maybe I got a lemon?Tried playing a different song using Bluetooth.  Didn't sound distorted, but gave me no reason at all to spend $199 on what I thought would be a noticeable upgrade from my Echo Plus.  I played this song through my Echo Plus, too, just to be sure.I suppose the bass must be louder, which would satisfy some people who don't know the different between the bass being louder and high fidelity.  But actually it wasn't even noticeably bassier to me.  Anyway, I'm looking for clarity and definition, not more bass, and I was disappointed.To be fair, I didn't play anything from Amazon Music, so nothing with the 3d feature that's available there on some tunes.  Maybe that's where the Studio stands out.	2	December 13, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Bass stopped working after 14 months.  Sounds like a tin can now.  Speaker should last more than 14 months.	1	October 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"So here it is...plain & simple. Any Echo device that advertises quality sound...especially heavy base...be prepared to be yelling at it, and, be prepared for it not to offer any info of value. I've bought this model for the rich sound, but half the time I just end up screaming at it to ""STOP!""  In short, it won't catch your commands if you have the volume high. More importantly, talking to an Echo (aka Alexa) is still like talking to a 5 year old toddler.  You have to speak slow & pronounce everything to the ""T"" if you expect to get the correct response. And that my Amazon friends, gets really old super fast!One year follow-up:  I find it amazing how many new trendy nuances are offered with the Alexa apps: Yet, they still can't seem to stump out the simplest of existing bugs that plaque the system such as connecting to multi-room existing Alexa speakers.  For some reason, it won't instantly connect, and it it ever does, it becomes just as frustrating to disconnect. Often taking 24 hrs or longer to make changes that kick in or out.  I just wish the tech section would learn to crawl, then walk...rather than sprint forward with new apps that keep pouring out to an existing ""less than user friendly system"" that just can't seem to master the most basic of much older skills.☆ 2021 follow up review: All Echo series devices...The most convenient & stupidest electronic box on the planet!"	1	January 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is not ready for the limelight as a serious home entertainment center speaker, and it’s not for the sound. This thing will NOT stay paired to any fire device. There is a huge amount of lag, even while both devices are on a gigabit network, right next to each other and the router. The Alexa app will report completely different wifi networks than what the devices are actually connected to, which is the most ridiculous problem, and gets the most frustrating “Cannot connect, make sure the devices are on the same network” error message. YEAH, THEY ARE. It’s been a huge nightmare, and I’m considering completely trashing the home theater setup. The optical input apparently doesn’t work for certain devices as well, so this has become the most expensive dedicated PS4 soundbar. Huge disappointment.Sound quality is amazing tho! Feels like you’re in a movie theater, even just on its own.	2	September 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality is as expected. I am disappointed in the voice recognition as I have to constantly repeat instructions. Something I rarely had to do with with my echo show. I have also connected some Feit brand smart bulbs , although advertised as Alexa compatible, Alexa is sporadic in getting the commands right.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound is good, but based on the reviews I just expected more. Many review indicate that the base is very powerful and mids are just ok, I believe base is just ok and mids are on the week side. Not a bad product, just don’t expect too much. Maybe two of these speaker and sub would make the difference	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have 2 studios paired in home theater mode with a fire tv. The setup sounds pretty good when it works, but there are constant issues. It’s annoying when the sound “skips”. Many others have this same issue. It also pauses and exits the show you are watching way too much. The most frustrating thing that happens is the sound stops working altogether until you reset all the devices and unpair and repair everything. It’s not worth the effort and I mostly just use the tv speakers instead. I regret this purchase.	2	October 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This speaker has incredible sound but absolutely no AI assistance. Does not follow any requests or obey any commands. The only reason this speaker works at all is because its networked on the ‘everything’ group.	1	October 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Overall, the sound quality is pleasant.  This product suffers from 2 issues in my opinion. The sound volume could be more robust. I just can't crank it as loud as I would like. When set up in a multi room environment, the volume gets out of sync and it's difficult to reset to normal.More 3d music content from Amazon music would be nice.  This speaker does sound impressive when playing a 3d music source, albeit it's wimpy volume.	3	July 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have a pair of these studio speakers and they are linked together in my home office only 3 feet away from my 2G / 5G network and every two weeks they drop the signal and have to be re paired up and in plug and plug in again to connect. Otherwise you lose the stereo affect and it just goes away. Good sound though	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I bought one echo studio a couple of months ago.  It sounded pretty good so decided to buy another to pair for, what I thought would be, great stereo sound.  Unfortunately, there is a software glitch that Amazon needs to FIX.  When paired, the studios will work nicely for just a few days.  Then they will drop audio consistently.  It is so annoying I stop using them as speakers.  The problem cannot be fixed because it is a software problem.  AMAZON! PLEASE FIX!!	3	April 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have 5 cheap Dots, and every one of them picks up the Alexa command before this thing does, despite being in other rooms around the house. The wake word recognition on this device is awful.The sound is decent. Obviously better than a Dot. But it’s not amazing. I would give it a 5/10 for this price point.I wouldn’t buy this again. It’s not awful. But for the $200 ish price point, there are way better speakers out there.	2	October 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have tried to be patient but the echo studios sound just OK but wont stay connected.  Now I am past the return period and I really would like my money back to just get another soundbar.  My other setups work just fine on wireless, bluetooth, arc, and optical.  I have friend where Bose, Sonos, etc. work 100% of the time with now frustrating drop outs.  I guess I am just stuck.  The studio is fine for a one speaker use.  Stereo is a waste of time with no treble and a lousy soundstage caused by the driver arrangement.  NEVER buy this for home theatre.  Never buy more than one and the sub is not needed with just one for a smart speaker.  Home pods have no connectivity issues but lousy sound also.  Just buy a soundbar and put 'em in any room you want music.  If you must network, get a Sonos.  I listen to classical and jazz so voice commands are useless to bring anything up.  Sorry about the rant.	1	August 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I really thought the sound of this speaker was top notch, especially for the price. If you plan to only use this as a music speaker, you'll be impressed. If you're hoping to use this for TV or movie audio I would recommend looking elsewhere.We connected ours to a Firestick 4k and the general functionality was pretty cool, although setup was more complicated than it should have been. Audio for shows on various platforms (Prime, Hulu, Netflix) cut out constantly, to the point that we were continuously having to rewind to see what we missed. In addition to the cutting out, there were multiple times that the sound would stop all together.Amazon support was eager to help. We spent over an hour trouble shooting but unfortunately nothing seemed to do the trick. Ended up returning the speaker all together after ~10 days. Might be worth looking at again if there is a software update or perhaps version 2.	2	June 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I wanted this to work! I bought it mainly for the home theatre sound with bluetooth from my FireTV. WE could not get it to work without sound cutting out. Talked to Amazon several times, tried unplugging & resetting, nothing worked. Amazon sent another one and it was even worse. So I had to send them both back. I was told they knew they had a problem. Maybe in a year or so, they'll have fixed the bug and it would be worth buying. On a side note, if you want excellent sound as a speaker to play your music, (Amazon music, Spotify, or others) it has terrific sound. When it didn't break up when connected to Bluetooth it also had terrific sound. It was just too annoying when it broke up.	2	February 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Other than then the lack of volume & the limited search engine resources,  only pulls info from highly censored & half truth pools of okidoki information not too bad of a sounding weather & music player	3	June 23, 2021	1
Echo Studio	sound quality is ok. Better than listing to music on your phone but not better than the music channel on the TV.For some reason there is a delay when speaking with Alexa through this thing. I asked her a question while standing about 5 feet from it and I could hear my Dot answer the question from my bed room (abut 40 feet away) and finish before this thing ever started to answer.In short, Buy a good blue tooth speaker and an echo dot. This isn't bad but its not good either.	3	February 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I don't think the integration between Amazon music and Amazon music unlimited is really integrated. Supposed to be the same volume for songs. Nope. I'm paying more for HD music, including Ultra HD and Dolby Atmos but don't think the integration is there. Kinda disappointed.	2	February 14, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Using this paired with a Fire TV Cube. My wife says it sounds better than the LG sound bar and sub that was living under our LG TV. The sound really is able to fill a large living room and can get plenty loud.I'm updating this review as the optical connection is unreliable. The sound through the optical input drops out and restarts repeatedly. This is a great speaker for use with the cube, but can't seem to handle being connected to the cube and a TV at the same time.	3	March 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I’m a bit disappointed. Sound quality is good, but not the fully immersive experience I expected, even with Amazon suggested HD songs.Used paired with a subwoofer.Volume is also an issue. Doesn’t get as loud as a standard Echo.After buying I see that a paired system is what really works, which frustrates me because Amazon marketed as a lower price alternative to Sonos, but if I have to buy two, then I’m right within the Sonos range.  Amazon should be more obvious about the paired system as the “immersive experience”. One by itself doesn’t cut it.	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Voice recognition is terrible. Most of the time Alexa only hears her name and nothing else. Set a timer? Be ready to say it 3 times. Want bluetooth off? 3rd time's the charm! The dot has it beat here and that's bad at 8x the cost.Also drops bluetooth a lot and doesn't remember previous devices. Hard to play Spotify, constantly disconnects and switches to another device. Boots me and defaults to the PC a lot.Sound quality is decent for what it is but I still prefer the top 2 JBL models for that. Plus they're portable... But really, if I want high fidelity I'll throw on a record or pop in an SACD disc. Takes a lot to impress me in this department and a $200 product ain't gonna hack it.Remember the original Echo? They don't make 'em like they used to...	2	September 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Tons of great reviews on here so I bought two...needless to say they are very underwhelming. Not that loud. Not much punch to them. Cuts out sometimes. Volume drops sometimes. They interrupt each other when speaking to them. Equalizer isn’t great and impossible to tell if the setting “stick” since in the app they always look reset. They are pretty much just blah. Not sure what is better at this price point though...so I will probably keep them. Added the echo sub too....that little thing is wayyyyy too loud for their speakers. Even with bass set to minimum.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I really wanted to like this, but I'm sick and tired of repeating myself to Alexa. It's like the Studio needs to wake up or something before it can respond. In perfect silence, I'll be right next to it, and ask it something, and nothing happens. I ask again in the same tone of voice, and then it works. Makes no sense. Happens all the time. It sits on the same quiet shelf as my previous Echo devices, but it doesn't hear nearly as well. For this reason, I like my 2nd Gen Echo Plus much better.	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Save you money. It's not worth all these 5 stars you see here. The people who are raving about this speaker must have been using their laptop speakers for music before this. I just honestly don't get all of these reviews. The equalizer in the app to change the sound is worthless with very basic adjustments. I know since I spent a lot of time trying to get this speaker to sound decent. The vocal's are muted at the expense of the bass and you can't pull them to the front very well, vocals as you are use to hearing them on the radio or CD or Album are not present.  And, I subscribed to Amazon's HD music trial to see if that would make the difference and it just didn't.  I have a UE Boom speaker I've been very satisfied with but thought I'd try this after reading all the reviews and it was on sale. Honestly, now that I have the HD trial stream the UE even sounds better than before and you can get this regularly for under $100.00. So many other things I could say here but really if you are going to buy this for enjoyable music reproduction this isn't it.	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"The good:Quality build and feel, good size, easy operation, Alexa integration including multi room music and sound quality except for voice reproduction.The very, very bad:No matter how I adjusted the sound, the voice reproduction was terrible. Always sounded like it was in concert hall mode and lacked the warmth and natural sound I desired for my type of music. I played the same  music on my Echo Show 10"" and the voice sound was very much better. Although the Echo show 10"" does not fill the room like the studio speaker, it produces better sound overall."	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"These speakers have been a fail since I bought and paired two of these. Customer service was useless. The Bose speaker smart speaker I replaced had issues but worked. These randomly quit pairing, lose Chromecast connection and numerous other glitches. Constantly fighting them. Sound is only OK at this price.Update: The numerous technical issues with one were only exacerbated when paired so I gave away one. I want stereo sound so I bought a set of powered Klipsch speakers (not from Amazon, of course, as they work). They were $250 total and are ""only"" 50 WPC compared to the stated output of this product. They are significantly louder, have much better base (even w/out a sub), and the sound quality is likely comparing an old boombox and a nice mid-level stereo. And remember, although the Klipcshes were $50 more, that is for 2 stereo speakers. It takes 2 Studios at $400 total to achieve stereo.So, take that $150 savings and buy a small voice command unit - Alexa, Google, whatever - and connect it via BT. That is all I use the one Studio I kept for anymore. I would have saved significant money had I just bought say a Dot and the Klipcshes, and had infinitely better sound quality.To be clear: I am not specifically advocating for Klipsch. There are a lot of options if you're willing to spend $200-$400 (cost of 2 Studios) and most will be better than this garbage product."	1	January 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I'm shocked at how poor the sound quality is. As if it's under a pillow.  My regular echo has better sound.Also, with anything that requires constant software updates, you're lucky if functionality stays consistent for long. All my Alexa devices continually cut out or glitch when listening to Spotify now. They didn't used to. But for the last six months+ (despite many updates to spotify & alexa apps) consistent, reliable playing of music is impossible. Perhaps Amazon is doing it intentionally to try and make Amazon music the better experience? In any case, for all devices like this eventually the updates will slow even further and you're left with a useless paperweight.	2	June 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I'm pleased with the sound of this echo, but there is an issue with the mini-toslink input.  If this input is being used and the echo switches to a call or drop-in, the mini-toslink input doesn't return when the call is finished.  Unplugging the mini-toslink and plugging back in does no good.  You need to unplug the echo power and plug it back in to continue using the port.  I'm hopeful this will be fixed soon but will need to return it before it's too late.  I really needed the digital input for my use case.	3	December 5, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Total let down. The sound quality is great but the movie and tv audio sync issues kills the entire product. Don’t even bother getting this unless you want to just listen to music or Until they can fix the video audio sync issues cause if you’re using anything other than amazon and Netflix videos it will already be out of sync.I got it hooked up home theater mode to a 2nd gen cube and it ONLY plays audio in sync from Amazon and Netflix videos. Any other app and the audio is out of sync right from the start (twitch, YouTube, philo, Hulu, showtime, HBO, Disney+ etc) and there’s no way to fix it because the lip sync setting in settings doesn’t help. This is clearly a software issue and not hardware (customer service will tell you it’s hardware and to restart the firetv).	2	August 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Good sound and features. I just feel like for $200 the sound quality could be better at higher volumes. I've spent the same amount on other speakers that were much clearer at higher volumes. Don't get me wrong this is much better than an echo dot but might be better off going with something else and using bluetooth from alexa to stream.	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Studio	If you have a firestick hardwired into your network and the studios which are wifi - THEY WILL NOT CONNECT OR WORK!  Yes they are on the same network but one device is wired (using the amazon network adapeter) - Big fail - need to fix that bug.  Likewise if you use a VPN App on the firestick to say access ATTnow TV or something - THEY WILL NOT CONNECT OR WORK! this is because the firestick thinks it's on a different network due to the VPN - another big fail and bug that needs to be fixed.  I should have just opted for the sonus soundbar system.  Amazon test your product before you put it features out there that should work!	2	February 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Does not work properly constantly confuses	1	November 11, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Simply put, not worth the price.The speaker lacks consistent volume output. A device this expensive should have an internal volume stabilizer so all music plays at the actual volume you select.As for the sound, look it's only going to be as good as what it receives and if you're going to be listening to music from the Amazon music playlist, you will really be disappointed. Little care goes into actually matching the mood or category you select and even then this speaker lacks clarity and definition, let alone adequate bass without pushing it.True, the Studio has its own HUB and that's a plus, but, so too, does the Echo.All in all. It's an average sound and does not give good base unless played at a level greater than, I suspect, most people care to listen to.Spend $200 if you feel the need, as I did. I only hope you're not as disappointed as I am.	2	March 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is now my third Echo. I had the original and then the following models. I finally bought this one bc I thought that this one might pick up on my voice better than the last, it doesn't. Its a bit better, but the first one was bomber. It never struggled understanding what I said, even from a good distance.This studio echo though does have good sound quality.Overall It drives me nuts, but at this point a necessary evil in the smart home world we live in.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The fact that I can't create groupings of speakers the way I want - is ridiculous ,  That Alexa goes offline or sleep at random is unacceptable - Still learning how to get over some of these hurtles - but for the price - these issues should have been resolved prior to going to market.  Over all - it is a a good starting point that with updates I hope will get much better	3	July 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	These speakers are absolutely awful. They never hook up as stated in instructions. I am very technically proficient and they are always a pain. Then comes trying to pair them! You will ask it to play music and it will tell you it is but no music will come out of the speakers or two different songs will come out of the two speakers. Then we talk about the sub, what a piece of garbage! It will only work through Alexa, if you plug an aux cord or try to Bluetooth to your speaker, the sub will not play. There’s not even a place to connect speaker to sub with a cable! Amazon needs to return everyone’s money, stop selling this junk and make new speakers that function as we are told they will. I’ve had to return the echo studio for numerous reasons and am going to return the brand new one I just received. Save you’re self the time and energy and buy something that actually works! Huge fail by Amazon.	1	October 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	FROM day 1 had trouble setting up my 2 studios on the same wifi network.I tell it to play in my bedroom and it plays in my living roomStereo pairing keeps dropping  out.Not happy with the quality of the sound,Would be happy to return them.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Easy to set up they say, sounds great they say, great support they say…Plugging it into the wall was the only easy part…four calls to “customer support” (only one of which was helpful…one hung up/ disconnected, one told me what to do - which didn’t work, one had to “escalate it up to the next level for them to call me back within 48 hours - surprise they didn’t and the last one was able to help me out to get it working). At the end of the day, it doesn’t work. Randomly stops working - nothing better than having sound disappear in the middle of an action movie. Tried everything I’ve been told to do. So frustrated and disappointed. Hopefully the return works because the studio doesn’t. Silver lining - it won’t be listening and suggesting products that I just can’t live without.	1	January 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"quality as it should be from a ""better"" one. Let me start by saying this is my 3rd Echo device. Actually, the smaller Amazon Echo I had in the past sounds better than this unit. If you really want an improved sound then I'd pair 2 Amazon Echo units with THIS subwoofer."	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	VERY UNINTUITIVE HOME THEATER SETUP GROUP, FAILED TO ASSOCIATE MULTIPLE TIMES UNTIL RESET LOCATION AND DEREGISTERED AND RE-REGISTERED. NO LIVE HELP, AWESOMELY OVERPRICED. SOUND QUALITY MIDLING.  SAD I BOUGHT THE PAIR.  PAIN IN THE REAR TO SET UP WITH FIRE STICK 4K; INITIALLY STATED NOT COMPATIBLE??? DROPS CONNECTIONS AND SYNC WITH 4K FIRESTICK REPEATEDLY.  DON'T EXPECT THIS TO WORK SEAMLESSLY AT ALL WITH YOUR ALEXA SET UP. AGREE WITH OTHERS ABSOLUTELY NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME	3	May 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound was very clear and highs awesome.  The bass was something to be desired.  I had the bass up to Max and with pairing these with a second echo studio and echo sub I was not impressed.I called tech support and they said it’s a common problem and they are hoping to have a over the air update to fix this.  I returned mine and will wait until it’s right.  For the money they should be much better.  If they cost half the price I wouldn’t complain.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I love my Alexa speakers. However; the Stidio at $200 , its not much better sound than my 4th generation Dots.	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought this for my living room thinking that the sound quality would be better than the  10 ehco show.  it was not.  do not get me wrong it sounds good, just not as good as I thought it would.  I am not impressed.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Made the mistake of thinking Amazon products paired well with each other. Bought a pair of Echo Studio speakers to pair with the Echo Subwoofer to create a ""Home Theater"" suite as suggested. Thought it would pair easily with my Amazon Fire TV. Wrong on all counts. Have had this setup for three months now and the glitches are constant...CONSTANT. Everything connects via Bluetooth and WiFi with no hardwire option, and the connections drop out regularly. You have to re-pair devices constantly via the app, which is far from user-friendly. Got tired of bothering Customer Service with questions and complaints. When it all works, the sound quality is better than average, especially given the compact size of the speakers themselves. But the headaches are sooooo not worth it. An absolute mess—don't be fooled by the sleekness of the design or false promise of easy integration. Alone the Echo Studio may serve its purpose well, but when paired with other Amazon devices as a home theater setup, it is an absolute, unmitigated flop."	1	October 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I thought this speaker would be exponentially better in overall tone quality especially in its bass response.  It is no better than my other Echos. Very disappointing.	2	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Could not pair with Alexa or other devices.	3	September 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	This is my only complaint, and it's a big one, but before I start I have to say the good first.1. 3D MUSIC - Ultra HD- is real (it is by Amazon amazon music HD only) Amazon unlimited and amazon unlimited HD are NOT the same, you have to add the HD PACK.2. DOBLY ATMOS IS INCREDIBLE3. the sound is incrediblethe bad thingsNow, dobly atmos only works WITH FIRETICK 4K AND ONLY IN AMAZON PRIME VIDEO, it does not work with Netlix, APPLE TV, DISNEY + and it doesn't matter if you are using the apps in the FIRESTICK 4k unfortunately you will never experience DOBLY ATMOS, to finish Destroying this incredible device for what was created, if I found only 3 movies or series on DOBLY ATMOS in Amazon Prime, is a lot. Almost all of his films are UHD DOBLY DIGITA PLUS, which are not Dobly atmos.2. 3D music is fine but very limited almost unstable	2	January 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have an Echo Studio pair linked to a Fire TV Stick 4k. The sound used to be great. That last maybe half a year. Since then, the volume cuts out randomly. There's no easy-to-find advice from Amazon that fixes this. In addition to the audio completely failing, now sometimes just one of the Echo Studios goes silent. I have fast internet, and I have no problems with online services using other computers around the house. But the thing things annoyed me the most is the constant lag for audio when using the YouTube app. None of the other apps I use on the Fire Stick 4k has this problem. Again, nothing from Amazon other than a suggestion to restart the device. If a software update should solve these problems, I'll gladly add a few more stars to this review.	2	September 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Doesnt get very loud. Poor integration with anything except the latest 4k firestick. I get error messages constantly about a setting in home theatre needs to be modified to drop down to a lesser quality setting. I wish I never bought it.	3	May 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Paired this with Firestick.  When it works, it's great.  HOWEVER, Studio drops sound randomly while watching with Firestick and does not always come back, even when reset.  Super annoying, as this is the main reason I bought Studio.  A surround system directly connected to my TV would be more reliable for not much more money.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I asked for the Studio for Christmas, because I wanted to seriously upgrade the sound of my original Echo. While the studio sounds pretty good, it was definitely not a major upgrade. The other problem I have is that the volume is not that loud on this speaker. The Klipsh sound bar for my tv sounds way better and has good volume.I will use it for a while and then maybe try a different brand speaker in order to get better sound.Over all, I do not think this speaker is a good value.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Great sound when working. Support and integration is spotty at best. I’m using this as a tv sound system, paired with a Fire TV cube on a Samsung 52” LED. Sound constantly drops from the Fire TV leaving me with no sound. It is supposed to connect via WiFi but the only way I can get better consistency (less drop out) is trying to connect via Bluetooth. This works better but still get dropped audio signal on occasion.  My internet is Gigabit Fios on a Mesh router.Amazon doesn’t seem to acknowledge the issue.I’ve been posting here but no response from Amazon yet on why this is occurring.I wanted to return but it’s more of a hassle and I disposed the box.FIX THIS PLEASE.	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	For me it's all about the bass! For it size the bass response of the Echo Studio is  equivalent to the little echo dot - that is not acceptable! I was very disappointed  when I activated my Echo Studio and did not get the sound I was looking for. hopefully Amazon can provide a subwoofer that is compatible with the Echo Studio.	3	August 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It’s ok. I thought the sound was going to be powerful because the price is pretty high. But it wasn’t too laud. I got it as a Christmas present. But if I was going to buy it and try it then I would have sent it back.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Great if you intend to test the limits of your sanity and patience. I spent $979 for: (1) a pair of Echo Studio speakers with the subwoofer, (2) a 55"" QLED Fire TV, and (3) a Fire TV Stick 4k Max. To setup a home theater.I have to re-pair the speakers nearly every other day just to hear music. The home theater is even worse the eARC function stopped entirely, thus no sound at all on my Fire TV. I already had to deregister each speaker and reinstall them several times. They are not reliable as a paired set.I am an IT professional, and have confirmed with others that it is not a user error."	1	March 22, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I do really like the speakers but they do not have enough volume to use as a home theater or a  loud jam out time. I feel like I'm using a tv in a hotel that has a limited volume control. If I had it in a bedroom it would be fine. In my living room I want more. I'm hoping that this issue will be updated at some point. If not I will have to find some different speakers for my loud needs. They do sound good, don't get me wrong on that.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Studio	The product is glitchy. Constantly and abruptly stops playing music. Audio from TV shows will suddenly stop and transfer to TV speakers. Music quality is ok, but the rest of it is not. I would not buy this speaker again. The money would be better spent on a different speaker.	2	January 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The Studio is great as a stand alone Alexa speaker, but isn’t very good paired with a FireTV. You’ll constantly be annoyed by the lag between picture and sound. The sound lag on YouTube and Hulu make them completely unusable. If you don’t mind hearing the words 2-3 seconds after seeing lips move, this is the speaker for you.	3	October 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I wish it would work wirelessly without having to use a fire cube or stick in order to get surround sound from your TV. but definitely the best sounding echo you can get 1	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I'm so frustrated. I have spent countless hours trying to create a stereo pair and a home theater. I only purchased the two studios and the fire tv cube to create a home theater and a stereo for music. I have tried absolutely everything to just pair the two studios, one studio to the fire tv, and all combinations. I have searched forums, videos, etc. None of my devices show up when searching for devices to stereo pair. Amazon customer service is useless. They seem to have zero tech knowledge or anyone employed to deal with tech issues. They won't call back, take notes so they don't ask you the same things you tried 100x! I have wasted a bunch of time and money. Now I have to figure out how to return this junk. I wish I had room for proper powered bookshelf speakers. I hate the fire tv. I love roku, but made this purchase for the stereo audio for my TV and music. Amazon is a multi billion dollar company, yet they can't invest in proper tech support. Many others are having issues with stereo pairing any of the echo devices in the forums..I wish I could afford to throw the $400 equipment in the trash.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have two Echo Studios running in speaker group with an Echo Show. Both Studios change WiFi channels (from 2.4G to 5G) randomly which drops them from the speaker group ALL THE TIME! This is a known issue that Amazon cannot or will not resolve. Check the Amazon and Reddit forums before buying - if you plan on using in a speaker group.  This is a major issue!  Please fix it Amazon!The speaker sounds great but only when it produces sound.	1	June 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	As a speak with sub woofer it's OK not great. As an Alexa, it has a hard time hear you while it plays music.	2	April 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality was good in the store. Not so good in my home.	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The fact that you cannot change the volume with the Fire Tv remote is an unbelievable oversight. Had to get that confirmed by customer service...!I returned the speaker, great sound, but not good enough to forget about the volume control. I bought an Apple HomePod instead.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	By itself it sounds much better than all other echos, but when paired with an Echo Sub, it seems to lose the low end Bass. Seems to be a commonly problem with no response from Amazon.  Maybe a software update could resolve the Bass problem?	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Amazon is creating a NEW feature you DO NOT WANT.  It's called Sidewalk and it basically ""steals"" part of your broadband network to create it's own little network, a network I don't want because I feel it is insecure.  But don't worry you might think, I can turn it off.  Indeed you can!  But if you do, the proximity feature of echo devices will no longer work.I have two echo studios in my living room and two echos in bedrooms on the first floor of my house.  If I ask Alexa to turn off the lights,  THREE echos respond.I chatted with their ""help"" staff and they told me that if I chose to turn sidewalk off, I'd have to change the wake word of echo devices to prevent this from happening.  GREAT!!!  Now I get to try to remember four different wake words?  This is ridiculous.It's sad!  I was just getting comfortable enough with Amazon that I decided to add the Studio devices and get annual memberships to Prime and Music Unlimited.  Now, I'll be destroying it all because my conscience won't allow me to sell them as they are irretrievably defective."	1	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Loved it.  I preordered it and got it October 8, 2019.  Loved it. It worked great in our family room which is large.  But this last month she had problems connecting to the internet.  I knew it wasn't my internet because I have an echo plus in the kitchen  and she she great would overhear us asking the studio plus (who was having trouble communicating) and would answer the question.  I unplugged the studio, I reset her and then last last night she won't even turn on.  I know she is getting power because the microphone light is on.  Sad.  I missed the chance to return it by 4 months.  I did not get the extended warranty  because I have had such good experiences with Amazon products.  But if you are considering one, I would get the extended warranty.	2	April 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"They price on this is hefty for quality sound. The sound quality isn't significantly different from my previous echo from a few years ago, back when the only choices were ""Echo"" and ""Echo Dot"". If I could go back in time I could save about $90 by not going for this supposedly premium version."	3	November 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I’m on my second Studio and have yet to be wowed. The sound is definitely better than the regular Echo but I’m having a variety of connectivity issues.To compare, I had the HomePod for a short time before seeing info of the pending Studio release. When I first turned on the HomePod, its sound wowed me! I didn’t experience the same wowness the first time I heard the Studio.First thing to know, which isn’t mentioned anywhere, connect Studio to your 2.4mHz network and not 5.0. Also, connect directly to your router and not through an extender. I discovered this by chance while troubleshooting connectivity problems (none of the agents thought to ask and I happened to bring it up). Not sure what you do if your Studio is upstairs and your router is downstairs and the direct signal is weak.I returned the Studio and got a Bose 500 speaker. It sounds so much better but it’s a bit glitchy with Alexa.Arg!	2	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Horrible at playing music. Constantly disconnects and stops playing. Sound is good but I had to but two of the studios and the subwoofer. Huge let down that it can't play music from Amazon music without constant disconnects."	1	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Studio	When we ask Alexa to play a piece of music from our own download library, we have to sit through a lengthy commercial for Amazon music service. Once should be enough!!!! Not subject us over and over  to the same thing. I don't know how to turn it off. Also it does not seem as sensitive to picking up my commands as our other older device. I have to shout Alexa instead of just saying her name as before. But.... the constant commercials for Amazon services are unforgivable .	3	January 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I upgraded from the Echo 2nd generations to these.  The sound quality is definitely better however music with a lot of symbols are lost.  Even if you turn off the stereo enhancement feature it’s a little better.  But it defeats the purpose of the clarity and depth.  So I would leave it on.  There were some minor tweets but with the help of Amazon’s Tech support my issue was solved quickly. Overall I would recommend them but pair two of them with the Echo sub.	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I feel like the sound quality although better then the echo not up to the quality of Bose or Sonos.  Look to those if you want a quality sound.  This is just a slightly better Amazon speaker, still can’t run with the big boys.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The performance of the speaker is quite good, in line with the advertising. However there was annoying start in the bass when at lower volume. I checked with tech support who were helpful. They agreed with me that the static is an issue. Tech support authorized an exchange. The 2nd speaker had similar static issues but occurred with less frequency than the original speaker. I like the overall performance of the product in spite of the static issue. I’m hopeful they can find a fix.	3	January 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It only works with Alexa, all other services don't work well, said Pandora. Over all don't buy	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The quality of sound is great if you’re streaming music from your computer or phone. The room sending auto acoustics seems to work well. Problem is I bought it (and new 4K firetv sticks) to create home theater and it doesn’t work for crap as many have mentioned. Often comes up with “having audio issues” and suggests you lower the audio quality. Lower the quality makes no difference and found cuts in and out. Some suggest this common problem is caused by network issues but placement makes no difference and all the other streaming devices have no issues. It also takes sometimes a minute for the studio to acknowledge you’re playing from fire and that it needs to start audio.	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was very excited for this product. Specifically, I was excited to use the Echo Studio with the Echo Sub and my fire device in a Home Theatre Pairing.The results were extremely frustrating.  It started with an audio hiccup.  A stutter if you will.  I worked with tech support who said it might be because the fire device and received a replacement.  The next device ended up with an equally frustrating audio cutout every time you muted and unmuted.Technically, I think it boils down to a problem keeping audio in sync with video.  The video streaming has the ability to buffer so it handles connection jumps or spikes fine. The audio, on the other hand, has no buffer and any connection spike throws the speaker off.All this to say a return is inevitable. I'd rather have my fire device play through a soundbar than deal with a Home Theatre Pair functionality that doesn't work	1	October 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	love the sound, don't like that doesn't have ports	3	August 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Echo Studio recognizing voice commands is very poor compared to the other less expensive Echo models I use. The Echo Studio sound quality is good and exceeds my expectation for a speaker of its size. Unfortunately, there are several bug issues associated with use of Bluetooth speakers. Most often when I disconnect the Bluetooth speaker use of the internal speaker will not resume and if you speak to the echo its light blinks as if responding but there is no sound. Also sometimes when I disconnect the Bluetooth speaker the Echo Studio will send its sound to another Echo in another room. Ultimately I will need to restart the Echo Studio. None of these issues are present on my other Echo Devices. So I give 1 or 2 stars due too to high device cost verses frustration level.	2	August 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	When it plays it sounds great but it only plays about 50% of the time . Originally this happened on rare occasions now a year old it really sucks. It just cuts out and stops playing. Alexa will still talk to you but will not play music. Then suddenly it will play for a short time and cut out again. The base speaker continues to play. in other words these Echo Studio speakers are garbage. Buy some other brand.	1	June 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Barely connects to anything. Constantly struggle to play music	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I wanted to pair two echo studios to the echo fire TV 4k max stick. It sounded so simple, given both the stick and the studios have Bluetooth as well as WiFi connectivity. Sadly, you can only link them if you have ARC HDMI.In my case I use a HD projector and projectors rarely have ARC HDMI. There is no way to get this combination working then and you have two very expensive paperweights.In short, do not buy if you do not have ARC HDMI!	1	May 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Una calidad regular y una potencia que no sorprende	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I believe this speaker to be overpriced. The sound quality is not as good as a cheaper sound bar that I replaced. I agree with the other reviews that say it sounds about the same as the regular Echo. We placed this in our living room, which is small, and it feels like we need a second one and a subwoofer. However, we could get a full 5.1 atmos wireless home theater for the cost of 2 Studios and a subwoofer.  It would be different if I could pair this with two Echoes and a subwoofer, but it only pairs with other Studios. I definitely regret this purchase.	2	April 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was and am severely disappointed in the sound quality. I thought this was supposed to be a decent sounding speaker but it is not much better than a transistor radio from the 70s.I need to use my smartphone hotspot as a source of Internet and have done this successfully with a couple echo dots in the past. This was an absolute nightmare to set up in such a manner but I was finally able to accomplish it.Overall it has been an unpleasant experience to get it up and running and the resulting sound as I mentioned is terribly disappointing.Everybody's idea of good sound is different and you may not be as demanding as I am so others may be quite pleased with this awful sounding trash can.	2	September 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The speaker sounds great good fidelity even decent seperation considering its one unit design , but the microphone sometimes fails to pick up voice. Don't know why but it's the first Alexa enabled device that i've had this problem with.	3	April 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	WARNING. Do not buy the Echo Studio if you want to hook up other echo devices to it thinking you can create a surround sound system. The Echo Studio IS NOT compatible with two Echo Dots. I was told by my local Best Buy that if you have a Fire Stick, you can create a home theater with the Echo Studio + (2) Echo Dots. This will not work. Unless someone can assist me on figuring it out, it is not possible. This was very disappointing.	3	December 24, 2019	1
Echo Studio	The sound is clear and well balance, is easy to set up, but is not as loud as I expected. I put it in my home office which is pretty small and even there the ECHO STUDIO doesn’t feel loud at all. If you like your music loud like me, then look for another speaker.	3	September 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Microphones on my other echo devices pickup my commands from other rooms before this Studio does.  Ring that lights up to know that Alexa heard you is not very visible.  Sound good not excellent!	3	April 26, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Its not a bright sounding as my Bose500 but it was much easier to integrate with Alexa! After a couple of weeks it started to distort, never played at high volume not not related to over driving it or anything. As soon as I see my refund I will be ordering a 2nd bose which is in my  checkout cart.	3	July 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	There was a sync issue with the  4K fire stick. The sound was  Good but not at the price point. I returned it because of the sync issue. It was about a second off who is really bad.	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I like this speaker but it goes in and out of WiFi so you say things and Alexa hears you but nothing, I have other Alexa devices and I never have this issue with any of the 5 I have	3	March 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I feel deceived by Amazon who presented how-to's on linking speakers, yet their most expensive speaker cannot be linked to anything but another echo studio. Echo studio has an okay sound but not as good as my living room sound system. I wanted to have Studio on one side of the house and my sound system on the other, but there's no way to link Echo Studio to the Echo dot that connects to my stereo system. Even a second studio would not help, as it doesn't have audio out. I looked at Echo Link, but that really has nothing the Echo Dot doesn't have and is a waste of money. I guess Sonos is still the best solution to this problem.	1	February 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I ordered this as the main source of music for the whole family that would live in my kitchen. I ordered the Sonos one first in that speaker was all high range and middle. Then I ordered the speaker thinking it would have more bass which it did but I was still not happy as my echo show eight has better sound. I have Ordered the echo show 10.1 in hopes that it will be what I’m looking for	3	February 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound was great when it works,  it still needs a closer work done	1	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The studio takes a long time to sync to the TV each time we turn the TV on. It also skips, despite being two feet from the TV and about 10 feet from a Wi-Fi Router.  We also wish that the TV sound would continue in the background while Alexa is speaking. For example, when a timer is going off, the TV continues to play, but we can no longer hear.Sound quality is great, but it does not work seamlessly.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sounds great but a little pricey	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I was super hopeful that this would be an amazing addition to my smart speakers. I love whole room audio with deep bass and rich Highs. Let me just say that for the first 6 months this speaker did great, however over time it became more and more muffled. Now less than 2 years later I'm sad to say that this is the first amazon alexa product that has stopped functioning properly. Three Quarters of the time Alexa does not respond and while playing audio back I get frequent drops in the audio completely and static. I still have 1st generation echo minis that work better than this	2	March 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I got 2 echo studio and sub to set up living room for musics but I cannot play tidal. I have connected the account but that’s about it. alexa does not play any songs from tidal. I should be able to either import or play my music from other services so I will be returning all the devices. Ie 3 echo 2 echo speakers 1sub and 1amp	1	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I had great expectations with the echo studio but, was let down by it's average sound quality. Voice recognition and setup was easy as expected but for the price would suggest buying the JBL extreme for it's truly wireless operations except for charging.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I'm a big Alexa fan, having purchased several Echo's and Dots for myself and family.  I was very excited about the Surround, assuming the sound quality of the speaker would be much better than the Echo.  While the base delivers, the overall sound quality is much different than I expected.  I think you need to have two units or something. With just the one, it almost seems like there is a faint echo, or the music is being played from far away, even if loud.  Almost like they introduced a tweak with the 3-D sound that just doesn't sound right.  I think the original Echo is still my favorite. I wish I could get that device with a better speaker.  Not sure if I'll return or keep, but am a bit disappointed the sound quality isn't better.  Perhaps there will be a future option to buy a high-fidelity speaker with great sound, but not have the weird 3-D effect?	2	November 12, 2019	0
Echo Studio	It’s OK my echo first generation was just as good	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Really torn on this product. I'm an early echo adopter and have purchased 7-8 since they came out. This is by far the most expensive, and capable. But it just doesn't seem capable enough to justify it's $169 price tag. I enjoy listening to it, and I'm going to keep it, but I'd feel a lot better if it was priced $40-$50 less.	3	June 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I bought two of these thinking I could pair them together for music or movies but it really hard to pair them and after you get them paired you’ll have to do it all over again the next day it’s frustrating when you only have one playing and the other is just in silence!!!	3	September 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Stopped working completely (couldn't even do a factory reset - the lights just stopped coming on) after unlplugging it and plugging it back in. It was great while it worked, great bass.	2	February 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	While the unit is very impressive and delivers a nice sound stage, I am very unhappy with the poor or lack of music streaming services support.  Amazon services yes... full support.  TIDAL, etc... horrid if nonexistent.  You can do better.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Loses connectivity constantly - need to talk remove from group, re-add. Not intuitive	2	May 6, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought this for one reason only: To pair with my new Fire TV. Then I find out the hard way it’s only compatible with SOME Fire TVs. Guess I’ll have to take down my already mounted Fire TV and send two giant boxes back to Amazon. I should have kept my old Roku TV and wireless speakers. At least their stuff WORKS. Thanks for nothing, Amazon.	1	July 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	This product doesn’t connect to the new studio and is a pain to connect to any other Alexa device. Bad advertising on Amazon to show them as a bundle when they aren’t even compatible. Maybe I’m wrong but me and my husband both tried for hours and could not set them up.	2	December 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Where do I start?  With the subwoofer, this cost $530.00. plus tax.  i can purchase 2 BOSE 500 speakers for less, and they sound better.  You also have to fork out another $40.00, plus tax to buy a 4k fire tv stick, if you want to listen to them through your tv.  Finally, I can't tell the difference when listening to my amazon music HD subscription.  Did I mention the speakers turn off intermittently when having Alexa play my playlists from my amazon music account?	2	August 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The Echo Subwoofer sounds better. The only reason I got the echo studio is beachside the subwoofer is no longer available and thought it would be comparable. There is too much treble even when treble and mods are turned all the way down and bass all the way up. I would rather have more subwoofers than the echo studio	3	July 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	5 stars for Amazon on service, but there is a software update needed to deal with audio delay. I use this as a secondary speaker to an Amazon Link. The link connects to my home theatre system. The link presumably is slower than this speaker as the signal comes from a dot goes to the link, than to home set. So there is a horrendous audio delay, as if your on a big event and you hear the echo. There should be a slider somewhere in the software to delay one of the speaker until it all sounds fine, but it doesn’t work. Amazon support said they could not fix the problem on their own set up after testing my problem and said to wait for an update of the software. Until that day comes this just doesn’t work for me.Google by the way has super easy audio sync options. Guess we have to be a little patient.	2	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Studio	This is my 3rd? 4th? Studio. I had to return it multiple times because we had so many issues with it skipping or otherwise not hearing commands properly. We have multiple Alexa speakers in our house and are well versed with them.Well this one (now that my return and product support window is closed) started skipping AGAIN. Worse it developed a horrible rattle during bass that is only getting worse. We never turn the volume up higher than about a 3, so this is just purely a terrible product.Amazon knows this. It’s the one speaker they won’t even accept on a trade in which tells you all you need to know.Seriously stay away from this. Really disappointed in this inferior product that they arent even doing the right thing to replace.	1	January 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	My Studio is fine, sounds great. I'd highly recommend the Studio if it wasn't for my wife's. My wife's has a low-level ticking/grating sound even when not playing anything. It's rather annoying. Can't hear it when the music is volume LVL 5 or more, but below that... We will be returning/exchanging hers.	3	October 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Tricky to connect sub, which doesn’t really boost or enhance sound quality	3	August 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	A bit tedious to link to devices, Alexa doesn’t always hear me, and it’s not as loud as I hoped	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Studio	If you are looking for a good sounding speaker most speakers at this price point have much better sound quality. If you want an alexa speaker that sounds ok this will work. I would not purchase this speaker again or recommend it.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The sound is very good, but its integration with other devices is poor!!!!  I have to keep the hub so the Echo will control lights, thermostat etc	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Can't skip songs when playing Spotify and when you ask Alexa to play Spotify it plays it but it plays it with commercials like you don't have a premium account don't know why but it doesn't make sense also be aware that you may be forever changing the volume on the Alexa studio and from your phone because it doesn't connect together you Alexa maybe at one volume and your phone might be at another overall the quality of the sound is good but there is a lot of bugs that need to be fixed especially with Spotify it wants you to use Amazon for your primary listening but not everyone likes it it's not user-friendly on the app you have to go through several obstacles just to get to the device settings and overall my opinion about Alexa is she doesn't listen well especially when asking to play something thru Spotify.	2	February 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I like it but the microphone doesn’t work as well as the dot. It’s in the living room and probably 20 feet away from the kitchen dot. I often have to repeat instruction to the studio and sometimes when I do it gets picked up by the dot in the kitchen instead. Always had a great Alexa experience but If I’d started with this studio I would have never continued on because it’s frustrating to repeat things frequently to the studio.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	When sync to Firestick the command for turn up volume doesn’t work properly. Most times when watching movies the sound is not clear. Also when turn up to maximum you still can’t hear it.	3	April 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I returned this item.  10 days after installing the voice recognition speaker worked, however the music stopped playing unless I unplugged it then re plug it in, then it only worked for a short time.  Customer service walked me thru a complete reset of everything. It worked for 2 days then back to the same problem.  Tried another customer service agent who was clueless wanted me to wait 4 days for an answer as to how to resolve the problem. I asked for an exchange which she was clueless about or just didn't want to do. Ultimately I returned it. I look forward to trying another one someday.  Just my experience.When it worked I loved it.	2	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The Echo Studio has better bass than an Echo does, but not as much as a Sonos does.  I wanted to get the Sonos added to my Alexa everywhere group, but it wouldn't work, so had to settle for the Echo Studio.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The echo studio has great music sound, however it’s response is slow and hard to communicate with. I liked my original version with remote and wish this device had a remote to improve communication and skip songs more easily.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Amazon really SCREWED up on this product. The sound below level 5 is just about awful. Giving more power to the smaller speakers at the lower volumes seems to be a very simple process, but they didn't do it. Also, the microphones on on TOP of the enormous speaker instead of the sides. So, since the volume has to be above five, you have to scream at the ceiling in order to be heard. They had a chance to beat the living tar out of the competition but left some serious flaws on the table. I should have waited for second generation but oh well.UPDATE: I really HATE that the microphones are on top of the device. DO NOT buy this until Amazon fixes this serious freaking issue.One year after buying this piece of junk, it won't stay connected to my network. All off my other Echo devices work just fine.JUNK. JUNK. JUNK.	2	December 1, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Over hyped, too expensive. Open boxed, used item received as “new”.Absolutely not worth the additional $. More tiny speakers does not equal better sound in this case. Can’t believe I was sent a used, repackaged item for this price.  But I can understand why the first person returned it.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I am a fan of Alexa products. Have the echo dot 2nd and 3rd generation. Have also two Echos 2nd generation. All understand me perfectly well. But this thing is a disaster. I almost need to yell at it sometimes. Just doesn’t understand. Very frustrating, since it is in my kitchen and use it e.g. as cooking timer.	3	June 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have several echo dots around the house. I bought the Echo Studio so I could have it by my TV and have a superior sound. The sound is weak, empty with no substance behind it. For the money, I'd just keep my dots. At higher volumes though the sound is very good.	3	September 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The microphone is not as good as the original echo we had. We have to say ""Alexa"" much louder for the device to hear us.  It is almost to the point of returning the unit, but the sound is much better, so I guess it is a trade-off."	3	October 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I thought I was getting a high-end version of the echo, and I will admit the sound quality is very good. But that does not compensate for the fact that i cannot speak to the studio in a normal voice- i have to holler to get its attention or to change volume or pretty much anything else. I have an echo, two echo dots and a TAP - they all respond to a normal speaking voice without any issues. I am very disappointed since i love all the other products.	2	July 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Music is crystal clear and sounds great.Pairing with a firecube is mixed. The sound is great, but it's impossible to set at a level where you can hear dialog and the movies sound doesn't blow you out if the room.There is a vast sound difference between dialog and music or effects in the same movie.	3	June 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	For Amazon HD and Ultra HD music, the sound quality is just okey for $200. For 3D, it‘s getting better. However, there is not a lot 3D music.	3	May 30, 2021	1
Echo Studio	If you love to listen to crisp clear music with great clear high ends, moderate mid range and good clear bass.You won't get any of that with Echo Studio.It is a very boxy mono sound with limited equalizer adjustments and is loud and distorted at high volume.It has the potential of better sound but you must subscribe to amazon's hd music service to get it.I was very disappointed in this sound as I expected to hear something wonderful and this is very far from it.Get the Bose home speaker 500 for around the same cost and you will not be disappointed	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I'm updating my review again. I tried two regular Fire Sticks and neither worked without distortion. Went through a few optical cables and that didn't work. I ended up buying a 4K Fire Stick and an Ethernet adapter. The audio hasn't dropped or distorted yet, so switching to the 4K seems to have solved that problem. I still can't get the Fire Stick remote to control the Studio, but that's a different issue. No audio distortion is a win. The issue now is that the sound gets out of sync. I have to disconnect the Fire Stick and Studio and reconnect them in the Alexa app to fix it. The sound is good when it works, but it's been a weeks long, fiddly process to get the thing to work. And only sometimes at that. I definitely regret the purchase of the Studio. I'd return it if I could.	2	February 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The Echo Studio works great as a better sounding Echo. The voice recognition is great as always and it sounds better than a standard Echo. The music integration works without a problem.I was not impressed with the sound quality. When compared to an Apple HomePod, the sound is just mediocre. I felt that mids were muddy. The speaker lacks that pop you get from the home pod. The bass was much weaker in comparison.	3	February 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Very amazing speaker but only if you pair with a fire steaming device, without it it's not worth the price. Sometimes the sound stop working for about 10 seconds when watching a movie.	3	April 9, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality lacking and for the price there are better options. It wasn’t as good as I was expecting after seeing and reading other reviews. I’ve used it just for music and to be honest the much cheaper echo 3 I actually prefer over this.With that said, I do like the Alexa functionality and hub built in. I haven’t tried it for movies yet, but with Atmos Firestick functionality it is something that adds a nice bit of additional flexibility.	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Studio	The sound is great for music but not so much for movies. The high bass drowns out the dialogue at times. Also, does not connect to TV unless you have fire TV or connect directly with an optical cable.  Smart TV wont recognize it over bluetooth or wifi ... optical cable only.	3	September 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The best sounding Echo if use standalone.  However, beware if you plan to get two for stereo pair set up.  I purchased two with intention of using as stereo pair to get best possible sound from Amazon Music HD.  Unfortunately when use as stereo pair there is an irritating pop/click sound coming from the both speakers  every time between songs, this destroys the experience while listening to your favorite playlist.It's been frustrating 3 months working with Amazon Support to have this problem fix with no progress.	2	June 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Echo Speaker is nice, sound is good .  But Alexa ..... not even bit close to Google.  Disappointed. I give Alexa D  maybe C as grade  Wish it responded like Google.  Most of the time I get ""I don't know or I don't understand ""  come one amazone make Alexa and A not D .  So Echo as music player it's solid B +, Alexa on the other hand gets D."	3	January 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I wanted to upgrade my first generation Echo to the latest and greatest model. So fat, I have been really happy. The bass is definitely tighter and more powerful and the treble sounds richer. It is quite a bit bigger and heavier so factor that in if you decide to purchase one. The Alexa app is as clunky as ever but adding the device was pretty easy. Overall, a definite improvement !	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Really great sound quality, Alexa functionality.  I couldn't configure remote from Samsung Smart TV, Amazon Fire Cube and Echo Studio to work together.  Remote works fine with TV, Cube and current sound bar but replace soundbar with Studio, remote no longer works for Cube or sound. However basic setup eg linking Studio to Echo is easy, can control both cube and studio via voice commands but shouting commands while watching movies isnt for everyone.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality is great, but linking two of them together with the echo link, the sound was underwhelming. I was told they would not perform better hooked into my turntable. I was very disappointed.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It’s a great speaker sound is awesome , but I brought it thinking I cane create home Theater by connecting the studio to my echo plus.  YOU CANT DO THAT you need 2 of the same devicesSo I am disappointed, and it doesn’t make sense that you can’t Create a home theater connecting the echo studio and echo plus together they just want you to spend extra money to have two of the same devices	3	December 26, 2019	1
Echo Studio	This was worth it for a sale item otherwise I would have returned this by now. The voice recognition and service integration is horrible. The app features suck terribly and the voice recognition is spotty at best.	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I really wanted to love this. I plugged it in and it did everything in just a minute or so. That's great!When I paired with my Fire TV, mostly perfect. The sound for tv and movies is amazing!!!!! When I went to YouTube the sound lost 50% volume. I tried everything. Even spent a considerable amount of time search for answers. Unfortunately, nothing works to fix this. I like my videos as loud as everything else.I have no other issues with it. Everything else is perfect. I did buy this for sound though.Sorry Amazon, I'm sending this back.	1	March 10, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"After watching countless YouTube reviews about this speaker, I took the plunge and bought it. At first the sound was good but not great (It maybe because I have the speaker in an open room) but my biggest issue is syncing this speaker. It's always out of sync, I even purchased AmazonBasics Optical Toslink to Mini Toslink Jack Digital Audio Cable for a direct connection ""STILL out of SYNC""."	3	February 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I dont care about alexa is vs siri etc etc...This review is simply for the ones who care about it’s audio quality vs the homepod.Homepod is by far superior with a deeper cleaner punchier bass, way better voice clarity, and just hits those instruments a whole lot better.	3	August 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It’s the best. Music now fills our house — Broadway shows  favorite singers from the 70s-80s, classical and symphonies. We are so happyv	3	June 8, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Edit: after 5 weeks they are sending a replacement. This is the 2nd speaker to have replaced. BUYER BEWARE....This is a great speaker when it works. As a stand alone speaker it was great. Once I purchases a second one and the sub I've had nothing but issues trying to get them to work together. They do for a bit but then suddenly unpair or one stops working or unsynch from my Fire TV. I have wasted a ton of time with the very unhelpful tech support chat trying to troubleshoot. I have sincere buyer's remorse.	1	April 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Almost every time I go to use this, the light on top spins blue.  As a result the device is unusable because it doesn’t acknowledge you.  Such a waste of money.	1	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The product simply does work as advertised.  I bought some lights from Sylvania for under cabinet installation.and what shows up in the frequently bought together section? Echo Studio. Amazons latest and greatest echo yet, and the most expensive by far. A built-in hub that is compatible with everybody. We'll even include a Hue bulb that can even be voice-controlled by Alexa. I'm an electrician by trade and have installed many under cabinet lighting projects. But I'll admit being 65 I didn't grow up with Wi-fi and Bluetooth. So I assumed it was my problem. So I bought another Studio and duplicate of all the parts I had used and a $14.00 gateway they said I wouldn't need. I then hired an IT tech and paid him $200.00 to find out it wasn't me, it was the studio. So with that $14.00 gateway and a $69.00 Google/Nest hub, I'm up and running like a champ. I can ask my Google/Nest hub to show me live video from my Nest Hello Doorbell. I have given up on the amazon Alexa echo-system and am A Google/Nest man now. I highly you all do the same. Now I can't get my refund because I dropped it off at Kohl's.	1	June 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Only giving this 2 stars because it's cuts out so much but when it works it's amazing. I wish they would fix it with a update. If it worked all the time would get 10 Stars	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought two echos studios in order to pair and use as a home music system. I was sorely disappointed because it doesn’t really enable you to connect two Spotify accounts at once (like Sonos does).Spent hours on both Amazon and Spotify support to try to figure out, and it simply wouldn’t work.Don’t recommend if your household uses more than one Spotify account (Spotify connect will only work with one of your accounts)Even setting up Amazon household did not fix the issueThe sound is pretty good, but not as good as the Sonos that I replaced my two studios with.	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Echo studio has very good sound quality for the price. The 3D effect I turned off since there are no real libraries for the proprietary 3D encodings. But I am returning my unit, because when you play it loud, it will not hear your commands over the loud music! It will hear it, of course, but after you shout as loud as one can, and multiple times at that! Other have found solutions such as adding a remote control and such, but then it defeats the whole speak and command utility of such a device, and then we are back to the remote control jungle of the yesteryears!	2	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	After 2 years of light use it won’t stay connected to the internet.	1	October 11, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Was really looking forward to this! Unfortunately it can't be paired with echo dots, can only pair with either my soundbar IR my TV but not both, etc.  I had the Sony 500 and returned because I thought I would be able to pair this with other Amazon products for better sound around my place but since I can't, I'd rather pay the extra $$ for much better sound quality from Sony. Disappointing.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Movie theater style sound. I believe it would really be nice with to working in tandem. For a small room its perfect. Nice bass and beautiful highs. Update bought another one. Works fine in the fire family but don't understand why the 2 speakers cant work in tandem with digital out to one. Thinking of returning the 2nd one since only 1 will play with my ps4 and cable.	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Great sound quality but gets all funky and if you put it in home theatre, it’ll skip out for minutes at a time and rarely syncs up with the tv	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"This was a nice product, paired with their SubWoofer. The sound was quite good ""for background music""  A few months back Amazon network went down.  It took down ""My Library"" on Amazon.  My library still works on the Dot and Show, but this box is now just an expensive brick.  We went through Amazon support and they told us our Studio was broken and sent us a new one. EXACT same problem.  If I had to guess, I think Amazon deliberately killed ""My Library""  to get us to sign up for their monthly service, but we have hundreds of disks we purchased from Amazon in My Library, so a monthly service doesn't make sense."	1	January 27, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I purchased two of the echo studios from Best Buy and I am not impressed.  The sound quality is better then the echo, but no where near as good as some other speakers like these.  I had two of these and the sub in a stereo pair and you couldn’t even tell the sub was connected.  I have 3 Echoes throughout my home and you cannot put the studio in a group with the echos. It just seems like the functionality isn’t there in the app for these studio speakers.Update!  I called amazon thinking that something has to be wrong with my setup or studio speakers.  After much discussion they sent two new studio speakers.  I just set them up and they still sound just okay.  I was replacing my echo gen 2’s with these.  They sound better then the gen 2’s, but when the gen 2s have a sub paired with them they sound nearly as good as the studios.  When I added the sub to the studio  pair it was as if the sub needed to be inverted.  The sub canceled out any bass from the studios.  I so wanted to love these speakers, but they’re being returned and the gen 2s will go back to being used.	1	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality is not so different or better than my original Echo device. Sub woofer is not so remarkable as one might expect. The black color seems outdated. Installation and activation is excellent however, and integrates easily as a replacement Echo device.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	When it worked it was great, but sound clarity and punch can’t make up for spotty connections, speaker drops and constant restarts needed to keep reinitializing  the speakers to my Firestick 4K. This happened regardless of location to the router.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The sound quality of this unit is great. Unfortunately, how I use it the most is listening to music, and it often fails at that. Sometimes, when I tell Alexa to ""play Spotify"", nothing happens. When I open Spotify on my computer, it shows that it is connected to the unit. When I press Play, nothing happens. The song does not play. After restarting Spotify on my computer, it often resets, and everything works. Sometimes it doesn't. When it doesn't, I have to unplug the Echo Studio to restart it.I also have an Echo Dot, and there has never been any problems getting Spotify to play on it.For the price of this unit, I would expect it to work better."	2	August 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"First, sound quality is great. However, I am extremely frustrated that the Echo Studio will not pair with my Toshiba Fire TV!!! The Fire TV is built in to this Toshiba model. I specifically bought it so that it would be in the same echo system as my other Alexa enabled devices. So, now, If I want the Echo Studio to serve as a home theater speaker for my TV, I have to buy a Fire TV device to put on my Fire TV. Seriously!!!!Not to mention that on the Studio, Alexa often doesn't respond. I have tried, ""Alexa, find my devices."" and she never responds. I have tried, ""Alexa, check for updates."" and she never responds.What gives? This is why I usually wait for subsequent versions to come out. I have learned my lesson. All I have now is a really expensive speaker that I can stream audio through."	2	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I have linked it with the Amazon bass. Each room has echo units in them. If I use the Everywhere command the sound is OK. But alone the sound is so so. I was hoping for a wonderful, deep sound that would rock my world. It gets confused time to time. The other echos will continue to play but the studio drops out. After a few minutes it comes back on.	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	you sold a unit that is known to carry sound output which it does well,however you can not get a surround sound with one speaker.so when i went to connect external logitech speakers to this to my astonishment YOU CAN'T.totally sad thinking on the developers side.even with my echo dot 1st gen i can hook up external speakers to get more of a surround sound.very dissapointed.thinking of returning it. when it comes to music this was it's purpose.	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I was expecting a louder and more immersive sound from this pricey speaker.  Smaller Bose speakers sound better than this one.  Step up to Bose or Sonos, Amazon.	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My original unit kept pausing during playback of any kind of music even when playing the radio. They sent me a replacement that worked for about 90 days and it's doing the same thing. I've noticed this seems to be a pretty common issue and yet when you contact Amazon support they act like they've never heard of the issue. I'm switching to a Google Home and see if I have better luck. If I can't use it to play my Amazon music I'll just cancel my music subscription. Just as a side note, I love the thing when it's working.	2	February 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I bought from Best Buy. Was looking at Bose or Sonos. I listened to Echo Studio and loved the sound. Looked at box and said Bluetooth. I thought like 99% other sound bars, or sound cubes could play music. NOPE.You have to have WiFi to use the device and I bought for my office. No WiFi. Was highly disappointed because I loved sound. Ughhhhhhhh	3	March 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have several Echo's and the newest generation (in my opinion) have a better/richer sound bass included. This device while not bad was not loud and clear as I was expecting ( was expecting a bose type quality since they were similarly priced) so in hind sight I probably should have gotten the bose speaker with alexa	3	May 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Works horribly with Apple Music	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Really expected more.  The first gen Echo had decent sound from a tiny speaker.  Moving from the 2.5"" (I think) to the 5.5"" (I think) I thought it would fill the room with good sound.  In short, it sounds like poor equilization and we didn't really enjoy music on it.  Moved it down to the kitchen. So, it's basically a $200 Echo Dot now.  Bummer."	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Underwhelming. Had so much potential but speaker didn’t deliver the claimed Dolby Atmos sound quality. Tried it for a week and a half listening to Amazon Music 3D audio tracks and various HD songs. Used Spotify Premium on it too.The VIZIO SmartCast Crave Pro SP70-D5 speaker sounds much, much better than this. I will be waiting for the second iteration of the Echo Studio though.	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	No good, only highs and pounding bass. the mid is extremely lacking, result in shilling sound not very pleasing.  It can get really loud for a giant ball room though.  3D music is meh...not much difference. I prefer a good stereo good, balanced sound.	3	September 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Got this one hoping Alexa could hear us better, but our gen 2 dot has better voice recognition and it's really frustrating to have spent so much on something and it not be at least better than the old cheap version. The sound quality of the speakers is great though.	3	August 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Either my studio has defective speakers or the qualuty is reaky bad. The quality if the saund is similar or sometimes even wirst that my 1st gen amazon tap. I requested the replacement because it looks like it is deffective.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Product loses “itself”.  Will acknowledge voice requests and then goes silent and won’t play music until it’s reset. This happens every day. Our old alexa device hardly ever did this.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have other generation Alexa Devices throughout the house. This one is (By Far) the worst at recognizing your voice in commands. If I knew then what I know now....	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I try to be very honest.  To my ears, does not sound as good as Sonos One.  To another listener, the Echo may sound better.  I am very happy with it though.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Found it very difficult to work and set up with our FireCube. Its so big that it looked terrible setting in our family room. Doesn't blend in and hide. Just too big for that. The sound quality was not as good as Bose Solo 5. We returned after one week trying it.	3	July 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I thought the sound would be better for that much money.  Not happy about that	2	March 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I already have an echo and added the studio. The sound quality of the studio is just ok.  I expected the bass to be much better.  My plan was to use the echo as a satellite speaker but you can't do that if you have Amazon music without paying the subscription for another echo. I should have just bought a quality Sonos speaker.	3	February 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Not the impressive sound I was expecting for the price.  I think you a pair of powered bookshelf speakers and a dot will outperform this for the same or less money.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought 4 echo devices, 1 echo sub, fire tv and 1 echo studio and can’t pair them together for a home theatre surround sound with my tv because they only connect in pairs of left and right channel to the same device…now I’m poor and nothing works…well it’s good for playing music I guess. Thanks Amazon.	1	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I purchased this with plans to replace our Google Home Max as we are an Amazon Alexa home. Incorporating it into our home was easy and all of our smart devices work well with our setup compared with the problems we have with Google Home. However, when you compare both sound quality, base and volume/loudness, the Google Home Max blows the doors off the Studio. There is a dramatic difference when you put the two side by side. Considering the Studio is more expensive than the Max - I returned it the same day I received it. Very disappointed in this product.	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Pretty good speaker and bass, feel it could do much better i still have to use the remote of phone to keep for some activities	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	We have Echo devices all over the house.  I decided to splurge and buy two of these thinking I was going to have great quality stereo sound in our nice-sized bedroom (17'x18').  This did not live up to the hyper at all.  Hook was fairly simply and straight forward as Amazon has mastered this process through the great integration with the Alexa app (at least on iOS).  The sound was not nearly as good as I expected and I ultimately sent both back.  Trust me, I really wanted this to be great but it was at best so-so.  If  you're looking for stereo sound I would stick with getting two cheaper priced Echo or Echo Plus and calling it a day.	2	May 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"I hoped to use this as a computer speaker. I like to listen to music in my home office and I wanted good sound.However, there's no input for a standard 3.5 mm speaker plug, so the only way to connect to a PC is with Bluetooth. But the lag is about 1/2 second, so when I watched a video with people speaking, the delay was really obvious and distracting. This probably wouldn't be an issue if I just wanted to stream music.Also, every time I woke the laptop up, the Echo shouted ""Now connected to ___ computer"" at full volume - super annoying. According to the support forums, this can't be turned off.I'm returning the Echo Studio - I guess it's just not designed to be a computer speaker."	2	March 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	What a failure. I really wanted to like this product. I purchased this to have a speaker to listen to music with. Mostly on Spotify.  It has good sound but it’s inability to do simple things is inexcusable. For example, volume control. There is no way to mute or turn down Alexa’s voice. So in the middle of the night Alexia’s voice at full volume scared my wife to $@!/. Why is there a light on this that cannot be turned off? Why would I want a nightlight when trying to sleep? Why is there a different volume range for Bluetooth? Why can’t it have a default volume setting so when you come back later you don’t blast your ears off? Why does Alexa need to respond to my commands? Just do what I say.  I don’t want to hear your voice.	1	October 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The sounds is great but if you pair it with a HD fire stick it is very flaky.  It randomly stops working (no sound).  The voice also gets out of sync with the tv randomly (very frustrating).  I love it the moments it works but it is a chore to keeping it connected with the hd fire tv stick (resetting, unpairing etc.).  Even when directly connected via a audio wire it stops working almost every day and I need to unplug it and plug it back in.	2	April 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality is great. Can get very loud. Great bassAudio delay is making me return it though. Expected it to replace soundbar as it was touted to start with.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought the Echo Studio to connect to my 43” Insignia Fire TV but the only way I can get it to work is via Bluetooth. Bluetooth works fine for music, but for regular tv programs I have a terrible lip sync problem that I have been unable to solve. Others have the same problem. The only solution might be to connect a separate fire stick to the TV so that I can get audio via WiFi, not Bluetooth. The Studio works fine, but not as a speaker for Indignia Fire TV. It looks like Amazon is not supporting the Fire Tv app built into a smart Insignia Fire TV.	2	October 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was under the impression that this echo could be paired with my new Smart tv for soundAfter hours of attempting to pair it and emails with Amazon it was revealed by an Amazon tech that the echo could NOT be paired with a televisionThis was news to the Amazon  technician who needed other technical support to inform him of this after almost 1 hour on the phone with himHe tried hard to get it working only to discover that this speaker could not be paired with any televisionVery disappointing	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Hi fidelity? Not really. Somewhat better sound than a standard echo, but to claim it is ""hi-fidelity"" in my opinion is stretching the truth quite a bit. If I had heard it before I bought it, I wouldn't have spent the money."	3	October 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sometimes it takes a few times for her to hear me call ALexa. Also, I would ask her to do something and she would do something else. I’m right next to her and she can’t hear or understand. It gets frustrating sometimes.	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I HATE IT.  IT HAS MANY DEFECTS AND HAS HAD SINCE I RECEIVED IT.  I hired a very knowledgeable man, who has the same model and loves it, to set it up when it arrived.  i EVEN HIRED SOMEONE TO DO A FACTORY RESET but that didn't help the problems among which are:  the radio simply shuts off for no reason at all.  this is extremely annoying.  the volume has WIDE fluctuations without my telling it to change the volume, even in the SAME song or station i'm trying to pla  often when i tell it to change to a specific voume, it doesn't do it.there are other problems also.this is a LOUSY PIECE OF EQUIPMENT.I KEPT IT THIS LONG BECAUSE I WANTED TO MAKE SURE it wasn't just me making some kind of mistake, and that it wasn't the ratio station that was to blame etc.I WANT MY MONEY BACK.  What do i have to do to  GET my money back?NO I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS UNIT, NOT EVEN TO SOMEONE I DON'T LIKE.	1	August 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound is better than a traditional Echo, but still not great. I am disappointed in the sound quality. I've realized that spending the same amount of money on some dedicated speakers that you can plug into a standard Echo produces much better sound.	3	September 12, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Honestly I was hoping to like it. Tried to hook up to tv with optical cable and there’s a sound delay so it looks like everyone is lip singing... the sound wasn’t that great either...I was hoping for better. Also linking groups of echo speakers should be easier. They get disconnected. Tech support was good but they said they get these complaints often.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	In home theater mode it seems to cut out on occasion and I miss a sentence or two. Working with the support team to rectify the situation.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Not exactly all it was hyped up to be in my opinion. I expected to be blown away by the sound quality and 3D immersion. I was not that impressed not $200 bucks worth. Could have had a Bose for that price.	3	September 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	We've enjoyed using our earlier echoes, but this one just doesn't measure up. Primarily, the problem is poor connectivity to other devices and the fact that it lacks even a minor battery backup. Every time the power goes out, it takes a while to reconnect.As a second consideration, it is much larger than a 10-year-old Bose speaker we've enjoyed, but the sound is inferior.If Amazon wants to improve this product, the issues above need to be addressed.	2	May 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It's  nice and loud and definitely  love it but I am going to have to get the sub so it sounds better!	3	April 7, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The speakers work ok when they work.  They kick out frequently and need to be reset far too often.  They’ve just started adding weird noises that I initially thought was an animal stuck in a wall.  I don’t think I‘ll get another set when they finally go completely; too expensive for only lasting a year.	2	October 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Kept disconnecting from WiFi. Didn’t recognize a network with 100+ meg download. Finally called the techs, halfway through they disconnected me, never called back.Would most assuredly never buy again or recommend.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	These sounds good s long as you're listening to a song in 3D, which there aren't many to choose from. On non-3D recordings it sounds like the vocals are being sung through a can...it's terrible. I have two Studios with a sub, and I can't imagine how bad they'd sound with just one. The sun is pretty muffled without any real 'pop,' is more of a rumble than a hit.There are so many issues with the voice commands and Amazon Music. Sometimes your playlists aren't found; songs cut off before they're over; songs and artists aren't found even when you're looking right at them in Amazon Music.Customer service is a joke when it comes to their knowledge of the protect...they really don't know what they're talking about and it's highly frustrating.	2	February 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It is great for music and the 7 microphones built in are fantastic, but it has a problem with connecting from another device through the optical cable. it keeps disconnecting and you have to unplug it and plug it back in to reconnect. To me, this is a big problem.	3	June 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Todo es exelente!Execto q no tiene sensor d temperatura para ser el mejor echo de Amazon!Y su cable de energía se aprecia q es un plastico regular!Y para colmo no tiene detector de personas en sonido no me quejo espectacular	1	August 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality if pretty mediocre on the Studio; there's a very tinny undertone to it. But the real issue was that I bought two of these with an Echo Sub to create a home theater setup. I'd been frustrated by the horrible connectivity of Sonos. These aren't any better -- in fact, they probably are worse. First, it was next to impossible to get the Sub and Echos to join a Fire TV 4K to make a home theater setup. There were repeated and inexplicable network errors at every turn. The two times I got the setup to work? The sound came in and out before it just simply stopped working.Cannot recommend anyone getting this for a home theater setup. Severely disappointing.	1	December 17, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Alexa has a hard time responding to my requests. I was also disappointed in the volume of this echo. I thought for $200 the volume would be louder.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It sounds great not loud enough though n the bass is subpar. Price is way to high for this as a single product	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Have many speakers. Try many speakers. This echo studio sound quality doesn't surprise me at all. The only thing it wow me. It's the set up sound. After that. I'm sure I will only pay less than hundred bucks for the sound. Even echo input with my old computer speaker sounds much better than this. LoL 3d music!!???  No difference at all..	3	December 31, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Amazon, get with it. You practically own the planet. Your Alexa app is trash. Are you purposely trying to raise your customers blood pressure?! I have a Studio. I love the sound. I HATE the fact that 50% of the time it won’t do what I ask it to. Alexa, lower volume. NOPE! DENIED! And the ABSOLUTE TOP OF THE HEAP....NUMERO UNO REQUEST!!! SEPARATE CONTROL FOR ALEXAS VOICE!!!! I set my living room volume at about 3 for music. I then want to check a notification so I ask. I can’t hear her! It’s too low! Any chance you can implement that update?	2	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I can't begin to tell you how incredibly disappointed I am with these overpriced speakers. I bought 2 of them for use as a home theater for my fire tv cube. Since day one it's been a disaster. Immediately after setting them up, and disconnecting my soundbar my TV and movie watching experience has been wrought with frustration. My sound and TV picture are out of sync. Not talking like milliseconds, no, I'm talking about 30, or 40 seconds. I stop my video from playing and I get sound coming out of my speakers for another 40 seconds. I can even start another video and I still get sound from the previous video coming through the speakers. I NEVER HAD THIS PROBLEM UNTIL I HOOKED UP THE NEW SPEAKERS! I spent 400 dollars for this? I called customer service and the guy said he'd never heard of this happening before but that he'd research and call me back in 30 to 60 minutes. 4 days later I called customer service back. I logged a ticket and now I get an email telling me to make sure I'm not using an optical cable and other such canned responses that mean the developers never actually read my ticket or problem.	1	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Bought to use in Florida room. When listening to music, there isn't a huge difference between listening to my original Echo device. Would probably sound better if paired with another, but then for the price of two, might as well buy a Bose.	3	August 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Yo so many people lying about this speaker. This is NOT a 5 star speaker WHAT SO EVERWhen this first came out I laid the full price for it so my feelings are that of what a 200$ speaker should sound like and operate like and this ain’t it.It’s bigger than it needs to be. The Alexa ecosystem is awful and probably won’t be around much longer. Sounds half as good as a homepod but is twice as big.  This speaker stays on sale because it sucks.	2	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"So, I plug it in for the first time, it runs through set up, fairly easy and straightforward, it then asks me something like ""would you like to hear a demo of 3D music"", so of course I do ""yes alexa""....expecting some sort of instrumental or nature sounds it then fires up this song I would shortly Shazam to learn who the heck put this song out; ""WAP"" by Cardi B.  Let's just say this has got to be one of the most obscene songs I have ever heard.  Being in my 40's and not up on the current music scene as I once was I cringed at the thought that this song could possibly already be out in the mainstream and cringed at the idea of any child, teen, parent hearing this utter garbage coming out of their new purchase polluting their house. Oh jeez, is this really the world we are living in.  Please Amazon do your best not to have an X-Rated ""song"" play as a ""demo"" of your flagship speaker."	1	October 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have three echo dots, two echo shows and bought this echo studio thinking the sound would be far superior to the others.  I don’t hear it.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought this to use as an echo/soundbar to pair with my 4K firestick. Let me tell ya, the audio drops all the time, I’m constantly having to into the app and change setting to make it work.Update from a few weeks later: honestly if I could give this negative stars I would. This product is such a nightmare to make work. Volume is a no go for the twitch app, which blows my mind since that’s another Amazon product. This thing sucks beyond belief, avoid at all costs	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Buyers Beware! Very very very disappointed to spend my pension money on Sony speakers and to listen to crackling sounds from both speakers set at 75%.	1	August 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Audio quality fantastic. But I still think the Echo Dot Plus out preforms this thing as far as other features are concerned. For example, the Studio cannot sense temperature but the Echo Dot Plus can. Was it worth the money? Idk, I have mixed feelings about it.	3	June 12, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Don't like the fact that blue tooth is limited to Amazon only apps which makes it useless when you want to listen to customize music or lyrics	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"This speaker is basically a marketing tool enabling Amazon Alexa® to help you fill your Amazon Shopping Cart®. Playing music is just a lure to get you in, everything else about this speaker is uniformly aligned to one single purpose: buying more stuff from Amazon.The problem with these devices is the ""Alexa"" voice interface. It is grossly incompetent as a personal assistant. It is loud, inappropriate, even disrespectful in the way it talks over you, jumps to conclusions, won't shut up, exhibits faux enthusiasm and invariably does the wrong thing.Aside from the integration with Amazon Shopping® there's little to offer in this speaker and and endless supply of frustration. I will probably replace this thing with a Bose or other modern speaker that has actual buttons on it, at some point."	1	September 18, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I enjoyed the sound from the echo studio for a year but within two weeks of the one year warrantee running out the unit is dead.I will be looking at other brands for replacement	1	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Studio	After having the studio, sub, and TV for only two months, the sub doesn’t play consistently, and the studio is now totally broken. The TV is great though; especially for the price!I have had to unpair and reset up everything multiple times in two months, and separately reset the studio even more.I am really disappointed because I love the idea of having all my ecos, TVs, and systems paired and on the same control platform, but these are just not good!	1	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Studio	After a few days, I returned this. I had no trouble pairing with my Fire Stick and the HD music sounded pretty good. However, it would take about 30 seconds for the Studio sound to come on when watching a show and sometimes it cut in and out.  Sound wasn’t as dynamic as I had hoped.	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Overall good speaker - clean sound, great range for microphones (invoking Alexa), connects to firetv. The problem is - advertised Dolby Atmos doesn’t really work anywhere besides Prime Videos with 1 series supporting it and Amazon HD music, where you have very few 3D songs. Netflix, Disney+ and other apps don’t support FireTV + Echo Studio to produce Atmos sound.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound is fine, not the depth I imagined but just fine.  Problem is that it will arbitrarily shut off and discontinue playing.  When we request to continue playing Alexa say ok, then doesn't play.  Sometimes we have had a garbled song to which we have to shut it down.  We called a help number that was very good in helping us reboot the system.  But a day later it is doing the same thing.  Not sure if it is not cooperating with our internet but we never had these problems with the Dot.	2	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Disappointed when I’ve asked to play music it shut offs after 45 mins even when I’ve asked to play for three hours.  Disappointed	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I ordered two Echo Studio speakers when they were first released. At $200 a pop, these things aren't cheap. Things went okay for a while, but as of yesterday ine of my speakers has the blue ring of death. I've powered it off, I've used a different outlet, I've tried to reset it, and every other thing recommended by technical support. I even swapped the power cord with the other echo studio that is still working and nothing has changed. I have an infinitely spinning blue light and a new $200 paperweight. For $200, this thing should not die after 2 years. Conveniently it is just out of its replacement window, and it is not an available selection on Amazon's trade-in program page. I am beyond frustrated and angry.	1	November 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Definitely not impressed with the sound quality. I made the decision to purchase based on various online reviews rating it closely to another product I own which is a Marshall Kilburn yes I know the Kilburn costs $100 more than the Studio but reviews were comparing them as close.  Next i know the Kilburn is not the best measure but I happen to own one because I love the convince of being able to carry it around and take it outside. Lastly If you have a large room 20x25 with vaulted ceilings it just doesn’t fill the room. It gets loud but again it doesn’t seem to surround you. If you have audiophile grade or even close to audiophile grade equipment I would recommend going with another option.	2	February 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	man... this would have 5 stars if i just listened better.  some of the alexa features just aren't great and the fact that you can't switch from playing music back to the auxiliary without unplugging it.	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Not as loud as expected. Loose connectivity frequently. Overall good sound for the price. Would be nice if you could play music through Bluetooth through both at the same time.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is acceptable, nothing fantastic	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Highly recommend this no problems,sound quality is very good!	3	June 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I would have expected a lot louder potential, there are blue tooth speakers out there much smaller with much larger sound I could have linked to a much cheaper Echo Dot. I expected much more.	3	October 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This Echo Studio doesn't sound horrible but it also doesn't sound much better than my Echo gen 1.  The subwoofer component is nice but I don't think there is much value in this model as a stand alone unit at $170-$200.	3	June 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Despite the intriguing design, I found the sound quality lacking.  The Alexa features did not make up for sound quality for me. I returned it and ended up paying much more for a competing product.  But I consider myself an audiophile and sound quality is more important than price for me in most cases.	3	February 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Spatial qualify of sound is great for a single unit. It has upward firing speakers that increase the effect. It's supposed to be great when another Alexa sound source is added.	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Music sound quality is good, but when it's paired with the TV, it doesn't play as loud.  I have it on the patio, so it would be nice if it would play louder.	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Not so sure about this yet... has it for 2 weeks or so now... still undecided...Pro""s1) bass is definitely improved over previous devices2) doesn't break up at loud volumes unless you push it to 10Con's1) doesn't seem as responsive to voice commands like my echo plus2) still not sure about the studio quality sound, but it is better"	3	November 24, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I'm primarily listening to music or streaming radio on this device during the day and it is an endless source of frustration. The sound is perfectly fine, even great for my purposes. No complaints there. The connectivity, on the other hand, is terrible. Bluetooth is so inconsistent that it's unusable. Playing Spotify through this speaker is only slightly more consistent, but if you want to switch to the next song, that can be waaay to much to ask of this device. My little old first gen Echo Dot was a champ at this in comparison. Why is this technology getting worse?	2	September 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I do not have access to all of the music that I once did while using the echo dot. I'm told that I must pay an additional  $14.99 per month to access music that I once had. Through Amazon Prime I used to ask Alexa to play a song and it would play, now it tells me that I must upgrade. I like the sound but was not expecting to pay more, or lose access to music that I once had.	2	February 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It a great sounding speaker but i thought it would work like a sound bar .which you have to buy a cord to use it as such.and alexa wont work when you use it as a soundbar	3	September 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	When I receive the Echo Studio - High-fidelity smart speaker I was amazed how heavy it was  it's the perfect speaker to make my home theater	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I’ve had the Studio for almost a year and it’s the gift that keeps on irritating!!! Alexa fails to understand simple commands such as “ play everywhere”, I own 3 of them and would have one in every room if it worked properly! Turns off on its own in under an hour and says “ sorry, Amazon music stopped because there was no activity” I’m listening, what activity does it expect! I’ve googled and you tubed  for a fix and nothing works!! Many people have this issue!!! Amazon could easily fix but they obviously don’t care!! Would be the greatest thing ever if it just worked!! Today it stopped shuffling!!! UGH!!!!!	1	January 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I was very disappointed with the sound quality.  I have 4 echo plus units and they sound almost as good as this one and take up less space.	3	November 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	When it works, it is impressive, but mine keeps going offline and needing to be totally reset every couple days. Ill probably return it this week if it happens again.	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This, like the 4th gen echo, has a directional microphone.  You need to speak directly at it.Sound quality is average to below average.  Bass is ok.  Mids and highs lack quality no matter how much you change the equalizer.  Sound isn't very clear.	2	October 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Had this connected to my PC for audio. Every single time the speaker sat for more than a few minutes, even a simple Windows notification would cause the speaker to announce, at nearly full volume, the source it was connected to and playing from. You cannot turn the announcements off. So unless you're playing music through the speaker continuously, 24/7, you're going to be treated to Alexa screaming at you what source the speaker is connected to and playing from if you happen to click something one too many times in any Windows function. It's honestly mindbogglingly stupid that you can't simply turn this off. As for sound quality - at normal PC volumes there is ZERO bass response. Nothing. So annoying I returned it. Had high hopes. I like the Alexa service in general. It's light years ahead of Siri. But this speaker? Not so much.	1	April 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sounds seems nice, but at night the volume drifts up, louder and louder.  Not like our old Echo Plus.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I had really high hopes for this speaker, I have had 9 different echo devices (multiples of first 2 generation dots, first two generation echo's, echo tap) and this is by far the worst with me having to repeat myself to ensure it has heard me.  The sound is good, but not as rich as the sonos.  I find myself wondering if I should return it because I'm just not feeling like I got $200 worth out of it every time I have to repeat ""Alexa, what's the definition of insanity?"""	2	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality is not what I expected.  I thought there would be a significant difference between the standard Echo	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I was initially very impressed with the studio. After many months of music enjoyment it developed an annoying software glitch making it unlistenable. It will randomly get very loud and distorted.I would have to reduce the volume manually which would create another problem. The next song that was played would be too low to hear anywhere in the house. I would then increase the volume and go about my business untill the process would present itself again and again and again.Thinking I had a faulty studio I requested a replacement from Amazon and they promptly sent one out. It too developed the same problem and now is used as a place holder for one of our dots. The dots operate flawlessly.I do not recommend you buy a studio at this time. The dot works without issue in my home. It is a shame because when the studio works the sound is far better than the dot.	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Hoped it would have a bit more base. It is used with my echo show	3	April 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have been disappointed with this speaker overall, now it sounds fantastic with amazon music in hd dont get me wrong but when listening to iheart and Sirius xm even at regualar volume levels there is distinct distortion, it just does not sound right. When use my little bluetooth speaker with my echo dot it sounds better than the studio, i do alot of music listening on some high end equipment so the echo studio just doesnt hit all the right marks in my opinion. And also the bass can be bloated quite a bit.	2	September 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Echo Studio is ok. The sound is decent but for the price, I expected better. If this was under a $100,then I would recommend it.All in all,not bad,just over priced.	3	November 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Useful for alarm, timer, radio, smartplug control That's it.1. sound is not even as good as bose soundlink (5 times smaller)2. bluetooth frequently breaks up, almost unusable.3. you need your phone for all bluetooth connection, is this a joke?4. the search is not ""intelligent"" at all. only 50% chance you get things you want5. jokes are not funny at all6. This big thing has to be plugged in and it's not even a subwoofer"	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Did not always respond to my commands.	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sounds great! When it works :( It regularly ignores our requests. It won't stop playing songs sometimes and must be unplugged to silence it. This week it has failed to respond at all until I just unplugged it again. It does sound amazing though with the companion sub! I will send it to the basement whenever a better unit comes out and I feel like dropping $$$ again. We had an original echo in this same location that never gave us trouble btw.	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Biggest issue is it will not turn off or mute. Will be returning.	2	February 25, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Have to disconnect it from power several times per month since it is non responsive, more often than I expected. Also thought the sound would be richer.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	thought it was portable but it isn't ..... they always have to be plugged in ...... also I bought 2 to be stereo, but it will not play YouTube in stereo the way I want ...... I read this is because of some legal argument between the mega corporations ..... very annoying to the end user imo	3	December 18, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Doesn't disconnect the speaker when you plug in a headphone. The hub is a nice feature for those who have/want home automation.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I love the product pretty good sound. but if you need to yell at the thing to turn up or down or to change music it seems to be a problem.	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I already own a HomePod, I bought this because it has more ways to connect devices. I was initially impressed by the sound, but once I compared side by side with the same song I realized this one really falls short in sound quality. It’s definitely a massive upgrade from a regular echo though.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	With the highly rated reviews I was really expecting this to be special, but after listening to it for an hour and requesting HD music, all I can say is Meh....It's nicer than an Echo or Echo dot, but not an Echo dot plugged into my TV's 7.2 $400 sound system.One review said it filled the room with sound. Must be a small apartment dweller.It's akin to a nice radio, but a long ways away from a good stereo.Would not recommend and will return.The included Alexia Phillips light bulb works great and is a keeper though.....	2	June 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The device has no problems per se, however it's one of the most priciest echos around, and maybe I am not doing something right but this 3D sound sounds as good as my nose sound bar so don't really see the point, maybe it's juts a bigger speaker than the regular echo	3	February 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have two echo studios connected to a fire TV cube as a home theqter pairing. I like these when they are working, but I have been incredibly frustrated by bugs. I occat want to use Bluetooth headphones, but this inevitably breaks the home theater pairing. I have had major issues getting it to work again. I suspect the home theater pairing is not built to work with self organizing home networks (one SSID for both 2.4 and 5 radios). This needs to be fixed or there will be more and more customers with issues as this is pretter standard on new routers.	2	July 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Wish it was wireless... 😒$200 you would assume you can take it anywhere but nope.. it has to reboot every time you unplug..Sound quality is a 3 out of 5..	3	September 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	There is to much lag between stereo and sometimes one of the speakers get disconnected	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The power plug had a loose connection. Expected better sound quality for the price.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	could not get it to connect	1	September 28, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Bought it for Zigbee hub. Very limited amount of zigbee items that are discovered. Taking it back for a smart things hub. Disappointed. Also this thing is huge. Not very pretty so find somewhere to place it can be difficult.	3	June 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"I bought a set of these speakers as direct replacements for Sonos Play 1 speakers in the exact same configuration (i.e., room, stereo pair, source of music). I was hoping for better integration with Amazon music, but there is no difference; I wanted to like and dislike the songs being played and I was hoping Alexa could tell me what songs were playing. When playing music in stereo, Alexa says, ""nothing is playing right now"" every time I try to like or dislike a song. This shortfall has been documented previously with Amazon music, yet nothing has changed. Frankly, I like the Sonos better because there is more volume increments which benefits lower volume background music. And why can't I say ""Alexa, volume 15%"" (as opposed to one through 10). I'll admit, more time is needed to assess the speakers capability, but my initial assessment is merely mediocre for a speaker that has the hardware to create awesomeness. Fingers crossed they work as claimed with a 4k Firestick."	1	September 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I used to love the Echo Studio. I even have another one on order. After the last two days of this device not responding and not connecting to several of my enabled Alexa skills, I’m thinking about cancelling my second Echo Studio order. It seems like the system has a huge software bug, despite my recent update of the app. The device will NOT play AMAZON MUSIC or SiriusXM radio anymore.  The Studio will respond to other commands. Alexa confirms I’m connected to the internet.	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Blue light is on top difficult to see so not sure is Alexa is  activated. Should circle the side like of Alexa devices.Sound is better than other Alexa products. Better base form downward facing speaker	3	August 3, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality is terrible, volume doesn’t go as high	2	March 8, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"We purchased the whole system. It worked GREAT UNTIL THE LAST UPDATE. Now it ""forgets"" how to stay paired with our TV. It has to be set up EVERY STINKING DAY all over again as if we just put it in.JUNK! EXPENSIVE AND NOW CANT BE RETURNED."	1	July 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sounds good but won’t work in conjunction with both surround sound and fire TV had to pair with just fire tv.  Now I have to move my old home theatre to the basement for the movie room.  Wish it would pair with both to enhance the steep experience.	3	February 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Waited anxiously for this to arrive and get it added to my network of Echo devices.  And then it was a major let down.  I Bluetooth paired it with my 55 inch Amazon Fire TV and I thought I was going to start watching movies with some impressive booming sound.  Not only was it not booming I was barely able to hear it.  The built in TV speakers had louder volume than this thing did even when I turned it to max volume.  I have no problem with the ""quality"" of the sound just the lack of loudness.  I'm old school.  I want Top Gun the floor shaking volume.  Oh, and to make matters worse the words were out of sync with the mouths moving on the screen.  It's like it had some sort of bluetooth delay.  I went through every setting on the Alexa app and on my Fire TV and could not get any of this to improve.  Now it's just a 200 dollar music speaker.  NOT impressed Amazon!!!!"	1	April 13, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The Amazon Echo 3d Studio speaker will NOT work in tandem with your existing surround home theater.  We have a Klipsch 5.1 speaker setup, Marantz A/V receiver.  BE AWARE.  You CANNOT treat this speaker as an additional speaker nor add it as a 'soundbar'.  I do NOT recommend this Echo Studio 3d.  Your existing surround sound system will NOT output sound alongside the Studio 3d speaker.  It is one or the other.  4+ hours on phone with Amazon tech support.  Purchased the 2nd generation Fire Cube plus the 3d Studio speaker.  Both going back tomorrow, sadly.  Especially disappointed having ordered this and waited over a month before it was released.  Disconnected our Bose surround and replaced with Kipsch.  Four days with the boxes sitting on the table, just making sure all was up to date.  We also have a Sony Bravia 4k Ultra 80 or so inch TV, etc.  Best equipment my middle-America fam can afford and thought this would be a great addition versus adding 2 Dolby Atmos speakers (like our basement home theater) due to more furniture in our main living room vs. basement.	1	November 12, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I felt this device (echo studio) was very limited and only gave rich sound through the amazon music app. I have a fire stick and a fire cube and four echo dots. For the price i paid i was expecting rich sound with using the fire cube which i felt was limited to adding additional speakers. Also the echo studio's maximum volume was not as loud as i expected! I am very happy with the four echo dots i purchased and they preform well for the price. Will be returning this item (echo studio) ! For 200 this speaker is useless!	2	July 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Conveniently, for Amazon, my device began emitting a low level of distortion just after the warranty expired.They will not replace or offer any advice on how to fix it.The overall quality of the product is impressive, if you have no understanding of general audio quality that is; as in, an ""I listen to whatever's on the radio""-type of music listener.The recognition is subpar.Go get yourself an Apple or Google product, as Amazon falls short in every category with this device.2/10."	1	February 28, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I have an Echo and 2 echo dots,  and traded in the former for this new product.  I am so disappointed, I wish I could have my old Echo back.  Alexa is very slow to respond and often cuts out and delays in the middle of a sentence.  (It is not my home wireless, because the echo dots continue to work flawlessly.)  The sound is strong for playing music, which is the only reason I didn't give it one star.  However, the overall performance is so disappointing and underwhelming for the price (actually, at any price.)  Don't bother until they work out some obvious bugs and issues.	2	March 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought 2 of these in February 2020, they were easy to set up and I thought the sound was pretty decent. But over the months I’ve owned them I’m becoming more and more frustrated with them, voice recognition is terrible, I have to stand next to them and yell. They are constantly out of sync, I am constantly unplugging them. I’m beginning to regret my purchase. My older Amazon Echo devices may not have the sound quality of the studios but the voice recognition is much better.Update: 3/28/21- I’m downing these to 1 star because my frustration level has reached an all time high. Junk, junk, junk! These very rarely respond to voice, trying to set a reminder is frustrating, have to repeat it over and over as Alexa can’t hear you even when you’re standing 4 inches from the bloody things. I wish I would have bought something else. Will sell them at garage sale for $25.	1	November 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	hard to get alexia to respond after word or request has been initiated	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Voice Recognition is HorribleSound Quality is TerribleVery Disappointed	2	February 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	For the money the smaller tower unit worked just as well with sound in a room. I wish amazon would allow you to Bluetooth other devices to the unit.  Also to use as a multi unit system is difficult to configure.	2	October 20, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I did not like the fact that the product seemed to have come up short of my expectations.	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Great speaker, but I'm having problems connecting my TV to this studio echo throght Bluetooth, I had a echo plus and others and works perfect with this android tv, but the studio has issues with Bluetooth connection maybe will be fix with a firmware update. Also the led ring on top of the alexa studio in a zone of this ring has a problem with the leds, the blue color its fade, i got this alexa on a quick promotion moment, for a good price, i thought was a new product, but seems like was a refurbished or something.	2	July 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I find myself yelling at it.  I ask Alexa to perform a function or play music and Alexa does something or plays something unrelated to what I asked .Not happy with the purchase .	3	July 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	For the money I would buy the echo plus.  Did not see any or much of a difference to pay extra money. I have both.	3	November 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have had several Echos and Dots. Sound quality was poor, but convenience was great. I decoded to upgrade to the Echo Studio for better sound. My mistake. Sound quality is very poor - muddy audio, useless EQ, and very poor clairity. I'm out of warranty coverage now, or I would return it. Has anyone tried the Sonos or Bose bluetooth speakers? Is the sound quality good? I'm willing to pay more for better sound. Unfortunately, the Echo Studio is just unlistenable for me. Thanks for any recommendations!	1	February 14, 2022	0
Echo Studio	not nearly the quality of sonos.  i have a the first version of alexa and i think it sounds as good and as loud as the studio.  a disappointment.	3	September 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It just didn’t sound as good as I expected. My echo seems to sound just as good.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought an Echo studio to use on my patio for summer gatherings. The sound is okay for a portable speaker, but like all these types of portable speakers they desperately need a complimentary sub woofer. Like with my Samsung sound bar, it has decent sound, but it sounds a heck of a lot better with its two satellite speakers and matching sub woofer. For whatever reason Amazon appears to have stopped making the sub woofer for the Echo studio speaker and so I sent my Echo studio back. I'm Still looking for a good sound solution for my patio.	2	June 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sounds nice but on several occasions it does some weird vibration sound as if there is a glitch in the software somewhere.	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Everyone who buys a studio should listen for feedback and interference when the speaker is activated. Had this buzzing and clicking noise whenever the speaker came on. If you turn the volume off and then ask Alexa a question, you can hear the buzzing noise. We returned the echo and got the regular echo speaker. That one has a distinctive hissing noise when the speaker comes on but it's better than the popping and buzzing I guess.Also customer service has gotten so so so so bad. People hang up on you in chat and then they auto connect you to someone new who doesn't know what's going on. A lot of them have very little english. Troubleshooting was a nightmare. Oof.	2	November 15, 2019	0
Echo Studio	No sirve bien para Ecuador, tampoco puedes vincular con tu cuenta Spotify o comprar el Amazon music por errrores geográficos	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I did not like it looking for a way to resell it unfortunately too late to return back to amazon!	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Not terrible.  But for the cost I was expecting much more.  Incredibly buggy with another echo device around.  I’d ask a question in one room and have it answered in another device in a different room.  Sound unexplainably stops working from time to time when watching Netflix or Prime video.  Not much bass for music.  Again this isn’t a terrible speaker but for the money you can find something better.	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Well I was hoping to be impressed but I am not. This was my first upgrade in 4 years, and can tell any difference.	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	These do not work right for home theater use. They keep losing network connection with TV	1	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality isn’t as good as advertised. It’s better than the other models, but that’s a low  standard to beat.  The Apple HomePod sounds much better.	3	September 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound is fine. It is a little louder than the echo, but not worth the extra cost.One problem is with Alexa this in general. When I try to set up groups and I have to change the location of the speaker. It doesn’t seem to allow me to do that. It is very convoluted. I’ve given up on setting up groups. Amazon really needs to fix this. It should be pretty simple.	2	January 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Really good quality requieres subscription. Amazon music worse than Spotify	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"I was excited to receive this but after listening to music on it for an hour, I'm returning it.There is very little bass or kick to the music, maybe I received a defective unit?Even without bass, the sound is inconsistent though. Moving it to different rooms/locations did not help, nor did disabling the spatialization under its settings. My echo studio sounds muted and even like a blown speaker with the way certain highs become twiny (like on a 1st Gen echo dot). Some songs sound ok but others are just plain awful and a pain to listen to on a speaker advertised as ""studio quality"". This does not come close to studio or even Bose quality. My echo dot paired with a Bose soundlink mini sounds several times better than this.This was not the quality I was expecting at $200.  Invest in a 3rd gen echo instead. The sound on those is a bit better than this assuming the unit I received was not defective."	1	June 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This device has an extraordinary limitation, which I wish I had known about before: it will only be detected in the Amazon Music app FROM ONE SINGLE ACCOUNT (the account it was registered with).If you happen to have a family account on Amazon Music with multiple users on it, as we do, ONLY ONE USER will be able to detect and use the Amazon Echo Studio from the Amazon Music app. It sounds nuts, but I have spoken with multiple Amazon helpers who have confirmed this!This is a severe limitation, and a deal-breaker for me. Different family members have vastly different music libraries and need to be able to connect to Studio under their own accounts. Yet this isn’t possible at this time, unless you want to de-register and re-register the speaker each and every time a new person wants to play a song from their Amazon Music account, despite being all connected on the same WiFi!As is, the Amazon Echo Studio is for individual users, and can’t handle multiple Amazon Music users.	1	May 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Have paired with two Echo studios. They sound great when they stay paired. It seems I have to re-pair them about once a week. I have the same problem in my office that has a echo sub and a studio, so it’s not just a problem with the living room speakers. If I didn’t have to constantly re-pair them, I would give them a 5.	2	April 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	the unit keeps going offline.  we got this unit because dad is hard of hearing and figured the sound quality would help, and it does.  when its working things go great.  dad is assisted living and has a hard time with phones.  we are not allowed in the assisted living facility with COVID going on so it seemed like a good solution.  but we have to keep calling them to un-plug and re-plug to reboot.	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Tengo problemas para hacer conexión bluetooth, la reproduction es intermitente	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Too big and ugly. I think the Echo Plus is almost equal quality for less money, space, and aesthetics.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I was just watching TV and the sound stopped, abruptly. This does not happen with the built in TV speakers. It frequently cuts out on Spotify also. Happens every day. Update does not help. Have to turn on and off and do so every 10 minutes or so.And, it has an alarm function, BUT if you want it to gradually increase the sound, you can with the alarm sounds, but NOT if you set the alarm to a radio stations or music. A $25 clock radio can do this but a $200 Amazon speaker cannot.And, the alarm radio or sound does not work in stereo mode, it will only come out of one channel.Really, they should be able to get it rightSupport is clueless.Treble is non-existentWaste of money.	1	May 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Although an improvement over the ‘Dot’, it is not what I consider ‘studio’ quality.  The speaker has some weight to it and I expected a much fuller, richer sound.  The treble, base and mid-range are adjustable, but I did not detect a significant difference from the full range of adjustment.	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Sound goodAlexa works fine.No builtin battery,  have to be connected at all time to power source to work.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Voice recognition and title recognition is not the best especially with some music titles. One would think that the AI would learn your title selection.Sound goes out from time-to-time.	3	August 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sounds great, full rich sound, great 3D surround, Dolby Atmos, has Optical input.  ...But about that input..., the sound from the input has a delay causing the sound from the TV and the Studio to not be in sync. I have a Samsung Q90 which has sound delay adjustment, but even with the maximum correction from the sound delay adjustment feature, it's not enough to sync perfectly so there is an echo that is super annoying.  Unless this problem can be corrected so the TV and Studio audio are in perfect harmony, This is NOT a suitable substitute for a Home Theater experience as advertised.As a stand-alone, it is superior to EchoPlus or any other alexa device for sound superiority. This is the FatMax of Alexa devices. In HD music mode, it's great, but the standard audio quality from non HD music is just OK.	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Sound is perfect, as voice recognition. Also really like this ""drop to"" function, when you can talk to any room with alexa devices.But this loud voice ""connected to <you device name>"" all the time before music playin is annoying. You cant make it quitter or turn off. And it can loud say it during night to scare whole home.In this case sonos or bose provide better experience."	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It doesn’t work well as a sound bar. If I have it on 75 volume or less it’s basically a whisper. I bought an optical/toslink cable in hopes that it would fix the issue but no luck. I’m using it with a smart fire tv also, still has poor sound on lower volumes for sound bar usage. At this point I may as well just use the tv speakers. I’m pretty disappointed with this product and don’t know what else can be done. Maybe further updates will fix it.	2	August 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is a great way to throw away $200.00 and even better, Amazon will NOT stand behind the product to offer a refund or a replacement, so that speaks volumes about their belief in the product. Will NOT connect with ANY device that I own. Yes I have gone through the reset procedure numerous times, even watched dozens of you tube videos to no avail. I have several other blue-tooth speakers that connect within seconds, but NOT the Studio. If you are going to produce a trash product, at least stand behind what you sell and put your name on. This will BE the LAST amazon product I purchase. If you are reading this and want an honest opinion, go with anything that BOSE produces, they are a top notch company with top notch products. Amazon is out for a money grab and it shows in their integrity, actions speak louder than words.	1	November 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Very disappointed in the fact that it would not link with my two echoes to simulate a surround sound and the bass was sub-par.	3	October 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Love the studio, except it’s ability to link with my tv, via toslink cable AND firestick 4K is horrible. Constantly disconnecting. Only fox has been to restart it, which in the middle of a movie or video game sucks.	3	April 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Not a big difference from the original echo. Sound is pretty much the same.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My Echo Studio worked fine for the first month and then I started having connection problems. One day, Amazon Music just stopped connecting to my phone. I eventually had to unplug Echo and restart. Today, it stops playing stations on Amazon Music after every song. It takes some finagling to start the station again. I didn't have this problem with Apple Music. Frustrated!	2	May 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This is awesome. The only thing stopping me from buying more is the fact that if paired in stereo,from exiting I’ve read, I cannot use it to play anything but amazon content. I want to be able to pair two together and play stereo from an auxiliary source.	3	January 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Update: DON’T WASTE YOUR TIME! It’s one thing to have a poor product that’s buggy but it’s another bigger issue when you can’t support your customers. I got bounced to four different support people then to another person on the phone who put me on hold. Again, don’t waste your time. Buy Sonos or some other gear that’s fully baked.—-When it works, it’s great but I seem to run into constant issues. I routinely have problems where the audio is not sync’s between my fire stick 4K and these speakers. Many times the echo sub doesn’t connect. I’ve wasted countless hours with support and still don’t have a stable setup.By the way, Amazon’s support for echo devices is spotty… sometimes great, sometimes it’s a total waste!	1	May 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	For the size of the device and the cost, the sound is pretty subpar. If it were a fair amount cheaper, I could justify the purchase. The setup was flawless and the voice recognition is on point, and while it definitely has better audio quality than a regular echo, it doesn't justify the price difference and the size	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	No me gusta que tengo dos echo studio y solo los puedo usar juntos con el firestick 😡	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	My old Samsung sound bar has much better sound so I returned it.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I have another alexa in a nearby room that hears me say Alexa before this one does. It sounds great but does not listen well.	3	October 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality it great when it works. The stability of the connection is less then satisfactory and Amazon help has not been helpful at all. I have talked to them on several occasions with no resolution and during my last attempt they told me someone would contact me their escalation team. No one ever called. I would not recommend purchasing these for your home if you plan on using them as part of a home theater..	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have Bluetooth headphones and the studio speaker requires multiple attempts to switch back and forth. Sometimes it’s good but sometimes it is really frustrating. Otherwise it’s a big improvement over the TV speakers.	3	June 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The sound is not great for its size.  I have speakers that are smaller and can give a greater presence and clarity in the audio.  The device often needs to be rebooted randomly.  Sometimes when on ""muted"" mode, it seems to be able to recognize instruction and plays out loud something.  I would not trust Amazon and likely its constantly listening and learning all sounds in your household.  I would not buy anything made from Amazon.  It has always been a poor product experience."	1	January 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	When Alexa is responding, I love it. Unfortunately, every day there are times when I get no response, and have to go over and press a button to get Alexa to respond. I desperately want to love it, and this is my first Alexa device. Have not decided yet whether I'll keep it.	3	November 15, 2019	1
Echo Studio	The speaker sounds great when it decides to work... But far too often it fails to work.  The ability to sync up the sound to the TV via Firestick is troublesome enough, but the fact that the speaker so frequently unsyncs from everything and becomes worthless is unacceptable....  Don't bother with technical support.The real kicker is when researching the issue via reddit and other 3rd party sources reveals it's an inherent flaw in the product and not correctable with updates....Amazon owes refunds or replacements.  This is a flawed product with good intentions.	1	December 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Disappointed! There is plenty of bass, but the music does sound like it's coming out of a little box. It's slightly better than the Echo Show, but not enough to keep it. I don't understand how other reviewers can say it's like the musicians are really there.	3	January 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	One of my worst audio decisions ever. The Alexa app interface is terrible, the online help instructions on Amazon are out of date to the menus on the app, and when you do get on a screen remotely like what they describe it doesn't work anyway. The Echo Studio will not stay connected either to the Echo Sub or to the latest Fire TV 4K stick. Complete FAIL. Oh, and if you do get the Sub to pair to the Studio by accident, the subwoofer puts out such puny bass it might as not exist. I've fought this thing for months and I'm tired of it. If Goodwill will take it then I'll claim it as a charitable tax deduction and get a decent set up by Apple or Google. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!	1	April 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Do yourself a favor and google Spotify playback issues with Alexa before purchasing. The sound quality is middle of the pack, not bad but honestly very little noticeable difference between this and my much smaller and older Alexa device. My biggest issue is that the device won’t play Spotify after 3 songs. It just stops. I can reopen Spotify and resume playing where the device stopped, but that kind of defeats the purpose of a hands free device. To be clear, I also have a google nest and it works perfectly with Spotify.  After contacting amazon Customer service and getting the run around, I’ve learned that “they’re aware of this issue and working very hard to fix it”. A quick google search indicates that this has been an issue since 2018, so their crack squad of IT folks are perhaps on a 2 year vacation. Seems like they’re trying to promote revenue and usage of amazon music by nerfing competitor interface. Before you buy, do some research.	1	June 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	can not get it paired up.	1	September 17, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Hopefully we got a dud. It constantly disconnected from WiFi and the lights on top would just spin and spin. Frequently it would light up when we asked a question but then not answer. We also had ZERO bass, the sound quality was horrible. We would have had better sound if we had thrown one of our phones on the shelf and played music. Heck, our original Echo Show has 10x better sound quality! We even tried to customize the sound ourselves through the app and got no bass even when we turned it up to the max. We sent it back and I’m debating ordering another one to see if the first was just a dud. Overall we have had positive experiences with our Alexa products, so I might just try ordering another one to try.	1	March 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	So the one I got turned a solid green ring and wouldnt go into setup mode right out of the box, called tech support. They couldnt figure it out. Told me to hold down two buttons to do factort reset didnt work. Why i tried this i have no idea, but i unplugged unit and continued holding down the two buttons an replugged it in. Hope this helps some of you if you encounter this.bsound quality was full and sounded good. The bass a little muddy imn my opinion. If you dont yet own an alexa or want a high end alexa this is for you, we didnt like the setup failure hence we returned it	2	November 19, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I didn't think the Studio was that much better than the Echo Plus.  I had them both set up next to each other.  The Studio had more bass, but the midrange seemed muddy to me.  I was hoping for a much bigger difference.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	bought one had to have two replacements sent because of distortion - sounds like interference but there are no other devices around to cause this interference. Total 3 Alexas had to be returned because of sound distortion. no more replacements would be sent. it looks great but for $200. I want a speaker with clear sound. Alexa sub works great it played bass even when Alexa wouldn't play sound.	2	January 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	At under $200, this Echo Studio has amazing 3D sound, resonance, and I really appreciated the addition of a small subwoofer into the unit.  However after 4 months the device would repeatedly die and could only be restarted by unplugging and plugging in again.  I just initiated a service work order for it with Amazon's Warranty Team.  The alternative was a full replacement for $40.  Which seems expensive for a warrantied product replacement in Amazon's own line of smart speakers.  I hope I don't have to expect to shell out $40 every 4 months just to get to enjoy their flagship speaker.  Will update review after assessing performance post warranty service.	1	August 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I bought this to replace the Echo Plus in my living room. I figured the fancy dancey new bigger Studio would be able to fill the room better. Don't get me wrong, the Plus sounded good, but not get up and boogie loud. Surely the Studio would be able to do that. Not so. I have the bass on my Plus turned down two notches, because it's just that rich. With the Studio bass turned up to max it still sounds thinner than the Plus. On top of that, at max volume the Studio is about 1/2 as loud as the Plus. Total loser on the audio front.Combine that with the design decision to recess the light ring below the speakers so you can't see it respond if its not below eye level, and the Alexa volume/audio volume de-sync which seems to occur much more often on the Studio, and I'm going to have to say SKIP THIS GENERATION. Maybe they can fix it in software or a subsequent version, but right now this Alexa is not worth buying.	1	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality was quite disappointing. After all the reviews, I was expecting a step up from my Echo+, it wasn't. My Echo+ has better bass. I really thought about returning the Echo Studio but decided to keep it. The hype isn't reality, this thing is average.	3	January 17, 2020	1
Echo Studio	For the cost this Alexa studio disappoints. The devices ability to competent commands is not good. My echo dots do 100 times better and only cost $20. The studio will go digital during music play back and is very hard on the ears. The Alexa voice volume is extremely low and not in alignment with the music play back so when your listening to music you can not hear the Alexa voice. But if you turn up the volume during Alexa voice all other audio is pin fully loud. Amazon support was not very helpful. I asked for a replacement device to see if I had a defective one and was given the run around by customer service. I am going to try return and refund the item. Not worth the $200 for hi fidelity sound Amazon claims the studio provides. The $20 dots are way better.	1	December 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Disappointed overallThe speaker is okay sounding, granted it’s in my kitchen and it’s a large room.  I added the sub, and pairing is agonizing!  Finally after hours it paired and the next day was not paired again.  This has happened several times.  It appears R&D was rushed.I really like it when it works, that said a smart speaker shouldn’t be this difficult.	1	March 27, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound is 10 stars. Alexa cuts in and out. Integration with other alexa devices spotty.	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Lo termine devolviendo pues cuando le hablaba a veces no me contestaba.  En ocasiones tenia q gritarle.  En sonido envolvente es excelente.	3	October 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality does not as good as I think. However it is a very good Alexa device	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I bought the Treblab hd 77 a much better sound and bass.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My only complaint is the sound quality and not the quantity. It gets very loud, but the sound is harsh and unrefined compared to my Homepod and Sonos speakers. With the sound quality being below standard, it ruins any benefits of 3D music. Timbre is unnatural and sounds overly processed, even with 3D spatial turned off.It basically sounds like a very loud Echo Plus with more bass. The bass is also overdone and boomy for music. If you are not an audiophile or particular about sound, these issues that I mention may go unnoticed.It gets loud though and Alexa is of course awesome. I wish I could give 2.5 stars	2	November 19, 2019	0
Echo Studio	There is no option to control the volume. The studio speaker is all around a better choice	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	According to AMAZON,ECHO STUDIO WILL NOT LINK TO ANY LG SMART TV’s!!!!!! I’ll be returning it	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound is pretty solid for the price, but the integration doesn’t work. We bought it as a fire stick speaker. Unfortunately, it constantly fails and cuts out for that use. I have to reset it every time I care enough to use it. If you want a sound bar, it’s probably better to get a Sonos that will work. For general music use, the sound is hard to beat for the price.	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"It works well and this unit certainly has more bass but they have no business using the word ""studio"" in it's name.  The mid range is just eh and the high range is almost nonexistent. (yes I used the app to makes changes, didn't help)"	3	December 12, 2019	1
Echo Studio	She either has covid or she doesn't like me.  Over the past week I will ask her to play something or about the weather, out of the blue she will please unlock your device in a voice that I can barely hear.  This is right after I've asked her question to which she has answered in her normal voice.  So I called the support line and the lady wanted to hear it, so I held my phone up to Alexa and asked her a question and lo and behold she answered it, not it a super low voice and asking me to unlock my device.  How do I unlock my device when I didn't lock it in the first place?  Can someone tell me what's going on?  ps I'm always nice to her, and I say thank you for the information.	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not what I expected in sound quality.  Bass is not very strong.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I'm a sound guru, and I was hoping this speaker (2 of them) would sound good enough to use as left and right hooked up to my TV setup for movies/theater in living room. My first disappointment was the sound quality. Just not a good mix of lows and highs, sounds imbalanced.Then, the base just wasn't enough for me even at full in EQ.Thrid, and most importantly, there's just not enough volume coming out. Full blast is what I would expect for medium volume. Granted it would be a little better with 2 of them, but I'm just too disappointed to keep it. Sending back.	2	January 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Had issues but the sound quality is really what made me give up. If they improve the sound I would put one in every room. Come on you guys ""can do it"""	3	May 31, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Purchased this so I could pair this with my Fire TV 4K.  The audio cuts out for a second or two every few minutes.  I contacted support which they had factory reset it, but the same issues exists.  After researching online, I see a lot of customers have this issue.  I don't know if this is a hardware issue or a software problem, but it's a problem.  I don't think it is a hardware problem since streaming music works flawlessly.  When I have the Fire TV 4K play audio from the TV speakers, there is no audio cut out.	2	February 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound is ok. I have other Alexas and they work fine...just got it for the potential sound.	3	November 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Disappointed having issues with pairing the sub woofer and I can’t control the volume on my iPad . Now I find out they don’t offer a remote for the unit .they did a very poor job integrating this thing .also I don’t understand the sub woofer working with some music and not with others .	2	June 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Good sound , could play a little louder.Constant connection issues in Home Theater mode using my Fire TV 4k.Needs work!	3	September 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is meh,  purchased to hook up my record player through the input jack but can't use voice control or even a button to switch to the input, must unplug and plug back in.  Seems like voice commands are worse than our other devices.  Kept it cause my wife didn't want to bother sending it back but I've been incredibly disappointed.	2	February 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Bought this and tried it hooked up to my PC via the optical cable input. The sound is just not very good, so I returned it.  I found the high range much too bright, the bass strong but punchy instead of deep, and voice reproduction, e.g. jazz vocals, lacks body. In other words this speaker exaggerates both ends of the audio spectrum but is poor in the middle where we hear the most. It's certainly not the worst small speaker, but it is not very good either.	2	June 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"I have to press setup like every day and go through the process of setting it up on my phone. I like when it actually works. Extremely hard to keep connected with Bluetooth from phone. It cannot pick how it wants to play and from what. Alexa app on my phone constantly interrupted my ""Alexa"" commands! Then echo says ""no internet"" When I say Alexa both my phone and echo respond. I use Alexa at home and with my car."	2	September 13, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I feel that the alexa echo plus performs better	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Good when it works, but constantly cuts out	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	No fue lo que esperaba	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Excelent sound quality, unfortunately it worked ok for a few hours only . It would go dead and start working again for no apparent reason.	3	August 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This is the worst and most expensive Echo I’ve owned. TV integration is awful. The volume is so low. Have to have the TV on 100 and the Echo way up to hear anything. Then, some apps, have no sound at all and the Echo has to be disconnected to listen. It also glitches out and switches off constantly when listening to music. Sometimes just 5 min after turning it on. It’s total garbage. Do not buy.	1	February 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Likes:It’s got Alexa on it.Price is ok.Dislikes:Unable to connect with YouTube music. This might be an Alexa thing.Too bulky.Base is not that great. Other options from Sonos and Marshall seem to have better sound quality.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Echo is supposed to be a smart device, but....if you tell Alexa ""increase the volume by 10%"" it will put the volume at 100%.  What a stupid device."	3	June 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Some music sounds great through it other music does it not sure what to say!	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Just didn’t live up to the hype of “Oh my god! The sound is amazing!”, that I’ve seen on some YouTube channels.It’s better than the Echo Plus for certain, but it should blow you away with sound quality.	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Intended to use 2 of these for stereo connected as a home theater to a fire cube.  I've experienced recurring problems with the connection to the cube.  When they do connect there are numerous issues with lip sync.  I suspect the problem lies with the fire cube.  I wouldn't recommend this configuration.	2	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	You know it's 2020 and setting up devices should be a breeze. That's not the case. I'm trying to use two echo studios as PC speakers. First off, my studio doesn't even pair to my PC bluetooth(it works because I have airpods connected and working) so then I downloaded the PC alexa app and that app is useless and has no controls. So then I tried controlling it on my phone and that's the only way I can hear sound. What's the big deal with connecting my Studios to my PC bluetooth? I really wanted this to be wireless besides with 120v plug and if this is the case then I'll just switch to the sonos. What a waste of time and money.UPDATE: I finally got the speakers to pair to my PC but you can only use ONE STUDIO AT A TIME. So at this time you can’t use two studios as pc speakers.	1	June 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought this for general household use.  It works ok for me, but it says my Amazon Music account isn't available.  Alexa absolutely refuses, however, to do anything for my kids.  It'll recognize their individual voices (since we set them up), but whenever they ask Alexa to do anything, it says that it is not supported for kids.  The account settings, whether from the PC or the app, are atrocious.  There's nothing that allows me to assign the device to kids or otherwise enable them.	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I like to be able to walk from room to room in my house and hear the same music playing.  Unfortunately the Echo Studio cannot be grouped with my other echo devices.  Very disapointed in this aspect.	3	February 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I wasn't impressed with the sound.  It really sounds no better than the normal Echo device.	3	November 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I expected more for the prize!!	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo Studio	To me it's about the same sound as the regular Alexa	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	There is only one reason for a one star review and it's because Amazon refuses to fix the connection issues with this product and it's firestick 4kI have 2 of these paired as a home theater with my Firestick 4k.  When they work, they are quite impressive.  However they frequently drop the connection and lose sound.  I have done everything Amazon support has recommended, including spending more $$ and replacing a fairly new 4k Firestick. Amazon refuses to correct this problem and it feels like they've kicked the issue down the road to avoid either replacing or returning them for a refund.Should they fix the issue, there's no question that these would be 5 star worthy.  However they are not ready for prime-time	1	February 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Perhaps I expected too much for a single speaker, at low volumes sounds good -  rough at moderately louder volumes	3	September 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"This does not pair correctly with the 3rd generation Fire TV as many others have reported.  Tech support can't fix it.  Sound ""quits"" several times per day and the Fire TV also fails when paired to the Echo Studio.  Sometime a Fire TV restart is required, sometimes a factory reset.  Even standalone, the Echo Studio has reliability problems.  This product is not ready for Prime Time.Also, big problem.  This device has no remote and contrary to Amazon tech support, even Gen 1 remotes won't pair with it, so at high volumes, you have to yell at Alexa to lower the volume which does not always work."	1	June 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have always been told if you can’t say anything good about someone or something then don’t say anything. But I should have stuck with Yamaha, Yamaha sounds a hole lot better.	2	October 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Amazon Echo can successfully read from the correct book about 70% of the time when it can find the book at all. Approximately one of every ten requests to continuing to read an active book the echo goes back and finds a long ago finished book and begins reading. Very, very frustrating to use the Amazon Echo with Audible.	2	March 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The speaker has great sound for music, but it is difficult to understand speaking...not clear enough.	3	October 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I had high hopes for this, but with Amazon HD 3D music playing on perfect WiFi, I just can’t say there is anything special with the sound quality. Just did the latest firmware update, and that helped a little, and seemed to make the sound slightly better.  I definitely will not continue with Amazon Ultra HD subscription just for this, since it really is nothing special about the sound. Yes it’s better than the regular Echo, but the sound is directional with the tweeter only in the front.  For the large size, I would have expected better sound.	2	December 14, 2019	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality is not what I was hoping for	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Bass is not that good	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Studio	It works... fine. The audio quality is better than my smaller echo's, but not THAT much better. A bit muddy at times too.	3	July 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I was honestly expecting a little more on sound quality.  I ordered the upgrade  amazon HD  for extra cost hoping to get more out if this speaker but I didn't notice much improvement.	3	February 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Pros: decent sound if you have a multi echo system and are using it for music onlyCons: it's massiveNot loud enough to use for a fire TV systemNot nearly loud enough for TV shows3d music is still ... Strange	3	November 13, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Not enough bass, not able to connect to television	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Absolutely love it!!!  We talk and jam on regular occasions...Setup was a breeze and I was wondering how to exchange one of my dots...speaker is busted and no one likes static!!!!	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This echo studio has many flaws, the biggest flaw its the volume, and it needs to allow bluetooth devices, like the echo show.	3	July 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Not impressed.  Didn't sound that much better than my echo and wouldn't pair with my Fire TV because it wasn't new enough (just bought it a year ago).	3	April 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I was all excited. Then speaker arrived and nothing. Yes nice speaker, is it worth price?Not to me.	3	August 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I only wish I could play Spotify and other sources of music on this speaker the Amazon music stations are pretty lame	3	July 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have had nothing but issues with this device since day one. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesnt. I have it in a home theater group with a 4k firestick. The audio will consistently blip or go out completely in the middle of a movie or any other random time. Sometimes adjusting settings and updates fix it, sometimes nothing does and you have to set up the whole home configuration again only for it to happen again. And to me, the sound really isn’t so much better than other less expensive sound options. Too late for me to return it so I will just have to live with an overpriced overhyped alexa speaker device. NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER!!!	1	April 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It was a curiosity purchase. Nothing an echo couldn’t do. The only upside was access to HD music.	3	August 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Bought it to use with TV. Not connecting to Fire Stick V3.	2	December 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not loud enough for size of room	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I really want to like these. But they can’t even get as loud as my Echo Show. And they constantly lose connection to my network. Keep in mind I have 10 other Amazon devices and over 140 Alexa Wifi enabled devices that stay connected in the same house on the Asus Zen Wifi, which is the best Wifi I have ever owned. I would return these if I could. They are connected to the latest Fire TV Max so I really expected better.	1	January 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Not worth it.  Save your money	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The speaker sounds good, but it will only connect to one Amazon Music account, so only the person who purchased the speaker can stream high-quality audio. Anyone else who wants to use the speaker can either ask Alexa to play something or use a different streaming service. Spotify was the only other service I found that would cast music to the Echo Studio, all others had to go through Alexa.If you like shouting orders at Alexa and hoping she finds the right music, this speaker is fine. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it.	2	January 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Love all our Alexa , this one does not stay connected to new Samsung tv as speaker , hard to set up as Bluetooth speaker ,  we have two of them and often will go off  line . And had to get reconnected . Will not find Wifi  , does not always follow set up with app. .. sound is quite wonderful wen it works . Hope they working on a connection fix . And able to really  use it easy as a Bluetooth tv speaker .	2	February 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Keeps cutting off!!	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	pense q iba ser un sonido muy bueno por ser una de sus características pero la verdad no, con la versión de 100 dlls es mas que suficiente y no hay tanta diferencia een el sonido	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound is good not great for what they cost.  Ordered two to setup with the sub woofer and the sub made them sound better.  was disappointed with the ability to connect external audio sound (no volume control).	3	December 23, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Very disappointed in the sound quality. It sounds just like my other Alexa’s. The point in spending so much more money is for better sound quality but this doesn’t meet any expectations. I have purchased the premium packages and even tried the 4D radio stations and still no better than my Echo Dot. Don’t recommend spending the money.	1	April 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It was ok, but my standard for sound quality is pretty high.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	These seem to be very unrefined I'm constantly unplugging them to power cycle them. They are super buggy. Im honestly on the verge of getting rid of them all together and just going with something else. If you wanna use them with a gaming console or anything other than I firestick you get single channel audio. When pair with a echo sub that thing is a paper weight if not paired with a firestick. I wish I didn't buy these. They sound good but they are a massive headache	2	February 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Had this for about 9 months now. Alexa features are very buggy and do not work well. If you want anything more than a speaker, look elsewhere. Feel like one day this randomly stopped working.	2	September 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Quality sound, quality product. But…… When attempting to sync to a TV, it will not match video. Because of this lag, we sent it back. If they fix the issue I’ll get another one.	3	February 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I really wanted to like this speaker! But something is just off. Its very tinny no matter how I adjusted the 3 settings. I also tried using it as a home theater speaker paired to my fire cube tv. The audio delay was terrible! Even after going through  the hassle of adjusting the audio lag it would be off again the next time you turned on the tv. It also frequently lost connection to the fire cube and had to be re connected. Or just stop working in the middle of a show.	2	January 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This device was poorly programmed. You only have to say alexa play music from....on the other devices. On this one you have to say Alexa play music from.....on echo studio. EVERY time you have to state echo studio. By the time you get all that out she often stops listening. We called Amazon just to figure out that on our own. If you don't say it every time she tells you its offline or not enabled or unavailable. Too much of a pain for me so back in the box it will go. Amazon promised a call back in 30 minutes to resolve this but they never called back. Love the other Alexa products I own but this one is horrible. Don't waste your money on this one.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Even in home theater mode, and adjusting the sound the voices are still not in synced frequently	3	September 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Attention: You must have a Fire (Fire TV stick 4K) device in order for things to run smoothly. Unfortunately, Amazon doesn’t say this in their advertising. I got it to connect to my Sony A8H 4K TV but it was a hit or miss when it wanted to be paired. Very frustrating!!! I contacted Amazon Customer Service on Twitter and found out that I needed a Fire device. This will be for any TV that you want to use as a stereo system.The sound is amazing! The look is great! The quality is also great! However, it’s not fully compatible with not Fire devices. Any problems you have, you have to go through the horribly designed Alexa app. I have over 10 Amazon devices and this by far has been the worst experience!! I’m returning all 5 Amazon Studio speakers today!!!	1	August 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Save yourself the headache the speakers aren’t worth your time. I bought one and it came with a crackling sound when I turn the volume up. I returned it and bought another one same thing was happening. I had a bundle of 2+ the subwoofer and I thought it would’ve been a great set up in my living room. I thought wrong. I don’t usually write bad reviews like this but this was one of the worst experiences I ever had with a product/speaker. Total waste of time. I figured Hey echo high-quality speaker would’ve been a lot more high-quality. I have $50 Bluetooth speakers that are better than this. I guess I’m gonna have to just bite the bullet and go with Sonos. Very disappointed	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Well it's past my return date and the sound goes in and out. Tried resetting it, tried other optical cables and still the same problem. No updates available. It did sound good at first, I will give it that. It's just a $200 turd in the punch bowl now. I'm pretty much done with Amazon devices.	2	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Other reviews are accurate when saying sound is MUDDY and no way to adjust. Not to mention bass is only heard at high volume 8 or above.  also true you can't see the ring if a couple steps away so you never know if it heard you.  annoying.  Cant believe they couldn't do better after having been doing echos for so long.  Super disappointed, i also paired with echo sub and just is not worth the price as was expecting way more umpf.	2	March 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Rather buy a sonos again	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought two Echo Studios. They're both used for my downstairs home theater system. When I'm able to hear it, it sounds incredible. But my main concern is that the connection always drops. I am kind of disappointed. It's been like seven times since it's lost connection to the fire stick and the TV. I have it set up for optical out from my TV into a splitter and connected to both Echo studios like one of the review video shows. But for some reason on some days, one studio loses connection. On other days both lose connection and no sound comes. Even Amazon Alexa doesn't work. If anyone knows any tips or tricks on how to connect it, please reach out	1	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	At first this item was great for sound then it begin to crackle.  Contacted customer service twice reset equalizer twice to no avail item still crackled.  I have a echo sub and echo 8 show that works great together.  I don't think I will order another reorder another echo studio at this time.	2	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"After the return period, I've had the time to play with AI, Alexa is below IQ.  Came from Google  home, wanted better sound (google nest speaker?) so I went with Studio.  It isn't anywhere near able to hit volume 11... and it can't ""process"" anything properly... even within amazon music.  Sucks.  RUN!!!... Take it back, I will sell."	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The Alexa limitations make it so so at best. Replaced it for a Bumpboxx as my main speaker filter music.	3	July 24, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Having issues with playing music and it makes weird loud muffled sounds	3	November 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"They should rename this Sorry as that is what she most often says.  Ask it to play a station on Sirius and you hear ""Sorry, I'm having trouble.""  Ask it to set a reminder and ""Sorry, I can't do that now.""  When it is flashing about a notification, ""Sorry,""  You need to ask why it is flashing (each color) and then it says, ""Say notifications"" and you get it.  When it does play something on Sirius, it might last anywhere from 15 to 45 seconds before it turns off.If you must have an Alexia in your house, get a cheaper one so you have waisted less money."	1	April 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I don’t notice much difference between this and the standard Echo or Echo Plus. Certainly not enough to justify the price difference. Buy two Echos and get stereo sound instead.	3	March 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I bought this because when it was announced, it had everything I was looking for. What I received was no better sound quality than the echo plus I already have, but in a larger, less convenient form.Home theater doesn't work on any of my fire sticks, because they aren't compatible. Multi speakers don't work then for me at all for my TV. The optical audio is so delayed, it's like a terrible echo.Sound quality is honestly no better than an echo plus, and not as loud as the echo plus.On the plus side, it was easier to set up than the echo dot.I bought this to be a sound bar replacement. What I received was an incompatible with anything but a 4k fire stick, and worse sound quality than literally any other sound bar I can get for about fifty dollars. I'll be returning it and spending half the money of the refund on a much better sound bar.	1	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"A good ""echo"" device but the sound didn't have the punch I was hoping.  My similar size Bose speakers sound deeper.  Perhaps just need a separate subwoofer."	3	February 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is about the same as the echo, no to very little base, you need to scream at it for it to pick up your voice.	2	October 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	In general a good speaker, not so much better than my cheaper one	3	October 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Has a much larger footprint than my Echo 3rd Gen but doesn’t sound any better.	3	August 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Lost connection to Fire TV and cannot reconnect..	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	voice would not stay in sync with video. Cuold not be corrected over phone. It may be a problem with the cube. The cube tends todo the same on Disney+.	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Set it up today. It’s a bit buggy. Connected to iPad and Bluetooth goes in and out. Also having issues adjusting equalizer on Alexa app. The studio doesn’t always respond as I slide the bass/midrange/treble adjusters.	3	December 6, 2019	1
Echo Studio	About what I expected.  Glad I purchased it.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Better sound but not worth the upgrade. Large footprint is also hard to conceal. Would love this if audio quality was a couple steps higher or possibly as a first echo device	3	February 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have several echo devices and fervently await the day when Alexa is able to accurately process requests. I keep waiting.  Unfortunately I don’t feel we are even close. Alexa is currently just frustrating since she gets it wrong far more frequently than she is able to get anything right and I just have to keep elevating my vocal volume to try to interrupt her. Sadly, based on my experience I can’t recommend, unless you wish to be generally disregarded. Not my idea of fun, or helpfulness, unfortunately.	1	November 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The studio, in the den, does not pick up commands as well as the Show 8 does in the open kitchen so the kitchen tends to answer and provide music playback although I’d prefer that would not happen. Also the sound quality is not on par with, say, Sonos UNLESS you pay the premium Amazon 3D music and I prefer not to fall into that trap. Would I buy it again? Probably not	2	July 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The main point of this thing is supposed to be it's increased bass over its predecessors. Does it have a bit more bass? Sort of. No matter what I do with the EQ, it still just sounds empty. The bass is dissapointedly lacking. I don't get it. It has a decent woofer speaker, but it's just not there. The homepod and Bose SoundLink mini 2 sound so much deeper than this thing. I guess it's proof that a bigger cone doesn't equate to quality bass.I'll be returning and going back to just the plus.	2	November 24, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Very disappointing and frustrating. Communication not enabled yet it constantly shows green light for incoming messages. Voice commands work on Roku TV, but sound still only comes through TV speakers because, apparently, that function will only work with Fire TV. App is flaky and often unresponsive. Volume fluctuates with no adjustment, as do equalizer settings. I set them how I want and 30 seconds later the bass and volume jump up or down.. Tech help was no help. I'm considering returning it, as my primary interest was listening to HD music and improving TV sound. Speaker quality doesn't live up to what's advertised. Trying to think of a reason to keep it, but don't see the point. Consider what you plan to use it for before purchasing - doesn't really live up to sound quality claims.	1	September 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sounds isn't as rich.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Underimpressed with the sound, maybe I was expecting too much. Just slightly better than my echo.	3	July 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Size was good but the sound was a let down.  I have moved it to different rooms to see if that would help.  A little let down.	3	March 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Good when it works but little issues. No instruction on how to change opitical input, wifi, or bluetooth.  When it doesnt change automatically i stop using it.	3	March 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	IT guy needed when you buy this thing I would not order another and the sound is bad	3	July 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is not that good only with the 4K maybe the rest is just pain for your ears.	3	June 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	thought this would be a great choice for pairing with echo plus for added audio playing throughout. unfortunately, this is incorrect, the product only pairs with fire tv..... stupid.............. please fix for better room enjoyment.	3	December 7, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Not enough base in her unit.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Everytime I tried to make a Playlist, alexa would just add random songs.	3	September 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Okay it seems to have alot connectivity issues. And ""alexa"" just seems slow both to respond and answer. But the sound is absolutely amazing."	3	April 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Can't control volume like I could with the original echo plus. With a swipe of your finger on top. Also the light ring on top is harder to see than original.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Such a complete pile of garbage. Do yourself a favor and buy anything other than this device. Constant malfunction, have to restart the device to get it to do anything at all. Turn on the lights, play music, set a timer, we expected flying cars, we get, barely intelligent enough to apply basic functions in your life. Making the simplest task frustrating, time consuming and altogether useless. There is nothing better than lying in bed, and every alarm going off and get no response to stop it. Or having every light in the house on, and sorry, but the internet isn't reachable, nothing wrong with the wifi, it just is not reachable for this stupid device. The future is here.	1	January 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I wanted to love this. But pairing with my FireStick 4k is a nightmare. The pairing is easy it’s the constant freezing of the firestick. Then I unpair then it works for about 10 minutes then the issues flare up. The sound is fantastic but using it as a home theatre system is a big fat fail. Doing some research it looks like this is a big issue and Amazon has failed to address it. Seems the company line is it’s problems with your internet, router, coverage, etc. What a shame.	1	October 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I’m used to Bose sound.There is no bass & no way to taper it, too much treble.	2	November 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was expecting a lot more because all the reviews before it became available.  Another let down was when I tried to mix it with Alexa Plus I found out that they are not compatible.	3	December 11, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is fantastic but as far as listening.... I need to repeat numerous times my request before Alexa attempts to respond. Then all I get is a spinning blue light. Works great if you push the action button and make a request.I have had no issues like this on my other Alexa devices. Love the sound quality for my music . Do not like the  issues with the Alexa response	2	July 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not enough of an improvement over the standard echo speaker.	3	October 30, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This device was purchased to use outside and on decks. For that purpose it gets the job done. Plays plenty loud and it's easy to follow the party around the house,just unplug and go. Set up was effortless.Inside the house though, the sound falls short. Everything sounds diffuse, and the speaker seems very directional. I have found no instances where the speaker 'disappears'. The breathy tone/delivery of music on the device makes me wonder if the high bit rate of Amazon Music HD isn't totally wasted with the Echo Studio.	2	November 30, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Disappointed.  The Amazon Studio was so easy to hookup, however, after listening to it; it sounds just like my Echo Plus.  I am returning and trying out the Amazon subwoofer.	3	January 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Doesn’t sound any better than the advanced Echo.  Not worth the money.	3	September 1, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Initial support was very good, followed by crickets.  Still cannot connect my music unlimited on my phone to echo device.Music selection does not follow precise instructions.Loses Wifi connection then the set up procedure has to be repeated.If you forget to turn off the microphone, do you inherently permit passive listening?	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	You need to turn up the volume to make it sound good.  I expected more.	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sometimes disconnect from wifi	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I bought one echo studio, like it, so I bought five more echo studios,  two echo smart speakers, three echo dot's, and one echo show 8.  They do not work as follows:[1]  there is no drop in function;[2]  if you pair the echo studios, they will not play music paired from your device, only streaming from amazon music will play both;[3] does not follow commands for simple operations.Amazon support is TERRIBLE.  Amazon support admitted the above, said they would escalate and resolve, but I never was contacted again!  These echo devices are only good if you buy one, or if you buy two and pair them only for amazon music streaming.  Very disappointed as these are falsely advertised with functions that do not work.  Only buy one, or better, do not buy any.	1	May 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Although this is a great device, I have to give it minimal stars.  I specifically bought this device as a sound bar for my amazon TV.  The problem is, I have to replay up to 5-10 minutes of any video before it syncs up to actually play.  I’ll go 5 minutes into a program before any audio actually is heard.  And once you sync up, it is a pain in the butt to un sync it and reconnect which doesn’t always repair the problem.By itself, a great device.  But don’t expect the claim that it gives you surround sound.  It does when it wants to, but falls flat on regular usage."	1	September 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Having harder time with the voice recognition than older models	3	October 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	These units are junk!  Though they sound great, they continually  stop playing the music and I would be embarrassed to have people over when this happens.  When I looked the problem up, I sae it is wide spread and nobody has a fox for it.	1	April 8, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The optical auxiliary input can stop work anywhere from 1 day or a few days, and can only revive by unplugging the Echo Studio for a complete restart.It caused a lot of misery for someone that simply wanting to use Echo Studio connecting to TV as a soundbar instead of having 2 different speakers in the same room.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Quite bulky on the counter. Sounds better than our OG Echo but not as good as anticipated given hype, Dolby Atmos, etc. having the indicator lights recessed on the top is less convenient as well.	3	November 23, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Constantly loses sound while connected to a firestick. Support was no help. Just wanted me to factory reset everything. Which I did and it did not help. Paired up via the Alexa app with my fire tv stick and the sound cuts in and out. Sometimes for a few seconds sometimes long enough for me to just give up and go back to using TV speakers. It's not my wifi, it's not my internet. It's these junk speakers losing connection to the fire tv stick every 10 minutes or less.Don't fall for the hype on these. I wish I could get a refund but it's been too long.	1	February 20, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I got so mad at Alexa not doing what I told her to do I punched the top of this speaker and I think it’s cracked now. I demand another speaker. Maybe hbo was on to something with that KIMI movie because even that film made fun of how STUPID ALEXA IS	1	March 28, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The speaker have an average sound quality, voice recognition is below par compare to first gen Echo.  There is an annoyed announcing message everytime bluetooth device connect to (can't be turn off).  Bluetooth get disconnect intermittenly (not sure if the problem of just a deffective unit).  I have to returned the unit because can't stand the annoyed message (now connecting your device xyz...such and such).  This happend quite offent in the midle of the night all on it own.	2	February 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Big disappointment. I was really excited to receive this speaker for Christmas and for the reviews it was receiving and what a let down. I’m just going to make it quick and simple. The sound quality is good not great, you’re better off going with a Marshall Kilburn which also has Alexa built in for around the same price with a much much better sound. The build is really good but the weight in it is really heavy. Don’t understand for what though. Lastly and the most important for me at least. Is the connectivity, it states is Bluetooth compatible but it is not , unless it is connected with WiFi. If you’re not connected on WiFi it is a useless speaker which will not work on anything. And that is the reason I recommend not to buy it. Please you are better of with a Marshall Kilburn any day over this inferior product. As I will be buying.	1	December 26, 2019	0
Echo Studio	You need to pay for Amazon music with HD for full experience  at 200 bucks plus prime you should get a year included	3	February 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It can’t connect to a Samsung smart TV via Bluetooth. It will only connect via audio cable and Firestick TV. Also, not compatible with Ring smart light bulb.	2	September 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	THE SOUND WASN'T AS GOOD AS IT IS ON MY 1ST GEN ALEXA.	3	July 28, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Disappointed in overall sound quality. Mainly the instrumentation comes though well but the human voice sounds in the music are almost inaudible. I have adjusted the midrange up and the treble down but no improvement. I have other Alexa speakers that are less expensive and sound quality is better.	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I don't like that i have to keep telling it what music to play instead it keep playing same music like youtube music.	3	March 3, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Does good for a small affordable portable speaker. This speaker is awesome 👌	3	August 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The studio sounds really good, but the AI functionality routinely fails to follow simple requests when requesting a music channel, speaker group or even something as basic as stopping playback. I love my echo plus's but the studio is a huge disappointment.	2	June 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Bluetooth compatibility is weak. Alexa software is very limited. Pairing with multiple devices is limited in functionality.	1	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Music	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Good quality sound at high levels. Equilizer on phone for Echo doesn't work. Electrical interruptions short out the Studio. Hard to get back on	3	February 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Terrible voice recognition	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Studio	This is basically an oversized version of the Echo 3.  It is bigger, fatter, perhaps a bit louder, but the sound quality is no better and the voice recognition and bass response are actually worse. I thought I was upgrading from the Echo 3 and was profoundly disappointed in this device. Even after upgrading to the HD music subscription, the sound is thin and tinny, with no bass to speak of and a far cry in terms of quality than what my old Sonos One produces. Echo 3 is a better, much cheaper option if you’re opting for an Amazon smart speaker.A big disappointment that I can’t see recommending to anyone.	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Ok sound, voice recognition is ok not the best and sounds better than dots but no for the price.	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Did not sync with my LG OLED TV. Need to use my 4K fire stick I had for my older TV. That was a deal breaker for me. I wanted the Atmosphere sound but it is only possible when using a fire stick. Plus with the zombie apocalypse going on I couldn’t reach anyone to help make this worked. Packed it all back up and sent it back.	2	July 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Speaker has great sound but each time it goes to sleep volume level automatically goes down to 30% and it's very difficult to then hear timers or alarms go off and have to manually increase volume each time. I've tried to get assistance but don't know where to turn.	2	February 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It continually disconnects from my WiFi.  I have a other eco devices that never disconnect.  I am unfortunately returning it because reconnecting is difficult.	3	January 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It definitely does not listen as well as other echos.  The sounds is great.	3	June 12, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Totally and utterly useless! Not sure why on earth amazon would create a speaker compatible with NOTHING! Want to connect to iphone? Not if you have an echo sub. Want to connect to your TV for surround sound? NOPE SORRY. This device is literally only compatible with itself. Doesnt allow any bluetooth devices to be connected. If your looking for a home audio system and want to integrate any other device this will not work  BY DESIGN! Thats literally the silliest audio device ive ever encountered. Unless you listen solely to amazon music and use alexa this is nothing more than a paper weight. Also customer service was useless in trying to exchange for another system. Returned both this and echo sub and went to bestbuy to purchase a functioning device. Dont waste your breath with this thing.	1	May 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It should also have a bluetooth connection. It would make it so you could do all the things you can with the sonos	3	February 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I've spent an hour with customer support and they still can't tell me why my echo studio is incompatible with my fire Omni TV.	1	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sounds great BUT: Voice recognition is maybe 20% of previous echo devices. Probably due to chubby body design that hides microphones.  Also doesn’t hear very well at all. I’ll often speak to it and echo in bedroom will respond while echo in same room doesn’t. Very frustrating. I’d ask for a refund if possible.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It sounds good when it works. Sometimes it'll work fine for days then all sudden the sound drops out. Very annoying. Usually a restart will work but then it will randomly stop working again.Update: I plugged it into a smart plug because I got tired of unplugging it all the time to try and get it to work. I ordered may 2020 and still have not gotten better only worse. I am going to accept that it was just a waste of money and go by a surround sound. I really hope that Amazon would have put out an update of some kind to fix it It but is not worth the aggravation to deal with it anymore	1	October 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality just ok. My Google home max sounds a thousand times better.	3	July 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have tried everything I could to connect this to my TV to no avail. It's just lying follow in my house.	1	June 25, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sounds ok. The immersive audio is not so immersive. The voice activation is  plus - if you like that sort of thing. I'd rather have a speaker that sounds good. This isn't it.	2	July 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality, should of purchased a Sonus play	3	September 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have never been more frustrated with an electronic in my LIFE. Playing music with Spotify is actually impossible. Trying to use more than one speaker at a time? HA. GOOD LUCK. These products are a disgrace and I don’t know how Amazon can get away with selling such malfunctioning devices. This is not ok. Do NOT waste your money.	1	February 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"Each time Alexa has offered to suggest products I might want to buy, I have told it not to do that ever again. I've said it with my voice. I've fiddled with app settings. It will not stop. Sometimes it asks me to buy something after responding to a request. Other times it issues a notification that it might be time to reorder something.I don't want this ""feature"". Stop enabling it against my will.Oh yeah, and this device is incapable of holding a bluetooth connection."	1	September 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	some problems making  subwoofer working together with Echo ,  Alexa and Amazon music....  Sounds quality is outstanding but i could not make it work smooth	2	August 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Poor sound quality for price	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Disappointed in sound of unit. Cant tell it apart from my other echos nd it was $200, also dont like shape or size of it	3	January 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	echo sudio is not compatable with fire tv i bought 1 year ago. i feel amazon should have warned me of this before i purchased it since they have a record. i wanted to use as a supplemental speaker and this is not possible. i also feel the sound is not a major improvement over original so what is the point. disappointed	2	September 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Difficult to make as a soundbar with my home theater system	3	August 24, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Wanted to use for Bluetooth music from phone with subwoofer and could only use Amazon music to do so.  Could not connect with TV using subwoofer.	1	June 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	No tiene potencia  y muy bajo volumen	3	September 20, 2020	1
Echo Studio	HomePod has way better sound that’s this device. The Echo Studio is good, but the sound is not impressive.	3	March 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"Good quality sound, works well as a link to Alexa, but unusable as a Bluetooth speaker.  Whenever the Bluetooth connection drops and reconnects automatically (which happens naturally every few hours), the Studio will yell out at top volume ""NOW CONNECTED TO <computer name>"".  This cannot be disabled, cannot be turned down, and ignores 'do not disturb' mode.  Users have been complaining to Amazon for a year now, but there has been no response from Support.This is annoying enough during the day, but when it happens at 3am, loud enough to be heard from every room in the house, it makes this absolutely unusable."	1	January 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Utterly disappointing.Has about the depth and soul of my echo dots.Acoustically feeble and inconsistent.Less three dimensional than the regular echo and tinnier than the echo dots and takes up more room Than both together.Combined with the frustrating inability to search for 3D music in the perpetually feeble and unuserfriendly Amazon music App, this device has taken the number one place in my list of most disappointing  Amazon brand purchases and I've got an echo clock that is perpetually four minutes fast and eats four AAA batteries a month and not one of the echo devices in my house can tell the difference between John Hiatt and John Mayer.	1	November 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Fairly simple to hook up and the sound is very good but.... Music will randomly stop. Tried all the suggested ways to fix it but was not able to correct the problem. We had a previous model that was used constantly without issue so our wifi is not the problem. Tech support offered an expedited replacement for a fee or we could return it to see if it could be fixed. Why would anyone pay extra to get a defective device replaced? Returning today and will NOT buy another Amazon product. VERY DISSAPOINTED!!!	1	July 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Is this new?  The box is been open and ripped, then bag that speaker comes in is dirty.	3	March 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The Echo devices used to be the gold standard, today though, they are a sad excuse for a ""smart"" device. They are terrible for anyone with accessibility issues as they are constantly adding ""features"" that make navigation and requested prompts be bogged down with ""by the way"" follow-ups to try and sell you junk. Integrating shopping prompts, ads, and spam are constantly plaguing and disrupting the user experience."	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Worked for less than a month. Suddenly went offline and after numerous attempts to reset/factory reset and it won’t connect to the internet.  It is the only device we own that fails to connect.  Even the  old echo dots located twice as far from the router still work perfectly.Very disappointing.	1	March 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I bought this to Bluetooth to my Galaxy view 2 tablet TV to get better sound. I've worked on it for hours but still the video and audio are out of sync a second or two. There is a thread and the forum about others having this issue with multiple devices.I have moved it to my home office to use for music and answering questions and hopefully they will come up with a fix. I will then give it all five stars	2	December 22, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Alexa is not always following instructions	3	November 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	My first echo studio worked flawlessly and sounded amazing first day then two days later I decided to play some music and only the woofer worked and all other speakers were dead. Customer service was very helpful but all troubleshooting led to them sending me another device. The new device showed up in different packaging which is a concern since a 3 day old device should be replaced with a new.... but out of the box the speaker was popping and crackling like an old record when the speaker was active using voice or audio. So customer service tried again and the third device I opened had the same plain black box with no power cord and same popping and crackling. I’m so disappointed in this speaker!!!!! Sending it back for a 3rd time this time I thinks it’s time to find a different speaker.....	1	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is definitely an improvement over the standard Echo, but if you are looking for a huge difference, you're likely to be disappointed.	3	January 22, 2020	1
Echo Studio	My phone's or any other bluetooth source WILL NOT connect. Amazon block the bluetooth so that wonderful Echo Studio - High-fidelity (so called smart speaker) does not have the ability to pair with ANY devices outside of the Alexa App. SO IT'S NOT A BLUETOOTH SPEAKER. IT'S AN ALEXA APP SPEAKER ONLY!This really sucks! A better purchase would be a real BLUETOOTH SPEAKER that has Alexa enabled...	2	May 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not worth 199.00, have to repeat things several times.	3	September 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Not a bad speaker but does not compare favorably against my Bose 500. Tried this speaker but returned it.	3	March 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Esperaba mejor calidad de sonido.Pienso que mejor hubiera sido comprar un echo sub y usarlo con mi echo.	3	March 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I purchase the Alexa products to function as internet connected speakers to play music. Unfortunately, Amazon will push whatever new features they want and automatically enable them. Now, my studio will loudly alarm early in the morning. When I ask about the alarm, Alexa responds that I purchased a product 3 months ago and wants me to rate it.I'm pretty disgusted that Amazon is injecting their advertisments forcibly into my home. Seems like something that should be illegal.Update: the device is still garbage. Spotify music rarely works across multi device setups and since the morning of 11/15, Alexa has completely disabled Spotify music through Alexa. I highly recommend ANY other internet connected speaker, as Amazon clearly has no intentions on fixing this product.	1	July 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Update: streaming music works 15% of the time for multi room music. Customer service has done nothing to solve this issuse. Pathetic!!!Since installing this into my network of 6 echo dot's nothing works.  I can no longer listen to music on my everywhere group I can no longer adjust the volume using my voice. After spending 4 days contacting customer service finally I have been told that it might start working EVENTUALLY if the software is able to update. I  Feel like I have not only wasted my time but my money. Amazon has offered no solutions has offered nothing to compensate me for my frustration or time. After spending hundreds of dollars I am completely let down and dissatisfied with Amazon Alexa	1	July 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"After answering your question the device will often try to sell you something with the phrase ""by the way..."".  It is very annoying, and Amazon has not provided an easy means of canceling these offers."	1	April 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I was disappointed in the sound compared to my Sonos speaker.	3	July 31, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The sound quality is decent, but nothing outstanding.  The biggest issue is it would not connect to ""everywhere"" or ""all rooms group"" so when I want to to play the same music that is being played on all my other Alexa devices in different rooms, it does not."	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality is amazing.  I was able to link a music program on AM radio.  The difference in sound quality compared with my phone is like night and day.	1	May 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I am an early adopter of all Amazon tech. At least, I was. No more. This device cannot play a simple play list or skip to the next song. Amazons response:Factory reset. That is not a fix. I wish I had never bought these. Alexa keeps getting worse and worse on its core features as they add more and more useless ones.	1	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Studio	If your an audiophile then this item is not for you. The bass response drops and distorts, which affects the entire sound quality. Disappointed after all the hyped reviews.	2	August 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	If your looking to listen to music it’s a good choice, but if your thinking to use this speaker as a home theater don’t do it! Even if you get 2 you won’t have the good sound for movies or sports. Any sound bar price 140 and up will sound 10 times better.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	My title says it all.  Amazon removed my bad review after it was on there for a few weeks.  No wonder why these reviews are useless.  You have people saying the sound quality of this thing is amazing.  Wow.........and then people like me saying the exact opposite.  It is not anywhere near amazing.  It does not integrate well at all.  I even bought the subwoofer.  $400 system sounds like the transistor radio I had when I was in the 6th grade.  I am 54.  That's how bad the sound quality of this thing is.!!!!!!!	1	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Edited: downgrading further. This device has connectivity issues. It totally sucks as home theater. Insanely buggy, no support. DO NOT BUY TO DO HOME THEATER YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED.The speaker claims 3D spatial audio- but it’s underwhelming. It doesn’t even handle stereo audio in a meaningful way. The unit is OK for audio fidelity. Having good bass response is nice.And it’s worth mentioning the costs you’ll pay to stream such audio. First, you need Prime. Then you need Amazon Music Unlimited. Then you need Amazon Music HD. In the end, you’re spending hundreds yearly to stream audio to a speaker that underwhelms.	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I just received my Studio yesterday and I couldn't have been more disappointed. I'm an avid and seasoned Alexa user. Historically I have owned dots and shows. I never got into the echo's because sound bars are so cheap for a descent sounding setup. I expected the Studio to blow that setup out of the water. I am so disappointed. I have an $89 sound bar with subwoofer that sounds way better. My only consolation is that I was able to purchase it from Dell for $70 using a rebate offered on a credit card. For $70 bucks I'll keep it. Otherwise, I would already have it packed up to go back. IMHO, epic fail.	1	October 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Needs an app downloaded from googly or crapple. Device is useless without it. Audio input failed after a month.	1	June 28, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It works great for music but for TV it is okay.	3	July 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	$15.00 a month, not doing it.	3	September 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Based on numerous reviews I expected a lot from this speaker but found it to be good but not up to the hype.	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"It was excited. But then turned to sadness once I opened and installed the unit.  As an audiophile and gadget guy it ""sounded"" to good to be true.Everyone said. ""hey where's the bass sound"" so they threw in a bass speaker.But no matter how you tune.  Volume lowGot nice crisp high range but muffled bassTurn it up. Bass over powers with it's muffled bass. And no high endTried to go to their app and tune.Couldn't get around the lack of balanceGoing back to my little tall echo. Crisper cleaner sound. And I can do without the muffled bass and a heck of a better orice"	1	August 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought this speaker as a replacement for a small BOSE SPEAKER. The base notes from the Amazon speaker are weaker and flatter not open or resonant. I am very disappointed with the fact that you must place the speaker SIX FEET from the nearest WALL. I do not have an electrical outlet in the middle of my room. Why is this required???  No other speaker has such an odd and specific requirement for placement of the speaker. I would like to return the speaker and get my money back.Bruce Huyghue .	1	May 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	We tried to use it as a sound bar, DON'T. If you switch to a smart speaker, you can't switch back without unplugging it and waiting for it to boot up again. If you command it as a smart speaker, it switches the input off, but there is no command to allow it to switch back to input. Tried emailing support 4 times, no answer, because there is not one and Amazon does not care to provide a simple fix. The only work around is to switch off the microphone and not set it up in a group. If you are not going to use it as a smart speaker, there are much better sound bar speaker options out there. If you are going to use it as a smart speaker, get an echo or echo dot, save a lot of money.	1	February 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Can't see the indicator light from below a straight line of sight - which is actually an issue.  Can believe they didn't think of this!	3	November 14, 2019	1
Echo Studio	If you are hoping to play Spotify on this, the app won’t allow you to link your account through Alexa App. The only way to play your Spotify is by using the Bluetooth. That means you can’t use Alexa voice recognition to play your songs.Big fail. I guess amazon is trying to push their own music streaming service.	2	August 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Doesn't respond well with other Amazon devices like the Echo Show. Dont know if Echo Show is the root of all problems, or if the Studio is. Either way the integration of the products across our smart home has become a source of frustration instead of making our lives easier.	2	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was disappointed to get a box that had the seal opened.  I got a used one.  So, I’m skeptical if it’s working properly.I bought what was to be a new product.  Now I question the history of this speaker.	2	February 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound isn’t nearly as rich and clear as I’d hoped.	3	July 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Alexa isn't quite there. Much work need on voice recognition.	3	July 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Its cool but this is not a 'speaker' if you just simply wanna play some musics, you can not connect through bluetooth so it means you cant play the musics on your phone, yes it will connect to you apple music or Spotify but it doesn't play it through your phone, you can not control your music on your phone without using alexa app, personal I like to pause my music or control the volume using my phone. Its really annoying you cant just click a album on your apple music to play, you have to tell alexa to play specific things	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Voice commands don't register 98% off the time	3	August 3, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Everything about this speaker is great, except one major issue. When paired with a 4k Firestick I continually have sync issues. It varies from app to app so you can't use the delay feature. Maybe with the next version the integration will be better, but for now I would suggest getting a separate soundbar.	2	September 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Tried it via optical cable, tried it via FireTV 4k, tried it every way I could think of. The sound is missing something in the mid-range when it comes to movies. Music sounds great, but the HD music library has to be Amazon's, and it's not that big of a catalog.	2	November 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Do not recommend.We hardly used it at all, never abused it at high levels of Volume for long times, etc. Speaker unexpectedly broke. Did not drop it, did not get water on it, etc. one day we went to use it and we noticed the sound was muffled. The speaker would connect and turn on, nowhere it was a very low sound no bass - which made anything emitting completely inaudible.I was a week or so over the return policy and very upset as it is an expensive purchase. Would not recommend Amazon’s line of speakers again.	1	March 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This is the worst Echo product. I own other Echo and Alexa products and they work fine. The Echo Studio constantly disconnects from Wifi, does not sync with other products, and when it all seems to be working, it wont detect voice.	2	March 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It’s disappointing when a product is marketed exclusively for another product which is almost nonexistent. I can hardly find 3D music outside of the sanctioned Amazon playlists and there is no way to find what else may be out there without going on a needle in the haystack search.I’m extremely disappointed by this product which was marketed on a service in which I pay a monthly subscription for and is nearly nonexistent 2 months after launch.	2	January 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I did like the looks and sound but if you change rooms the calibration goes and you loss the bass all together and can not get it back, I try everything so I am sending mine back. Oh yes I try to contact the service department but no answer you can not talk to a real person like really, try yourself contact them you will see.	2	May 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality is far superior to Apple HomePod and Google Home Max, but Alexa still struggles to follow basic commands.	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This echo studio is so disappointing. All my other echo devices work so easily and do not require me to do anything other than take them out of the box and plug them in. This device however likes to become unresponsive after a couple of days and needs to be unplugged and rebooted. I also bought the subwoofer and it does not like to pair with this device and ironically I believe it can only pair with and echo studio. Save yourself the money, head ache, and heart ache and buy a normal echo not this super expensive disappointment	1	February 20, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The system works ok with certain fireTV apps and not so great with others.  I get constant sound syncing issues with non-amazon apps.  I use two echo studios for theater sound and have another echo plus.  It worked together for awhile then stopped working together.  I have reset the systems over and over again.  It's always a shot in the dark when I want to listen to Spotify.  Sometimes the music plays and other times it's silent.  I wish there was a better integration system with using multiple Amazon echo products + FireTV without having to buy $100+ equipment.  At this point I should have gotten a regular home theater speaker setup.	1	July 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I primarily use my studio to play music from my spotify account it constantly disconnects. A lot of times when I try to play from spotify it wont even start playing on the speaker. Not sure if a spotify issue with the studio specifically or a studio problem. never had a problem with spotify on any other alexa device though	2	August 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	won't synch with Alexa, wont synch with sub, studio turns on shuts sub off then they both stop working...ehhh...I am pending a refund now don't waste your time and money, go get sonos.	1	April 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	You’ll need to give amazon every detail about your life to set this speaker up. Pairing with bluetooth is an absolute nightmare. Every time it fails or someone connects to it, the process has to start over. You’ll spend more time in setup than you will listening to music. I build computers and develop software so I’m fairly tech literate.  Get a simple bluetooth or wifi speaker and it’ll probably have better sound too.	1	December 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was disappointed at the sound quality, the echo studio has room sensing technology and 1 additional speaker over the regular echo.  With the technology and extra speaker the studio, should easily outperform an echo 3rd gen (that’s 1/2 the price). It didn’t. 😕	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I've had echos from the 1st gen until this one. i honestly don't hear any improved sound. its just bigger. the voice response seems less sensitive and we often have to repeat commands or raise our voice to get a response. whispering doesn't work well and my advice is get the cheaper model	2	September 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I really liked my single echo studio and decided to get another to set up as a stereo pair.  I set it up and really enjoyed the sound quality UNTIL... horrible gaps ruin the transitions in Abbey Road / Dark Side of the Moon, etc.  NO GAPLESS PLAYBACK.  It's a catch-22 - you can get gapless playback by pairing bluetooth, but then no stereo.... stream over wifi, stereo sounds great, but agh... those gaps...	2	January 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It works well with fire TV but sound quality isn't as great with other TVs , it's the expensive.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Will be nice to have it wireless.	2	November 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	They sound ok	3	October 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The bass is too loud.	3	September 4, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Well this product sounds good not amazing but good. What drives this product into the abyss is Amazon prime music along with Alexa who seems to be dyslexic at best. Horrible. Amazon prime music even sucks on my $300 Beats headphones.. pops hisses and the bit rate is noticeably slower and of poor quality. Sorry but next time I’ll pay more for a Sonos system and play my own music.	2	February 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"This unit started having major problem after three weeks.  It would shut off, no lights, no voice response, no response from buttons.  I even tried unplugging it, wait one minute, plug it back in.  No lights, no nothing.  Dead.  After a day, it started working again!  I wanted to return, but Amazon makes you talk to Customer Service before you can send it back and it takes awhile to go through all the ""tips and tricks"" on this device they want you to try.  i'd wait till they get the bugs ironed out."	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"This is a tentative review for an item I ordered 2 months ago and has yet to arrive. After speaking with ""Paul"" from Customer Service, the only explanation for constant unmet delivery dates is ""stocks not as expected"". Most recently, the delivery was set for December 13-17 and it hasn't even shipped—again.If you're interested in this item, I couldn't recommend this less.I'm replacing a gen 1 Echo that randomly got stuck on blue circle one day and wouldn't respond to the reset button. I wanted a better sounding device anyway, so I ordered this. My entire ""smart home"" is inaccessible by voice until this arrives.I may update this review if it ever arrives, but I won't hold my breath. The competitors are getting more attractive every day."	1	December 18, 2019	0
Echo Studio	The light bulb that is “free” does not work without buying a hub.	3	April 29, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This speaker is great!  The voice command is SOOO bad.  It is by far the worst echo device we have and we have 4 other echo devices.  I have asked for a replacement, and Amazon has not responded at all...crickets.  Try telling it something simple “Alexa volume 5” and it stops to think but never listens.  Such high hopes for this, was planning on buying 4 of them to replace all our devices, no way after the performance of this one.  I find myself asking her 3-4 times and sometime screaming over the speaker....she’s like a dog that doesn’t listen, she hears you but ignore you.  Pisses me off- I have though about pulling an “Office Space” pummeling of this device.	1	February 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Stereo with 2 studios only works with streaming not Bluetooth ( plenty of headphones play stereo with Bluetooth with 2 separate speakers).Also like others, when streaming it either stops and says it has a hard time or doesn’t stream at all after confirming the command.  My iPhone on the same WiFi works just fine streaming. Maybe a first gen chip problem.  Streaming will work when initiated thru the alexa app.Not ready yet	2	November 17, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"Thought I did my homework but clearly I didn't.I was told it works with Fire TV's.So I went and bought a Fire TV.To my surprise, It only works with AMAZON Fire TV.So it didn't work.PLUS, even if you have an AMAZON Fire TV, that's the only ""input"" that delivers sound.If you have Cable/Satelite or a DVD player...you're out of luck!Went and got a soundbar system that works with EVERYTHING."	1	September 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	need to buy the bass with it	2	November 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	A little disappointed. Doesn’t have the range or depth of a Sonos speaker. But it does have Alexa.	3	January 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	El sonido no es tan bueno como esperaba, los homepod de Apple tienen mucho mejor calidad al reproducir música	3	December 30, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Breaks down regularly after 2 years. Not as good as we'd hoped. Not nearly as responsive as other echo devices.	1	May 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	3D audio is not great as I thought.	3	July 14, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I am sure there is a user's manual hard copy or digital.  It should be advertised	3	January 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Every single time I try to use this with our 4K fire stick and Sony TV the video and audio jump off sync if I pause or fast forward a commercial. I’ve tried messing around with the audio settings from the tech site, still doesn’t work. I should return it, but the audio for music is really impressive. My other disappointment is that it won’t pair with the fire stick remote.	2	February 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Great speakers, garbage connection to FireSticK. The sound constantly drops and there is no straight forward way to fix it. I would highly recommend that if you are thinking about pairing the studios with a Firestick that you stop, and just got a soundbar. At least you’d have reliable audio when you want to watch television.	2	July 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Sono""s 100% blows this away, sound, connectivity, Group, Multi-Room and if you can get, Example: Echo Show 2nd Gen to group (You can, but not easy,  remember only 2 Alexa devises plus Amazons Subwolf), you just lost all of you grouped Sono's speakers. DO NOT BUY! my opinion!!  Amazon needs a lot of firmware updated to compete with Sono""s not even close!! Very disappointed in Amazon to put this product out!!"	2	December 28, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Sound was disappointing, not a clear sound had a tinny quality to it. to much money for quality of sound.	3	November 12, 2019	1
Echo Studio	There seem to be quite a few glitches with the Echo Studio. We have to restart it all of the time. It won’t always play music and seems to have trouble controlling smart devices that none of our other Echo products have. Seriously thinking about returning it.	2	October 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I originally gave them 5 Stars. I own 4 studios and a sub. For about 6 months they just don’t please me. I used to be able to group them and play music downstairs or upstairs. I joined the groups together so I could play music everywhere and Now neither group works. I’ve tried 15-20 times and it looks like I have groups but when I tell Alexa to play music nothing happens. Often an individual speaker will switch to guest network and I have to manually change it back, but that doesn’t work either. The 2 echos that I use with my Sub only plays music on 1 speaker- no stereo. I am ready to trade them in for Sonos. I can’t believe how disappointed I am with these speakers	1	February 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Compre 2 echo studio, y aunque tienen un buen sonido cuando las usas en esterero (solo con spotify o amazon music) la calidad del sonido vs el precio no justifica la compra... Si me lo preguntan, consideraria un juego de parlantes y un echo dot en vez de dos echo studio.	2	September 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I purchased this a year ago and it frustrates me. I have other Echo devices and thought this would be a good addition for my home office. The sound is great, but the voice recognition is buggy. I try connecting through the Alexa app and music will just abruptly stop. I usually have to unplug to stop music. I have Sonos in other rooms and will replace this with Sonos. Disappointed in the cost and the reliability.	1	September 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Worked great except while it’s in use it causes all programs on the fire stick to crash, pause, restart, or lose sound. Massively irritating. None of the online “solutions” worked and many others have the same issue.	2	March 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Per Amazon support, I cannot pair this device with my TV unless I use a fire stick, all while I can easily pair my echo dot (and who would want that?)... this is very disappointing since most people who have a smart tv already have a smart tv an have no need for a fire stick. Look for something better. This isn't it.	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I’ve waited having one studio over a year and the next over six months before a review. I do like the sound, however I’m sick of constantly having to unplug everything and having them sinc up again because the studio just can’t seem to keep in line. Amazon I would expect much more out of your technology. I’m constantly having to fiddle with a costly sound system that does not deliver. And that’s with having Amazon’s Eeros wifi, that makes you pay extra to “seamlessly connect to other Amazon devices. This is the reason people like Apple more.	1	January 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I hate this product.  Bought an Echo Studio as a Christmas gift for my family intending to integrate into my home theater system.  This function is basically worthless.  There is a horrible sound delay when you connect this to your home theater system via your local wifi and for some reason the delay persists even when using an optical cable directly to the TV.  If you want a home theater system, I recommend you skip this product and buy a simple sound bar and subwoofer.	1	April 17, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Has been replaced by Bose soundbar, Very disappointed, I have purchased various echo products this is the worst. I would not purchase. This is the second unit since the first one would cut off, disconnect, static sounds.  Only to receive another unit with the same problems. I wish I would have spent a few more dollars and purchased a competitor. I had to contact customer service 5 times before getting the first one replaced. At one point they even recommended I switch the outlet connections to fix my problems (come on).  I’m convince that Amazon is not being honest with the review ratings. I hope to post a video displaying the issues.I basically have a non portable $200 Bluetooth  speaker.	1	April 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I combined a pair of these with my FireTV in Home Theatre mode. After a week or two the grouping would fall apart and I would have to re-create the grouping in the Alexa app.  I blamed my home network/wifi and upgraded it to a Ubiquity Unify mesh system (which rocks). Alas, to no avail, the home theatre grouping eventually failed. This time after 2+ weeks but it continued to fail until my wife asked that I get rid of them and put the old stereo speaker pair back.  During this time I upgraded the devices in the hope that it was a firmware/OS issue but it didnt help.	1	July 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The regular Echo speaker seems to have a comparable sound for a considerably lower price!	1	June 13, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Unexceptional that you can’t use this speaker as a Bluetooth speaker on a regular tv. Only works with Apple TV	1	May 13, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I have had this subwoofer and a pair of Echo studios paired to my Cube Fire TV. It will take me at least 15 times to set it up to be able to pair all of them to create a home theater system. From time to time, they will lose sound while still being integrated and I will have to re-pair all of them again. I got tired doing these things again and again. I currently just took them out and just use my good old TV speakers.	1	April 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	We wanted to like this BUT we had so much difficulty connecting especially when you have multiple devices. We also got the Echo Sub which only worked when my husbands phone was connected to it but for the life of me I could not get the sub to work when connected to my phone.  This device only seemed to work well with Amazon Music services. I could not get this to work with Apple Music at all or any other services.  It got so frustrating we decided to return it. We are pretty technically savy and this was the most annoying products to use compared to other wireless Bluetooth players. Lots of work still needs to be done to improve the technology.	1	February 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	mids are harsh, you really cant reproduce good sound like this in my opinion. im comparing to expensive home theater so its biased, horrible bluetooth connectivity when i am near it it works bad, then for some reason two floors up it grabs the connection from a bt speaker right near me. makes no sense	2	June 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	didn't really hear anything different than my other echo.jacked up the eq and still sounded the same.	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sounded absolutely horrible compared to my four year old 30W, yes 30 not 330, B001S14DYO for $90. I really don't understand why there are so many good reviews for this.Dialogue scenes sounded like the actors were in a tin can.Explosions sounded like gentle claps.Tried various Alexa app sound settings for treble/bass/midrange and all they did was make things sound worse.Tried audio from a sound group in Alexa app. Tried audio from the 3.5mm stereo input. Nothing left to try.Returned same day. :(	1	March 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality was less than expected for something to rival a Sonos or Bose.	2	September 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The speaker started off nice. The 3d sound capabilities are pretty nice. I bought this for the purpose of listening to music based on the fact that its supposed to have bigger and better speakers than the smaller echos or echo plus, and also had a built in subwoofer.The sound was good until about 2 weeks after I got it. Now it just sounds buzzy and distorted. I'm pretty disappointed. I wasn't expecting Bose levels of quality, but I had expected it to last longer than 2 weeks.It still works for alexa commands, but if that's all I wanted, I would have bought a dot for $30 instead of the almost $200 for this one.	1	May 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Too much audio hype.	3	August 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"The sound quality for music is better than the basic Echo, but it's not in the league with a quality speaker.  The sound lacks ""presence.""  It sounds like it's in the distance or the sound is coming through a window. I tried my favorite speaker evaluation songs, and I was disappointed on each one.  I have a set of Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 THX computer speakers ($119) that provide much better sound."	2	November 23, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Constant lag between two of them. Wouldn’t recommended. Had to return due to the cost not being worth the product.	1	May 15, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I really wanted to like the echo studio but to be honest it's just ok at best. It MIGHT be a $200 speaker sound wise but that's it. Certainly not impressive sounding to myself. Functionally it's pretty sad. Apple Music is not functional. Yes, it will play music but if you make the mistake of buying this and wanting to use Apple Music, you will understand my frustration. Some songs show in the app, some don't. You can't shuffle anything. If you do get it to actually shuffle, it's not the whole play list only the handful of songs it decides to show in the Alexa app. Amazon really dropped the ball on this!!!! I would not buy this again under any circumstance.	1	March 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sounds great, but Alexa has trouble hearing us even when music is not playing.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Speaker blew within a month can't get it fixed mini optical garbage breaks because you have to keep unplugging the studio because it quits working big wast of my money highly disappointed with Amazon I feel ripped off trash don't buy it	1	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Not very impressive	3	August 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I'm not sure if it was trying too hard to optimize the sound in a multi-room setup, but the sound of my other echos in other rooms really started to struggle and frequently disconnect.  Similar to when I had a stereo pair.  Ended up returning the studio as it caused too many issues for my setup. Went back to an Echo dot plugged into a soundbar for my primary living room.  Sound was really good on the studio by itself. But that didn't fit within my music playing/Alexa universe.	1	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I already have two and was hoping to do surround sound but it does not handle 4. Should have bought a real speaker system.	2	June 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Two months after I bought and set up the Echo Studio the red ring of light (so devilish)  came on and the microphone stopped working. Alexa no longer listened to me.  The published solution is to push the microphone button which unmutes the microphone which I’ve somehow muted. But when I push the button for four seconds she searches for a WiFi network.  I bought Alexa to listen to me and despite my considerable research and pressing all of her buttons in various combinations the ring of red light remains. Sad. I feel rejected. She, at least, remains a lovely blue tooth speaker.	1	August 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	after asking to play something, the assistant will say its going to play and never does. wont play together from phone. bought two and really want to return	1	April 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Not as loud as expected	3	July 13, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This sounds great but it cranks volume to 100 % all by itself. super loud and scares the animals	1	May 9, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Genuinely impressive for a small sound source.Update 11/22/20 On my second unit. Just super glitchy. The optical cord creates havoc with this thing. You have to yell at it. Mic on my dots are way better. The price far exceeds the value. Sound quality is impressive when working just don't expect consistency as a television add on and to raise your voice.	2	March 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Overall sound not bad for the money. Worked fine while it worked. Then it stopped pairing with internet. I reset to factory settings - didn’t help. I have two echo dots that work fine. Had to send it back. Amazon required I go to an Amazon drop off center to return and issued a gift card instead of crediting my card as requested. I’ve been a Prime customer for years - returns usually not a problem. They are now. Disappointing. Next electronic gear I buy will be direct from manufacturer or Best Buy.	1	February 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was expecting much better quality sound	3	May 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Bluetooth is almost worthless. Complete junk- buy the bose. Wont pair reliably at all. Worthless.	1	May 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The audio input is worthless. The audio constantly drops out and super low level audio on toslink so you can’t enjoy movies. It sometimes jumps super loud when audio starts on TV to give you and the whole house a heart attack and then it goes to the normal volume. Literally only good for streaming music. You can’t pair a second unit for your TV either. What a waste of a platform.	1	October 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have a brand new 75in insignia firetv and it's not compatible.... I cannot wrap my head around this. These have to be wired or there to buggy with connection issues.	1	March 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Integrated Alexa kept stopping music playback regardless of whether router was on 2.4 or 5.0 GHz band. Often did not respond to voice commands just gave a glowy circle. My echo dots perform without flaw so I'm a bit disappointed and will return it.  Good sounding speaker tho.	2	August 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	For no reason at all, these speakers will disconnect from the fire tv and not produce any sound.  They also skip and pause when playing music.  Look elsewhere for your surround sound and speaker needs!	1	February 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Won’t play music, won’t pair with my new 4K tv.  App shows it’s paired, but won’t work.  When paired directly with my fire cube, may work for about 10 minutes but then goes completely silent.  I “just missed” the return window by two days because we thought the problem was the cube and Amazon replaced that after multiple tests.  We bought a new tv because our old one required a Bluetooth adapter and the speaker definitely wouldn’t pair with that!  Have been waiting for the brains at Amazon to figure it out or authorize a return/exchange.  It’s been a month and I’m still waiting.	1	June 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I think the sound quality is great and the performance of Alexa is also very good. But sporadically it just stops! No sound at all for a few seconds than it continues to play, all with No voice commands. I think I’m going to return it and try to get one that works properly.	1	January 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Pobre  calidad de sonido , experiencia 3d puro marketing	3	March 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality is fine. However they have become so annoying with all of these suggestions after I ask simple things if I want to know the weather I don't want it to suggest five hundred other things to purchase I can't believe I paid almost $300 for this junk to sell sell sell sell sell annoy annoy so so so stupid.	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The sound is amazing but it stops constantly for no reason at all.	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sound quality is generally very good, but frequently-in the middle of playing music -  a shrieking noise that almost sounds like a chainsaw begins! If I turn off the speaker manually, wait and restart it, music resumes.	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I don't like that these three units (Studio X2 & subwoofer) are sometimey with their paring; with only one speaker playing at times.  but if the other unit gets the command they might play together.  Long wait on hold with tech support (once I was able to FIND a tech support number).Then there still the problem with 20% of command being ludicrously wrong.  But would the programers code these things to at least stop giving you wrong response?  Of course not.Yes they are the best sounding Amazon echo speakers but the sound is middle of the road reasonable for a sound system compared to what's on the market.	1	February 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Amazing sound qualityUpdated review: sound still amazing, Bluetooth technology is absolutely terrible	3	December 10, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Great sound quality when it works, but I’ve noticed a lot of cutting of the sound when used as an ATMOS streaming theater speaker with Fire Cube... it’s really distracting.  I have a very fast (fiber optic) ISP.  I feel like the problem isn’t and shouldn’t be my bandwidth.I’ll update this post if the problem stops.	2	February 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Was excited about this but it always had audio issues playing from Amazon Firestick..  it pretty much can’t make it through a single episode of TV without losing audio.	2	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Downgrading from 2 to 1 star. Sound, even when using an optical cord, comes and go sporadically when watching shows on Recast.So disappointing. Going straight to eBay.___________________________________Very difficult to sync if trying to use as a speaker for your tv (especially with an Amazon tv) Ended up buying an optical cord and cannot adjust the volume expert through my phone. One would think amazon products would be compatible.It does have decent sound for the price. However i would be happier buying a Sonos instead.	1	January 17, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Has a bad background static that keeps me from giving it 5 stars	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Studio	The audio pairing with the fire stick tv doesn't work well, had to use an aux cable from my projector.	2	June 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The sound is great. The home studio integration with Fire TV is very buggy and falls out of sync often. The Studio also frequently falls off of WiFi and has to be reinitialized from scratch.Not ready for release.	2	October 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I wish it could be used as a soundbar with more ease	3	January 23, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality is great, sure. But the toslink / optical hookup is basically DOA and does not work. I had it working (with the Amazon Basics minitos cable) for maybe a day, but then it spluttered and died on me in the middle of playing some audio. Now I can't get it back no matter how much I reboot or unplug / replug cables. So this expensive device, which I had bought specifically for the optical in hookup so I could use it with my computer, is basically useless.Sounds pretty, though.	1	November 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	i want to like this thing but i dont like it. cant return it. not helpful my guys. wish i had gotten a sonos fml	1	April 1, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It is not what I want	1	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound goes in and out and when I pair with my Smart Tv	3	December 15, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I listen to music, and every 30 minutes it makes crackling noises similar to metal and glass being loaded into a pile. This lasts from 2 to 4 minutes, then returns to music.  Extremely annoying!	2	November 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Great sound quality, but it can only be controlled by the app.  It does pair with the Echo Sub, but does NOT pair with the Echo Dot - VERY DISAPPOINTED	1	March 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It’s a very nice design but that about all it have no bass the sound is distorted I suggest to get a sub woofer for this.	2	March 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I would not recommend this to anyone.Especially given the price. The music playback constantly breaks up, the response from Alexa is unpredictable at best like the microphone doesn't work. Yelling at it helps sometimes but not always.The HD music sounds great when it doesn't stop part way through the song 20 times. Or just skips to the next one.Very disappointed with this one.	1	August 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"With 5 existing Echos around the house, I was more than excited to experience the sound quality from this """"3D sound""""""  device. NOT impressed, certainly not a Bose, and waiting for the 3D to happen."	2	October 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	i spent more money for this model, but if i find that the sound quality is no different than a regular echo.am i doing something wrong?	2	January 29, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Subpar audio, lacking back words support  to previous echo devices	3	January 6, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I can’t not recommend this device.I have to reboot this device regularly because of stuttering issues. WiFi is solid though my small apartment so connectivity shouldn’t be an issue. Also, in combo with the FireTV, if I rewind whatever media I’m watching, 9/10 times the audio/video will be out of sync.Audio quality is good. Alexa integration is fine but these two issues are crippling and highly annoying.  I would go to optical input to eliminate these issues but then I lose most of the benefit of this wireless speaker , including not being able to transmit Atmos and 3D audio.	1	June 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	After having it for less than a month it completely stopped working. Won’t reset won’t power on nothing. Thankfully I’m still in the return window but wow, 1 month life expectancy for such an expensive product. I’m not impressed.Also was hoping to use this as a stereo system but the limits on what you can connect is insane. You can only connect ONE of the exact same device. So you cannot pair this with the echo or any other device that is not also the echo studio. It’s ridiculous.	1	November 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Great sound, but I have had NOTHING BUT HEADACHES as an Alexa device. Everyday, ""Sorry, I'm having trouble understanding right now."" I've tried moving it 3 or 4 times, resetting, re-calibrating, YouTube tricks, Google research, NOTHING. All of my 3rd generation echo devices have to do her job, and they work every time perfectly. Why couldn't they get the software to work on this huge device? It should work better....SEVEN MONTHS of trouble, and it's too late to return. Whatever......good sound though when it wants to work."	1	January 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have 2 Echo plus and a sub and decided to test out the Echo Studio pair with the sub and wasn’t the biggest fan. I tried changing up the sound settings but the music consistently sounded flat regardless of what I did. The vocals of songs sound much clearer and punchier on the echo plus than they do on the studio. Honestly after testing them, I don’t think there’s enough change in sound quality to justify upgrading to them. Also, as a disclaimer, I live in a small studio apartment so perhaps putting the speakers in a larger more open room would allow you notice a bigger difference in quality.	1	February 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It’s something new. Like to boss Alexa around. It’s fun	3	January 10, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I like the echo show 2nd gen at a cheaper prise	3	January 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Don’t buy it. It’s not worth your money. Anything Alexa is garbage because the amount it glitches. It’s more frustrating than it is enjoyable.	2	March 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Seriously? $200 for a smart speaker that worked for about 6 weeks then constantly lost connection and went offline. Must be a common fail as Amazon decided to only allow a 30 day return window when all other Alexa type products have a year. Amazon offered to replace with a refurbished one. Refurbished = Broken and repaired. I know what kind of ""technicians"" test and repair these things. Hard pass. I could understand this if it had been a year or two under warranty but 6 weeks?"	1	December 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It will play the Bluetooth from my husbands phone while he’s at work and will not play the Bluetooth from my phone I’m standing right next to her shows that she’s connected. We have to constantly unplug her to get it to switch Bluetooth devices. And we set her default as Apple Music and she consistently tries to play from Spotify instead.	1	October 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Don't bother nothing but trouble constantly disconnects. You spend more time trying to get your set up to work than you do enjoying it.	2	March 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I currently have a Amazon Echo (2nd Generation), and the sound and build quality is much better on the older one. I ended up returning the Echo Studio.	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I got 4 with the subwoofer. They won't play together like they should They drop and start playing different songs all the time. I hate them and wish I never got them.  Now I'm out over 1000 for a crap product to say the least....	1	December 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound is amazing! However, it's voice recognition is much worse than all my previous Echo's. Another one in the house will hear me, when this one doesn't - while I'm standing beside it.	2	October 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The design is fairly bad. It’s very difficult to see the light on the unit to tell if it’s hearing your commands. We have the Studio in the same exact space as the old gen 1 Echo used to be and we almost have to shout sometimes for it to register.	2	March 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have issues the make it work and connect to a Samsung 8K TV via bluetooth.Because I can not tell if it is going to sound good or not	2	November 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Amazon can do far better price wise and sound wise. Spend a lot of money with Amazon, the sound is disappointing.Better to put together two Echoes and a sub and do it right.	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Great product	1	June 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The studio device is unable to connect to any of my other devices.  It would certainly be nice if I could get some help.	2	February 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I bought 2 for studio surround sound with Dolby atoms on my fire tv. The sound is good when it works but it constantly disconnects and skips and cuts out. Wish I could return them.	2	September 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This Alexia sounds good when it works.  I bought it so it would play the sound from our new TV.  Major fail.  Every time we watch TV or a movie the Alexa studio will lose connection and no sound.  Yes it is connected by a fiber optic cable.  The only answer we can find it to reboot Alexa.  No happy	1	July 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I bought it to be a optical powered speaker for my tv and to control zigbee lights.The optical never worked reliably and even a year later it still does not work.Zigbee support is now broken after a recent update which amazon support does not even know how to support so it has now become a very expensive echo dot.There are other alexa speakers that sound better and are more reliable then this device.  I would personally advise perusing those.	1	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Very impressive sound....for a clock radio.  Lower your expectations if you are looking for hifi for $200.	2	May 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I loved the sound this produced with the echo sub together. I did not love Amazon’s echo services dropping, thus killing the sound from the synced fire tv 4K, while watching a movie.	1	February 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It continuously disconnects from my firestick and in 3 occasions I have had to reset completely because it does not connect to my cell phone either.  By May 16 it will be 4 months with the echo studio and on 4 occasions I have had to do a hard reset so that it reconnects to my firestick 4K.  I'm already tired of this crappy device.  Don't waste your money on this garbage.	1	May 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Averagely disappointed. It never heard me	3	March 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Great Sound but limited to only working with alexa devices	3	December 20, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Installed a fire stick on a smart TV specifically to mate to the studio for sound.  Every minute or so the sound drops for a second, really ruins watching a movie.  Thought it was the connection to the TV so I disabled the TV link.  Now when it plays music it has the same issue with dropping out for a second every minute or two.Also when TV was connecyed only had sound for fire stick apps not for anything  broadcast through cable.	1	December 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	We have Alexa in every room, and both our dots and speakers work great. We purchased two studios and linked them together in our living room. Their sound is nice, but they don't listen well. They will light up when listening, but ignore commands. This ranges from not adjusting volume to not stopping music or timers. The better sound isn't at all worth the frustration, making the extra cost not all worth it.	1	May 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	still is not working properly, frustated	2	September 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Very glitchy. It never works for me. We’ve had this since it first came out and I wish I would have returned this in time. I’m very upset that I’ve wasted $200 on a product that doesn’t work. For example, today we can’t even get the studio to play sound after various resets. I’ve read of others with this issue. Once we do get it working, it works for a few days and then we have to reset or spend hours troubleshooting.	1	February 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound is ok. Not great fidelity. But ok.	3	January 26, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Main reason I purchase the Echo Studio was to use as TV speakers with my Firestick. Sound quality is fine but volume control with Firestick is wonky and mostly does not work.  How is this bug not fixed yet (https://www.amazonforum.com/s/question/0D54P00006zSsvsSAC/studio-volume-control). I tried calling support to no avail. If you're planning to purchase echo studion to use with firestick...I would highly recommend you not do this.	1	July 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The unit itself works fine, but Amazon has enabled Alexa to make all sorts of annoying suggestions that cannot be turned off.  Me: “Alexa, what’s the temperature?” Alexa: “It’s 31 degrees and the forecast for today is xxx.  By the way, did you know I can help you go to sleep by providing…?” I ask for the temperature and get extraneous interruptions that are not appreciated.  I am ready to toss it in the garbage and buy a competitor.	1	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	NOT QUITE READY FOR PRIME TIME	3	February 21, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Needs better sound quality.	3	March 11, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Sounds was nothing special -- I chose to replace with an echo dot and hard wire to two Harmon speakers I already had but did not like using with the app from Harmon -- now I control them with echo dot and they sound great.	2	May 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	OkNeeds better lies and highs	3	December 13, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I loved them at the beginning. Sound quality was excellent the Alexa is much more responsive. However, it doesn’t work well with the FireTV stick. Lose audio unexpectedly, and have to reset the speakers and the fire stick to get them connected again. This happens many times within 3 weeks. Therefore, I decided to return them. Definitely do not recommend to use as a home theater system. However, this is a good stand alone speaker.	1	March 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	If you have weak wi fi signal Alexa will shut down and not restart until you give verbal instructions.  So unless you have a very strong wi fi signal do not not bother with this.  I had it for a week and it constantly shut down when wi fi signal wavered and will not resume unless you give verbal instructions to restart.  No good in an area like mine where ATT signal is weak.  Am returning the Alexa studio.  cannot understand why a restart program is not a crucial part of this device when wi fi signal is weak or lost.	1	February 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Wasn’t a big improvement over the regular echo.	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	bought twice, both of them can't connect with my Samsung TV.Bluetooth function is a failure.	1	April 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The Bluetooth connection with my pc is not automatically connecting the studio . It should be automatic connect to my pc desktop every time I turn on my desktop computer but it’s not .	2	September 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was very impressed with the sound quality. But disappointed with the lip sync problem. There is an issue with the sound matching the mouths on movies and shows. Adjusted all the way and still an issue. Tech support says this is a known problem when using with a projector. Hope they will have an update soon.	2	December 15, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Great sound. Not great at responding	2	September 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Our use with different Fire TV sticks in different rooms in the home (with various placements) did not result in an acceptable home theater experience.When it worked, the experience was good... Just incredibly unstable performance.The sound experience was nice. The absolute lack of maintaining a stable connection to the source audio (4K Fire TV) more than ruined the overall product experience.In my opinion, not worth $199.	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Can't disable the Bluetooth notification, which is seriously annoying. It'll randomly blast you with the ""NOW CONNECTED TO *entire name of device, even if you've changed it*"" super loud. Their solution? Turn off your phone's Bluetooth! Sure, but I use my Bluetooth to connect my watch, which is way more important than this damn speaker. I'm ready to get rid of all my Alexa devices because of this."	1	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	For over 5 months, I’ve tried to make my 2 work with no success. I’ve called and talked to numerous experts and was told that I’d be able to return them if they aren’t fixed now I’m told I can’t. With 2 Studios, stands and shipping and tax, I’m out $700. DONT BUY STUDIOS.	1	November 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Its a good start but not that great	3	December 27, 2019	1
Echo Studio	This is my 5th echo product and arguably the worst. Very disappointed in sound quality. For the money I was expecting much richer and deeper sound. To my ear it sounds much too tinny and “shallow”. Also when I tell it to play Michael Bublé it says playing MB on Spotify buts then does nothing.	2	December 10, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Bought this for line-in feature, but Echo has a 'feature' that turns off line-in when signal is too quiet. The only way to turn it back on is to reset the Echo, or unplug/re-plug the line-in cable.A quiet signal would include quiet parts in music, movies/tv, or if you turn off the connected device (i.e., if it's a turntable and the album ends, you'll need to restart the Echo to get it playing again).You can read more about this on forums across Amazon and Reddit, but there's been no solution so far.Definitely returning.	1	May 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I love every other unit I've purchased.  I have it in my office plays a couple of songs shuts off. Disappointed	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Bass not so good	3	February 15, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This thing kind of sucks.  I had a 1st generation echo that could hear me all the time.  This won’t recognize when I say “Alexa”  and when I have it linked to my TV sometimes it randomly starts playing music I’ve never listened to and it turns off my program on the TV to do so.  Would NOT recommend	1	July 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Unfortunately I’ve been living with this for a year. It very often does not hear us. it’s microphone is somehow not sensitive enough compared to our other Alexis. I believe there was a speaker out when we got it but I wasn’t sure the sound just did not seem very balanced but after about five months The sound quality kept deteriorating now the speakers are just raspy and some songs that seem to hit a certain frequency play so poorly we can’t even listen to them.	1	October 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Unfortunately I'm stuck with two of these studio speakers. They can't be enjoyed in the slightest because they constantly pause, randomly start playing again, turn the volume up and down all on its own. $450 paperweights. Do yourself a favour and get non echo speakers for that price, you won't be sorry. I wish I never got these speakers.	1	September 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Voice recognition is not good	3	February 5, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Poor sound quality	2	September 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	never got free trial HD music	3	January 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	MehFor as bulky as it is, it should sound a LOT betterMight try the Sonos with Alexa for $10 more	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Worst alexa device I've ever used. Will not stay connected to wifi or the other devices you connect it to. Return	1	March 8, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The unit sounds great, but it constantly stops and starts music. Or just shuts off	2	June 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I just cannot get Echo Studio to play music form my TV or to even have the TV sound through the speakers.	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Music playback sounds great, audio through an auxiliary cord is quiet. My biggest problem is the damn thing turns on by itself in the middle of the night and starts blasting music. Also turns music on full blast every time I tell it to turn the lights off.	2	February 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The speaker has some technical problems and is not working properly.	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Buy the complete setup,2 echo studios and a subwoofer and set them as a home theater, complete waste of money, after months of use the left one fails a lot,the right one won’t power on if there’s a power outage, you will have to restart, the lip sync is terrible, the subwoofer equalizer needs a lot of work, on low volume gives you a good bass, but if you raise the volume the sub doesn’t equalize well. I do not recommend this product at all.	1	October 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Does not work with 4K fire tv. I get it says it works with 3rd gen and the other stuff. I find it stupid that even though I own a fire tv I still have to buy a fire stick to get it to work with this set up.	2	January 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	more volume !!	3	February 25, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Too boomy in the bass.	3	January 18, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Folks watch out -This product has a built in bluetooth network that is enabled.  You have to disable it and can.  However, it is disingenuous for Amazon to discreetly sell this device and not identify the internal network that can share data within your neighborhood using your internet connection that you are paying for.Totally wrong and unacceptable.	1	June 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Purchased 2 of thes so they could integrate. They don’t. Amazon says I’m outside my window to return (due to pandemic I have not been able to travel to where these are located so I guess while Bezos goes into space I am out of luck. Shame on u. )	1	October 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not as described.	3	February 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Garbage!!!!!! Waste of money!!!! Such a racket!! I am a LONG TIME Amazon customer. I have an echo device in EVERY room and was super excited about this.It does not work with my FireTV because my tv is considered too old!I can connect it via Bluetooth but the sound quality is absolute garbage!!!!Get a regular echo and you’re fine. This is a waste of money. I’m sending it back.	1	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Won’t play music when paired with fire tv on Samsung 9000 tv.  Why is this?  It does play music if the fire tv is on and select amazon music. But won’t play music when tv is off.  Using 3  wiFi 6 ROG Asus routers and 2 AC routers set up in mesh network. Switched to all new cat 8, high speed  HDMI  and coax cables.  Got a call from tech which was nice but no solution as of yet.Going to try to pair with a cube to see if that works.	1	December 7, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality is good, but voice recognition is an issue.  Alexa doesn't listen, or respond well to my requests and commands, I sometimes think I am speaking to my ex-wife. Maybe I should ask Alexa if she has a headache?	2	April 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Ah spent over ah weeks time of  alexa telling me.. hmm ah don't know what went wrong...or hmm something went wrong. ..and im standing there like an idiot' thinking im somehow supposed to resolve this ?when ah don't know what the problem is...7 days  it did this ...soo ah cant do that right now anymore... so packed it up went to the grocery store walked up to ah stranger handed it to him..and fiona appled and said ""this is bulls***!@#$%"" said thanks and walked away..in the  mean time instead of being productive ah was talking 2 a speaker..."	1	January 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Had to be defective. Only tweeter worked. Took 5 shots to get it paired to my WiFi as it was sitting right next to working Firestick 4K. Noticed tiny sound. Called tech support and they had me update software, reset, etc. Nothing worked. Sent back for full refund.My original order 2 weeks ago stated I would not receive the unil Jan 11th. Got it on Dec 24. I assume it was a defective unit or damaged in transit. The shipping box had no air cushions or anything and the echo studio inner box has no foam or anything.	1	December 24, 2019	0
Echo Studio	It works ok.  Alexa sometimes has a hard time recognizing voice especially when music is loud.  For the price, there are other speakers out there that have much better sound quality.	2	July 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality was horrible.  Sounded like an old AM/FM radio despite trying to recalibrate twice.  It was also glitchy when trying to use Spotify.  Lastly, I received the box with all my Alexa gear that I purchased and noticed that the seal on the Echo Studio box had been broken.  This must have been a return from someone else that found its way back into stock without being tested.	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Audio quality was disappointing. I have a old tube amp with passive speakers hooked up to a Bluetooth receiver and the audio quality from that setup far surpassed the Echo Studio.	2	August 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	lacks adequate midrange and up	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I have this device paired with a base unit and it is constantly cutting out.  And it's not like this just happens once an hour.  Sometimes it happens multiple times a song, and it happens at least once or twice an hour.  I don't have my Alexa and sub very far away either.  The sub is on the floor right under the Alexa.Now after just over the year, go warranty, it has completely failed.  What a waste of money.	1	September 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It won't play on any of my Apple devices. I guess this is Bezo's Revenge? I went through a number of tech experts at Amazon, only to be transferred un-knowingly to a non-Amazon support, who started to wreak havoc on my Mac i.e deleting important personal files, movies. This tech support would not help till I agreed to pay them $189.00 and to subscribe to their IT support. I've been a customer of Amazon since 2003, I love Amazon Prime and every other service they provide. So let the buyer beware. Oh it does tell me the weather forecast.	1	March 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	If you have an iphone DO NOT PURCHASE AMAZON DEVICES. I’ll be listening to music one second and then it will be disconnected the next only to never find my device again. Wouldn’t suggest way too expensive for something that doesn’t connect to Bluetooth. Zero stars & wish I could return.	1	September 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Our household has more then 15 Alexa products and were big fans.  We ordered our second Studio(and last) and it just won't wake up when saying ""Alexa"".  We were only asking to have the product replaced and Amazon refused multiple times.  They continued to ask us to reset and reboot which we did and doesn't work after initial reinstallation.  Be very careful ordering this thinking Amazon will honor this product like others."	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	2 Echo Studios and an Echo Sub .  They cut out and in. Alexa department has been working on them for 4 months now and no results. Don't buy these speakers. If I could get rid of these, I would but Apple Home Pods. They are more dependable.	1	September 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Minimal midrange. Good bass	3	January 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	If you use the firetv then definitely buy this, or you listen to a lot of prime music. Sound is good... basically just what you expect; sort of tubby sound, fills room. Its good for the price. BUT if you want to use this connected to any other device def do not buy. For instance bluetooth, or by cable... dont bother... total garbage. Whoever at amazon made this should most def be fired.	1	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have been a dedicated Echo purchaser (have bought 6 for my home and office and given them as gifts).  When the studio came out I was among the first to own...but for whatever reason when you give a command echo studio repeats the command but nothing happens.  It’s highly frustrating - especially at the price when compared to the other models that do work well.  Maybe I got a Dud instead of an Alexa.	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Ok speaker.  Sound level seems a little limited and Alexa acknowledgement is inconsistent.Update: This has been a disappointment.  Voice recognition is inconsistent and now the speakers volume isn’t working.  Guess going against my rule of not  buying new to market items has bitten me!😑	2	December 21, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Not very good audio quality. Barely an improvement over the original Echo.I might send it back. Definitely not worth $160.	2	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	https://www.amazonforum.com/forums/devices/echo-alexa/529298-sound-latency-with-echo-studioDelay in audio when hooked up to TV via cable.I purchased specifically for this reason.Will definitely return if Amazon doesn't have a solution prior to my return eligibility...  They have a fix for this on the fire stick and cube.	2	January 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	My fire cube and echo voice recognition will not work with each other. And you need WiFi In order to connect to devices, does not connect via Bluetooth.	2	August 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not reccomended	1	May 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Worst thing is it was in a spare room and was used twice. It’s also the 3rd out of 5 Amazon echo products I’ve owned to do so.Also Alexa is completely useless except for asking the time and weather for the most part as she doesn’t really understand much else enough to give helpful information	1	June 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This is the worse Alexa device I own. Which isn’t saying much because they are all garbage.	1	February 22, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The dropping out issues seems to happen very often. It’s set up in stereo. Sometime one side goes out or both drop out. It happens very often. Probably need to return both units. All my other echos work fine.	1	November 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Sound quality is very good BUT will not stay connected to the wifi. Drops repeatedly very soon after doing a hard reset. Followed help desk people's recommendations to upgrade the software but same issues. Second issue when is connected no sound comes out. Further doesn't stay in synch when play ""on the everywhere group"". It's pretty expensive to have these issues. I've read many people having these problems."	1	March 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	You can’t remove offline devices from alexa app. So use the alexa website? But wait….you cant use the website unless you’re on a desktop! Absolutley horrible from a trillion dollar company, and someone hasnt fixed this. Ultra lazy software engineering, that has caused a headache for the customer. Therefore, one star rating.	1	August 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Never worked had to return	1	April 17, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I liked it while it was working but it died in less than two years.  I have a couple of Sonos devices that have been working for five or more.  Now it is a pile of electronic waste that will be in the environment for centuries to come.	1	August 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	After about five months of service, this device would simply no longer connect to the Internet, even though I have three other Echo devices functioning perfectly.  After numerous chats with customer service and an uncountable number of factory resets, I gave up.  This problem will probably be inherited by someone dumpster-diving behind my house.  Good luck to him or her.	1	April 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I really wanted this two work...I bought one Echo Studio and it was okay. Then I decided to buy the second one a day later for the Stereo Pair. Worst decision and waste of Money! I can't listen to Spotify at all. A song will play and ten seconds later it drops and I have to hit play again. Such a huge inconvenience for anyone who just wanted to listen to their Spotify playlist. Just might end up returning both of them and Buying the Sonos One with Alexa as well.	1	February 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	+_	3	January 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Disconnect from my system far too often to be a reliable sound source for me. You can't depend on it to connect to the network, even though the wifi router is less than 4 unobstructed feet away. When, and if, it connects, it sounds good. Otherwise it's just an expensive paperweight	1	June 23, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I dislike Studio's first choice of a piano rendition of everything. That's tedious and discouraging.	1	February 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Recently upgraded all Alexas to the larger Studio devices.  While the sound is much better the devices don't always recognize voice commands.  Even standing right over it and clearly saying stop playing music it pauses to listen to me but then resumes playing music.  Not worth the extra money by always having to repeat myself asking simple commands the device and sometimes ignored all together.	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sounds good until it stops playback, usually about 1min into anything. The only way I’ve been able to fix it is to mute the microphone, which basically makes this a Bluetooth speaker without Alexa capabilities.	2	March 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It’s nice until the music cut out constantly please I have a song shut off then I’ll start on the next song play half shut offDoesn’t with metal country opera any type of music	2	March 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This unit has lousy sound.  Very tinny sound with no base,  The regular echos that I use have much better sound especially in the base area.  This unit is suppose to high quality fidelity sound but fall way short.  Sound like a cheap radio unit that yo pay nothing for.  I would skip this unit altogether and stick witch the basic echos that are under $100.	1	November 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Meh	1	April 18, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Died right after return window expired. Totally disappointed. I’ve got other Echo products and Sonos speakers that are much older and still going strong. I can’t tell from my order if I am still under warranty.	1	November 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Needs Bluetooth integration software fixes	1	March 29, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I gave this to a relative as a Birthday present. I set it up and made sure it was working. I just went over to her house and found it doesn't work, she says it never did! She apparently tried it months ago, it didn't work and never used it.I just spent an hour trying to get sound out of it and zero, nothing.It's apparently just a paper weight now.	1	November 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	purchased to primarily pair with my Fire TV as a surround system. sound is good, but the integration with Fire TV is horrendous. Random disconnect from the stick in the midst of watching has become beyond frustrating and without a simple workaround for fixing it. Old sound bar is coming back. This is by far the worst purchase I ever made on Amazon!	1	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Although Amazon says it functions with Apple Music. And IPhone, it does not. « Glitchy » is an understatement when describing this product, buy a brand name system.	1	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	HOME THEATER FUNCTION DOESN NOT WORK WITH FIRE EDITION TVS. Amazon refuses to update or give the entire os to their third party partners. Fire edition tv do not have Amazon’s firestick software. Please note in Amazon forums the tendency of speakers to disconnects and stop playing audio from tv without notice. Also that the fire edition tvs have stripped down os but marketed as full fire os	1	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was so excited to get this. I was equally disappointed in it. I think my old echo has just as good of sound as this one if not better, I believe it’s clearer.	2	February 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was expecting this to have amazing sound based on all of the hype, when frankly it didn’t sound any better than the regular echo that I already own. Which is why I returned it	2	February 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality of this speaker is actually very good when used in a set with a sub.  That being said, is a pretty big investment and leap of faith to put into an Amazon made item. Well, not even one year into my purchase, second studio speaker is dead, (loose connection internally). New one is on the way under warranty. Overall pretty disappointed in durability of this speaker.	1	December 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Within a month the cap for the subwoofer fell out and the bass went bad. About a year in it stopped playing music. It will light up when you say ""alexa"" but it wont playb anything. I would have to unplug it and plug it back in to get it to work. As if earlier this week, it completely stopped responding beyond lighting up."	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Through much fanfare I was very excited about this product. I purchased two of them to make a stereo pair for my fire cube TV and echo sub. After two minutes both speakers stop working and all I hear is the echo sub. Even restarting the television and the echo cube nothing seems to fix this issue. Unplugging the units and powering him back up still no affect. I hope this is a update fix in the future. At this point I am just very frustrated.	1	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	If you want to crank it loud  it handles it well !  BUT if you want it for background low music  Like I said  sounds  like a transistor am radio  No bass ??	2	December 13, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Won't work if connected bluetooth	1	March 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Every time I tell my echo studio to play a song it starts playing on a different device. They aren’t even paired or connected.	1	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not ready for prime time technology. Got two of these with the ECHO sub and audio is constantly sputtering while watching a movie over my 4k fire stick (200Mb connection, 2.4,5 mimo ac2100 router 20 feet away)	2	January 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I could not possibly be more dissatisfied with a product. Alexa is absolutely useless. It spends more time talking back than the most useless annoying person ever. I want to send them all back before I take a hammer to them. DO NOT WASTE ONE PENNY ON THIS OR ANY ALEXA PRODUCT.	1	April 18, 2021	0
Echo Studio	She never listens to me and her voice is so low	2	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Got this for couple of days now. Tried connecting it via toslink with my samsung tv. Sounds will goes on and off in the middle of watching netflix. Another issue is it will always go offline after couple of hours of not using it. Despite restarting my modem and my echo it does the same thing. Tried to reset and install if many times. Called customer support did everything they told me but seems not to fix the issue.	1	June 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This thing is huge and weighs a lot. Not what I expected. The sound quality is rough and not very good. I returned it.	1	December 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I’m a huge echo fan and own 8 speakers but I made a major mistake by being an early adopter of this piece of $@#!  Normally Amazon makes fair price good sounding speakers but go buy a Sonos or Bose if you want what is promoted.  NOT MUCH BETTER THAN AN ECHO DOT	1	March 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	No	1	April 3, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Interesting sounds but too much having to re set up over and over again	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not only does this device not perform Dolby Atmos like it claims to be able to, It requires you to be connected to their premium service in order to experience HD musc.  Do not Purchase this product!!!! It is a gimmick to make you purchase a speaker product that does not actually produce dolby atmos sound!	1	February 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not nearly as good as I thought it would sound from all the positive reviews.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"pretty disappointed. my echo dot  paired with echo sub sounds better.This is not ready for prime time. I really thought it packed a punch, by the way a whole lot of reviewers were ""blown"" by it. Trust me after trying it for a week. i can tell you, the base is nowhere that powerful as how the you tubers make it seem. These are obvious paid reviewers. well this is my honest opinion from one end user to another. safe your money."	1	January 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Constant ads and notifications with no quick way to remove them. It has gotten so much worse since I first got it.	1	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The low rating is for the volume issues I'm having. When listening to my tv the Echo Studio loses sound, the Echo then has to be reset by disconnecting the power cord. When listening to my fire stick 4k the volume resets to zero. I turn the volume back up and it will again reset to zero. This does this a few times and will correct itself or I will have to reset the Echo Studio by disconnecting the power cord.	1	April 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Muy caro para la calidad de sonido qué tiene	1	February 24, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Product is rampant with glitches, also has no aux cord or Bluetooth to phone access so anyone without the app can’t play music off of then, garbage product, waste of money, $200 brick because of garbage software	1	September 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Couldn't get it paired with the echo sub...issues with sound not synching with movies..had to purchase a remote just for the device..not worth it	2	July 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Do not buy this product.  My echo and pucks actually do what I say.  This one a year on just spins the blue light .  Do not buy this product	1	October 29, 2021	0
Echo Studio	would not connect to apple music properly. would not play my apple music playlists. Spent much time trying to set it up and it to play apple music... should not be this hard. Additionally, if you use as bluetooth speaker to stream from phone, cannot add another bluetooth speaker with this method. for me useless as someone who uses apple music primarily and looking for a multiple speaker set up. For Amazon Music users can imaging would be a better experience.	1	March 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This Echo Studio arrived yesterday. Initially it stopped part way through the set up process so I started again. Once I was able to get music to play it played with high treble and nearly no bass. I’m currently unable to modify the sounds to get the full body sound that’s advertised.....but Alexa did add “bass” to my shopping list. SMH. I really wanted to love this for my home office but this is a dud.	1	July 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This device just stopped working after a few days for no apparent reason. I tried to get assistance from Amazon’s customer service people. They blamed it on my wifi. They also spoke broken English. And now I have a $200 speaker that speaks to me but won’t play music.	1	April 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Returned it. Didn’t work well as a speaker for my tv which is why I bought it.	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sounds great when it doesn’t randomly disconnect from Bluetooth this is my second studio let’s have the same problem call customer service and was told they were trying to work on bugs	2	February 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Often requires resetting, it currently is not working whatsoever. The amazon/echo environment is very buggy. I would not purchase again.	2	September 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It seems that Amazon pushed out an unfinished product. When it works, the sound is great! However these are the issues I face:- Every few hours the sound completely drops for a minute or two. Very irritating if you are watching a movie.- It won't respond half the time, or it will respond even if you are not talking to it.Overall this is a waste of $200.	1	August 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	They will only hook up through WiFi...when they hook up.  The whole process was exhausting and in the end?  They kinda suck.  Timing mismatch from one streaming platform to the next, horrible drop offs while streaming.  And... you can't leave your Fire TV hard wired while using them.  There is just no flexibility with these things... very disappointed.  I returned them and would not recommend for any kind of TV audio experience.	1	May 1, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Should’ve waited before it went and sale and it did. This wasn’t worth the price I originally bought it at but for the sale price it’s at now it’s definitely worth it	2	March 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Don't buy this product. Our family probably used the speaker 2-3 times per week and at a medium volume. One of the speakers has already failed, and I am outside the support window. I can't imagine something like this happening with another brand of speaker. For $200, this should have lasted 5+ years. Now it's going to go in the trash.	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have 2 echo studio speakers paired with an echo sub and they sound amazing! But, only when they work.. the audio drop is still an issue and my speakers all sit within 6ft of my router running 5g with a great band with. This seems to be an on going problem amazon has yet to fix and until they do so I would not recommend buying until they fix the issue.	1	August 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Too expensive for something that never gets simple commands. The sound is great but not worth the poor performance.	2	September 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound cuts out a lot and speaker constantly didn't respond.  When it works it is fantastic but too many bugs make it a no go for me	2	March 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I hooked this up directly to my tv to get surround sound. The sound goes in and out on HBO all the time. Ruins watching shows. You can’t keep the tv sound on at the same time as the echo studio because it echos. Super disappointing buy. I have spent soooo much money on Amazon Alexa products and am really disappointed with this. I would return but I threw away the box immediately because I had faith in their products.	1	March 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Very dissatisfied with the studio. Does not recognise voice and is very slow to respond. I have used Alexa for years and have multiple devices.  Whilst the sound is good when it actually works, there are massive latency issues with the studio.	1	May 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This device can not play the same music that the speaker it is connected to if it were to save it's life! I have to reset it multiple times a day. Unpair,reset wifi, repair. It's exhausting. This is one of the worst pieces of technology known to man!	1	March 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Excellent sound quality but Alexa is not responding most of time	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Warranty good for 12 months. Product stopped working after 13 months. Like it was programmed to last just long enough. We didn’t use it very frequently becuase the sub always needed to be reconnected in the app. It did sound decent when it worked. More trouble than it was worth half the time.	1	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Seems to have issues being as efficiently connected as the Echo dots in the house. Technology seems to be spotty and slow. When the music does play, it’s a good quality.	2	February 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Loyal Alexa customer I have all the device’s. This one however I sat next to my new 60 inch Samsung Tv within one week the tv went out. The tech who came out said it was the magnet in this that had blacked half my screen out. Maybe Amazon should post a warning ⚠️ about this!!!!!	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Was really excited to get these but amazon created a device that is only fully usable if you use only  amazon apps and devices. If you like other music apps or other manufacturers this is not for you. Sadly returned after only an hour of disappointing use. I can say the sound was amazing but with only amazon options they might as well be an AM radio’s.	1	September 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Pretty ok speaker hate how it doesn’t connect to YouTube and you can’t really choose your Apple Music through the app	2	July 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It won’t hook up to a tv with the optical port with anything other than mono sound, unless you have a compatible Fire TV. No stereo pairing when the input is the optical input.	2	December 9, 2019	0
Echo Studio	"It's great.....when it works..The 1 star is mainly due to it works with my Chromecast...Otherwise it's Alexa play Spotify....""Sorry device offline""Alexa play XM Channel 41....""Sorry device offline""Alexa play Amazon Music.....""Sorry device offline""It won't recognize the audio cable from the TV....I don't have this problem with Echo Plus..."	1	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Music sounds better than all the other echo products. My only issue is with the alexa voice being to low relative to the music being played. No way to adjust the voice volume independently.	2	December 27, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Voice recognition needs to improve	2	April 20, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The music starts and stops all day long. This system was about 1,000.00 plus 250 I paid to the geek squad. I am miserable with the chaotic controls. I can’t even enjoy my LivingRoom.	1	September 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Cannot stereo pair with any older devices, completely useless for stereo sound. There is a mono device. No amount of technology in the Studio is going to overcome its poor mono sound compared to stereo. Amazon, your speaker engineers need to have their ears checked and their degrees questioned. Returning device for some other schmuck to buy refurbished.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Voice commands where okay. Sound is average needs to be turned all the way up to sound good. Bad thing is. The alarm side of this. Every time I set a alarm it’s silent. No noise whatsoever. It has made ma late to work 2x.	1	April 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Barely sounds better if at all than the Echo. If it was priced for 85 then I might have kept it. Not near enough treble. Returned after a few days. It is also taking a very long time to get my return. It is July 4th today and I returned it June 22nd at UPS  it is showing that they have not received it. Amazon never takes this long. Getting frustrated	1	June 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have two and they work great when paired, but the pairing can be very temperamental. I just restarted my fire tv and the sound stopped working, so I unpaired the device and when I went to re-pair, there’s some kind of error preventing me from selecting the echo studios. Very frustrating.	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The Studio constantly cuts out and can’t stay connected more than 15 minutes while playing music or audio. I have tried multiple networks and locations, still no difference. Contacted support but I haven’t been able to get a solution yet. When spending this kind of money on a premium Alexa device you would expect seamless function.	1	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This product is not a very good the sound quality is horrible	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I had an Alexa right next to a sound bar and thought this could replace them both. When I plug in the 3.5mm aux in from the TV, it is very quiet compared to Alexa’s voice/other volumes. I am very disappointed. How can such a simple feature be done so poorly? Am I doing something wrong? Is there a separate volume for the Line In? (TV volume on 100 out of 100)	1	June 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It doesn't play music. I tried both Amazon Music Unlimited HD and Spotify. It would repeat my command but will do nothing after that. When paired with Fire TV Stick 4k ( this creates a speaker group in the Alexa app), the tv audio works but basic standalone device functionality (play music) is broken till I I unplug and replug the device. I tried this with the TV on and off; it made no difference.	1	November 15, 2019	0
Echo Studio	The speakers are amazing... They are just not utilizing the capsaty, the sound could be so much better if the used the spacail capability. It desperately needs a software update!!!! Then it would be amazing...Update this speeker doesnt work!!!!! I have two of these as a sound system for the fire TV... EVERY DAY i have to disconneft snd reconnet them to get any kind sound, which often breaks up, one speeker stops working randomly...	1	March 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Paired they constantly drop amazon music.  I even bought a new router still the same thing.  They play fine solo I know that since one the devices will drop my WiFi and connect to another Ssid for no reason.  I have called amazon at least 10 times but no fix.	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Don’t like	1	March 4, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Sound somewhat better than echo.  Microphone much worse- does not respond to instructions while playing music unless yelling at it.  Underwhelming performance  on a size and mass basis.	2	January 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	For $170 I expected more. It had the same quality of sound and base as an echo. Why would you sell this?	2	June 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not as intuitive as they would have you believe 🙄 good sound when it does the right thing	2	August 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I received this item October 2019, it’s stopped working today! I had really no problems up until it stopped this point, it sounded great! I tried to return it and the window for return had closed! I’m will call customer service tomorrow and see what they’ll do, if anything!	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	A GREAT disappointment. Truly one of the WORST purchases in my life. Within 6 months the Bluetooth & WiFi connectivity stopped working. Can’t even use the speaker wired with an audio cable. The app is STUPID and useless.Complete waste of money. Can’t wait until Apple comes out with a similar product because EVERYTHING Apple just works flawlessly.	1	October 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Good sound quality Alexa understanding could improve	2	February 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It sounds as good as my regular echo. I was not impressed	2	November 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I tried to replace my desktop speakers with this echo studio since it saved space and combined speakers and my existing echo dot. The problem is the aux in takes forever to turn on, so for cases where I'm using this for meetings, lots of sound is dropped every time there is a pause in the room and returns. They need a way to force aux input as default for this case.	1	April 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not as good as advertised. Wish I had gotten a Sonos now.	2	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not even a year into owning this and connecting issues came up and continue to happen. Don't recommend. Better off gettin a sound bar at a local store	1	October 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It refuses to stream our amazon music unlimited family plan.  So it's basically a siriusxm player.  I think I'm going to cancel our amazon music subscription because it simply refuses to work.	1	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Los equipos no se conectan, se desconectan, de repente no funciona, se desconecta y conecta, equipo muy malo…!	1	December 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Horrible connection to Amazon fire stick. Will be returning it.	1	January 17, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Speakers work intermittently. They cut in and out and sometimes the sound is muffled. I'm lucky to get through one song without interruption.  Would not recommend purchasing these speakers.	1	August 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality is good, the volume is horrible. I could easily listen to max volume all day long. Not a good party speaker, or soundbar replacement. It's just and echo with a little more bass. Also, I have to say everything twice to Alexa, on this device.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sounds better than echo, but not good enough	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Treble/ high end muddy. Sending it back. I use Spotify premium with highest playback settings.	2	September 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Slow to respond to voice input, doesn't automatically ""calibrate"" every time it was place in a new room as it indicated it would during setup, tiny woofer means tiny bass no matter the price tag, 3D audio a gimmick.Slightly better audio than the Echo Show, but a disappointment overall."	1	November 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Purchase the sub and the studio with the intent of pairing them together and have not been able to do so after following the exact instructions several times.	1	September 20, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Doesn't respond to 90 percent of commands, if it acknowledges you speaking it ignores you.  Echo support will charge you for a warranty replacement.  a great paperweight that cost over 200.00	1	July 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Its a good speaker. But not awesome, the re-calibration is a bluff. The sound its just like a regular 360 speaker. Actually Boss or JBL have better sound quality. The HD 3D streaming from Amazon its just ....... higher qualityvstresm qith less compression. But not 3d as you get with a proper dolby atmos setup. Just pass!	1	October 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The studio is disconnecting sound intermittently from fire Tv 4k when set-up as a home theater - all support is offering is to exchange the studio - the internet is full of this problem and no solution have been found to exchange the studio is not solving the problem.	1	November 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	1st unit would not link to Wi-Fi, 2nd unit was undeliverable and returned, 3rd unit Was difficult to link and required a call to Amazon. Sound quality not as good as a sonos one, but definitely cheaper.would probably like to return item...	1	February 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Beware.  This speaker has a SHORT lifespan.  Speaker now crackles 100% of the time regardless of sound source.  Lasted less than 2 years and was always played at low volumes.  $240 down the drain.	1	May 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Does not function well into Apple integration. Cannot pair with Echo Plus for stereo sound.	2	August 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	While the sound is very good, I find that I have to reboot the speaker at least once a day. There are also times when rebooting doesn't work and I'm forced to unpair the speaker from my Sub. Re-pairing fixes the issue in the short term. That makes it unacceptable. I would not buy again. BTW, I have 4 other Echo speakers, none of which require constant reboots.	1	June 1, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Very poor, good thing I kept my Old speaker	2	November 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	If you don't already use Amazon music do not purchase this product. It is nothing but a constant ad machine pushing you to sign up and once you do it continues with more ads to upgrade to the better quality audio membership. Pairing with my echo sub is a nice touch but for the cost of both you're better off getting a system from an actual audio company	1	January 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound is very good. But the Alexa portion leaves a lot to be desired.  It consistently forgets how to do or how to connect to other devices, it doesn’t work nearly as good as the dots and plus’ that are spread through my home.  I regret my purchase daily	1	September 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I was very disappointed by the sound. It is not much better than the Echo.	2	August 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Junk	1	February 8, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Glitchy and doesn’t listen to voice commands reliably or properly.	2	October 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	DO NOT BUY!! Echo products do not last, they put in poor quality speakers! They have a max one year life span if you really actually use them! Please spend double the money for 5X the life span so you’re happy with your purchase! Sonos or home pod!	1	October 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	No discernible difference in sound quality from the previous model. Especially not for a $200 speaker.Secondly, the previous model paired with my echo sub quickly and seamlessly.This echo studio took 2 chats, 2 phone calls to Amazon and it wouldn't pair with the echo sub.	1	October 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The free Dam Philips Hue lamp is useless without a $63 Philips bridge. Just a tease and a waste of time.Thanks for nothing Amazon, not only a useless piece of junk, but wasted my time to figure out that echo was never going to discover it.The Echo studio is nice, but the Philips hue bulb scam ruined the experience.	1	July 1, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought 2 along with the sub, the sound is great but it really doesn’t pair with other devices at all and only seems to work when it wants to. It often cuts to white noise in the middle of tracks. I’ve contacted support several times to no avail or resolution.	1	September 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Way too big. Does not work well in a group with other. Seems to have gotten worse instead of better.	1	November 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Love the sound but need to reset it often.	2	October 30, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Very disappointed about the 3d audio... This is a nice speaker but the 3d effects are really not working. It's impossible to hear any difference between the 3d music and normal music...Had expected more	1	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I listen to a lot of music and it does a great job	2	August 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Didn't really perform the way I thought it would	2	October 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I really dislike this Echo Studio. It disconnects frequently from the network which means I have to set it up over and over again.  I plan to be looking at other options.	1	April 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	nothing special here, wish I returned it for refund.....save your dough	2	September 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Doesn’t sound that much better than a regular echo dot.	2	September 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Inconsistent POS. Loses fire tv pairing after powering down. Audio sync issues. Bandwidth jumping. Goes offline constantly. Might be decent for a stand alone music device but is far too frustrating for home theater use. Absolutely do not recommend	1	February 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was very excited about using this for music, , but after months of trying we could never get the product to work properly and there is little to no product support. Too late to return so it’s sitting in a box.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Why would amazon make a product that is not compatible with their previous echo devices. This is why apple is always ahead when it comes to technology. So dumb! Most people live in homes with multiple rooms. They probably are looking for a system that is compatible with their other Alexa devices or stereos. Common sense.	1	April 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I am not sure if this is a software or hardware issue but it’s the second device they’ve sent and the speaker quality is bad. It sounds like a bad car stereo package even at only 60% volume. Def not worth the money compared to other soundbars out there."	1	March 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Very good sound for a small speaker - good base	2	September 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I’ve had it over a year and I hate it. I use it as a sound bar for my fire stick and it’s always losing connection. If you try and use the Aux/optical the audio output will be off. I can’t wait to replace it with a reliable sound bar. Sounds okay though function is terrible	1	January 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Returned. Sound quality was not all it was hyped up to be. Terrible sound quality when paired with an echo sub. Returned.	1	September 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I would say this has been the most disappointing product I have ever gotten from Amazon.  It very regularly disconnects and stops playing sound.  It doesn't matter whether it is using bluetooth or directly wired to the TV.	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Limited to playing music you buy from Amazon, I feel ripped off having bought for $199. I bought 2 .... so I will use them for a bit to justify purchase then get new ones from not Amazon that make me less unhappy	1	November 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"Sound is tinny.  Not worth the $200.00 price.  I would give the ""Sound quality"" zero stars if I could. My Echo Show sound is far superior."	1	May 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Alexa has gone deaf with this device after a couple of months. Sometimes we have to call her several times to get her attention, so I think we’ll start using our old one instead. This device must come with a defective microphone or software glitch of some sort.	1	August 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The Regular echo work better , something is loss signals	2	August 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Does not fill the room with sound. Just coming from the speaker. I have not tried Tec support. Maybe they can help.	2	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not ready for primetime. Difficult to set up with TV. Constantly unstable as soundbar. Simply not worth the hassle. Spent more time with technical assistance than actually using it.	1	May 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO PAIR AS STEREO AND / OR WITH SUBWOOFER FOR BLUETOOTH DEVICES. IT ONLY WILL PLAY THROUGH ONE SPEAKER. UNLESS you only want to listen to Amazon music	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	After a year in use product died! I was very happy with the product until I was not!	1	September 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Don't believe these high ratings. This device is just as deaf as the last ones were. Waste of money.	1	September 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The only way I got this to work on my mobile was by creating brand new amazon accounts - still not got it to work on my mac.  And cannot get it to play 3D.  I'm actually technically savvy and have installed many devices before - this has to be the worst ever	1	January 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	These sounded good when we first purchased them. However Amazon did something to them and they sound like absolute garbage now. They have zero bass and they sound like tinny garbage. Save you money and buy 2nd or 3rd generation echos they sound a 100 times better for far less money.	1	March 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This is garbage. I couldn’t get device connected to xfinity. What a waste of time and energy. Don’t bother calling for support, there won’t be any. This is my fist negative review. Hopefully it will be my last.	1	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Well when it actually works and stays connected it’s great but we can’t even get through one entire show before the speakers disconnect. It’s very difficult and frustrating that we are unable to get through a 30 minute show!	1	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Bought in early 2022, and have gone through a lot, but the pair WILL NOT BALANCE, AND THERE IS NO BALANCE SETTING.Have reset and re-paired at least 10 to 20 times in various physical conditions.All I've received is the old Two-Hand Shrug from Amazon Support.Only solution is to turn the louder speaker 45 degrees off the proper orientation to attenuate against room interior.  Had to buy a set of small turntables from Amazon to make this work, too.Not having a Balance feature is utterly AMATEUR for speaker pretending to be 'studio', especially as you can just hook up another amp or using an exterior balance with a normal speaker, but not this set.So disappointing when compared to my smaller, MUCH CHEAPER Echo 4th Gen pair.Will save my money for speaker actually designed by audio firms from now on.	3	October 3, 2022	1
Echo Studio	It's really sucksPain in the ass to get it to work with TV and play music with multiple speakers.	1	August 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	El equipo que me mandaron le faltaba el cable y golpeado ,la caja estaba con doc tape cómo si se hubiera abierto la misma , sin una caja de Amazon por fuera y no llegó en la fecha acordado. Llame al costumer service y no me respondieron	1	July 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	With Echo studio I was unable to activate any devices (mostly lights) programed on my Echo Plus & Dot. When I went back to Plus & Dot. I was able to activate the devices again.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Very poor sound quality, especially at low volume. Crackling and popping.	1	November 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I read the reviews, watched some more and bought a pair...nope, nope, nope.  They may sound good for smart speakers, but.... yea no, sent them back.	1	April 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Constantly discounts from WiFi	2	November 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought several Alexa devices and they will not effectively integrate with Spotify. I can get them to work sporadically, but almost always when I try to play the music on a speaker group (so it's in my whole house) they will simply go silent.	1	August 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I loved this product for the first couple weeks I had it. Now I can’t keep it connected to my fire cube. Reset everything so many times and it just seems to be bipolar. I am returning	1	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Want my Bose speaker to be included in Everywhere.	2	July 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I loved my early echo-where I pushed a button to communicate. I was hoping to upgrade my whole house to this-but the new speakers turn red if you don’t want them listening. I returned them all. So sad!	1	November 1, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Doesn't sound any different than my echo show	2	August 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It doesn’t hear my voice very well the music you play sounds great just voice recognition is not the greatest and the price is a steep	1	April 24, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I have many Alexas, Echos Echo Plus's and a Sub-woofer.I was expecting better from the Echo Studio, as I mentioned not the bass I was expecting, very disappointed.	1	February 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I purchased a 4K fire TV stick and an Amazon echo studio, looking to play the audio through the studio from fire tv. It hasn’t worked since day one and tech-support still has not provided a real solution. The unit sounds fine but can’t use it the way I intended.	1	January 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This product has WiFi connection defects	2	August 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought the echo studio hoping for a soundbar equivalent speaker, but it's really just the same as an echo with some bass added. I would go for a similar priced soundbar with dolby atmos. If you need the alexa functionality, look at adding the echo input adapter.	1	December 4, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I had the echo and the echo studio and thought the regular echo was every bit as good as the studio at half the price. The studio has been returned.	1	February 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I thought the sound quality is great when it works. It has trouble staying online and responding. I have reset up this thing 10 times in the past month. Not worth the money. Considering returning it.	1	November 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Voice response seemed worse than my Echo Show v2. The music sounded pretty good when it worked, but it was pretty glitchy with Spotify interaction.  Finally, it emitted a buzzing sound along with any voice responses. That was the deal-breaker and it got boxed back up and returned.	1	November 12, 2019	0
Echo Studio	This speaker used to work but now it does not play. It recognizes the command, but no music is played. I tried rebooting it and reinstalling the app but it still does not work.	1	November 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	3.5mm port not supported but clearly I can see it. can anyone tell me why you can't stereo pair using this port? Need a workaround or firmware update.	1	January 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	For the money, sound quality just no there	1	October 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Very muddy sound, people’s standards must low!!!	1	November 4, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This puppy was just not ready for prim-time, Amazon. It doesn't even understand a different Alexa.	2	January 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Absolutely the worst sound of any echo I’ve had. The pairing was horrible and the bass is non existent. Don’t waist your time or money	1	March 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This unit appears to be defective and the attempt to get a replacement is VERY cumbersome. After a lot of time on chat, no option but other than to return.	1	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Had two of these and both stopped working in a week or less.  I have just about every other Echo device and never had issues like this.	1	January 8, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I didnt care for iti found the audio to be poornotifications annoyingsetup as more difficult than it should bevoice recognition did not live up to the modern expectations	1	November 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I didn’t accept this from Amazon echo studio.And it scared the sit out of my little one when the sound starts to warble.till the time you don’t say Alexa stop.cannot connect iPhone with Bluetooth setting .I put the video of the sound ."	1	November 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Does not pair anymore. I used it for 4 months. Restart does not help.	1	July 18, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I had the speaker for less then a year and it sounds like the speaker is blown what a wast of money!	1	March 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Cuando lo probé al comprarlo me enamore del sonido pero acá no lo siento igual	1	July 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 The bass has never worked"	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Really believe the unit is too large/ not a significant upgrade in sound - and inconsistent in voice recognition- very disappointed	1	March 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Loses connection constantly, volume doesn't work through the remote, sound is very choppy and inconsistent. Virtually worthless	1	May 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Doesnt respond well.  Doesnt work well with firecube tv.  Sound quality is not very good.  idea is good but it's just not ready for prime time.	1	November 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	BUYER BEWARE: There is no way to switch between streaming/Bluetooth audio and the optical input. Amazon has confirmed this design defect with me.	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Great sound but does not get as loud as I was hoping.	2	January 22, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It never worked quite right ...	1	September 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I will have to return product.  Cannot get it connected to TV’s. They are both Samsung’s.  Anyone else know secretTo connect?...	1	January 14, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Disconnect and bugs out constantly despite all efforts, overpriced junk	1	August 5, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Constant crashing is just unacceptable. Voice recognition is the worst, plan to use your phone or tablet.	1	April 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I wanted to love this.  I tried setting it up as a speaker for my tv.  Voice command is glitchy.  Very frustrating.	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	In the beginning the sound was unbelievable! after a year the bass speaker is blown with a raddling sound. 199.00 thrown in the garbage.	1	January 10, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I bought the Echo Studio to link with my Firestick 4K.  I tried for hours to link the two and it never HAPPENED.  So I returned it.  Don't buy it.	1	August 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Both WiFi and Bluetooth options have incredible amounts of audio skipping.	1	May 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	When asked the name of the song playing the response is that there is no song playing	1	March 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I upgraded because I understood the sound is much better that the Echo Plus, but it sounds exactly the same a low volume (at it is very, very big).  I regret the purchase.	1	June 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Voice recognition is spotty. Speaker sound is really good though	2	January 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have tried to get someone to help me but the studio keeps stopping and nothing to do about it	1	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Superb sound for the size.	1	August 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The sound is good when it actually stays connected.  Bluetooth constantly being dropped.  Goes offline all the time.	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The speaker cuts out and stops working	2	February 18, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Unreliable. Worked well for a bit, now it doesn’t respond well to voice commands unless they’re shouted. Absolutely regret purchasing it. Do not recommend.	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Unit would constantly play music with no prompt. Unacceptable. Returned when amazon couldn't resolve issue in a week. Bad experience.	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Listen to music	1	September 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Don't waste your money the Dolby Atmos never works and it disconnects all the time we have to reset the whole thing over don't waste your money please don't waste your money	1	June 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I purchased this speaker in May and now 5 months later, the speaker is going out making crackling sounds instead of music. I’m so disappointed	1	November 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Don't buy it .  I  have returned one, and have issue s with a second one in six months. You will regret it . Bad  product.	1	August 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I expected more “studio” sound.  Base is weak.	2	January 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Came with a light bulb that doesn't work.  It's so frustrating.  They send a free light bulb that requires you to purchase a bridge for.  What a scam.	1	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Can’t pair to other speakers for surround sound.	1	June 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Was not impressed, returned both.	1	June 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	sound quality was disappointing.	2	March 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It’s ok sound quality could be better	2	January 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Terrible product. After much contact with amazon to trouble shoot why the sound constantly skips I am returning it. Not worth the sound and comparability  issues.	1	September 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound doesn’t sound good. The bass sucks	2	January 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Tried to connect with Fire cube and my TV. After 4 hours we gave up. The problem was related to my cable service. Returned products.	1	September 12, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality was awful.  Sent it back.	1	May 12, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Do not buy. These are complete garbage. Not a day goes by that I don't have a problem with these.	1	November 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Should be bluetooth.... who would want to spend 150 to 200 dollars on something you can't take with you... if anythimg lower the price	1	September 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Spent an afternoon with a lovely tech support person trying to trouble shoot several bugs. We resolved them all. Then the next day they all came back.	1	July 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I have set up my Home Theater with 2 Studios and 1 Sub. All good; however, if I connect using a VPN (Fire Cube 2nd), there is no sound whatsoever.	1	November 17, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Bought this on prime day - Oct 13th and it shows delivery on December 24 to December 29!  Insane.	1	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	DONT BUY THIS. Is incredible that you can not use spotify in Colombia with any Alexa device. You can do this (spotify) with any google, sonos or bose device.	1	December 25, 2019	0
Echo Studio	After two weeks the bass went out.... Reset did not fix the speaker.... Good sound for two weeks though.... Device not completely ready for total voice control....	1	February 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound good but you have to paid for 3d music to enjoy the features and for that price no thanks mine echo plus sounds just as good.	1	February 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It was great until the bass and midrange completely disappeared. The equalizer doesn’t make any difference. Restarting and resetting to factory specs didn’t work.	1	August 21, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Expected a better sound quality with the amount of money paid.	1	February 17, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"One unit never responds to voice music playback request, while the other responds about 60% of the time.  Not very smart ""smart speakers""!"	1	July 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not worth the money the echo 3rd generation is good all by it self the sub was just  ok not worth the money either.	1	June 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Just stop playing	1	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not loud at all for the extra 100 dollars. Sounds like garbage. Horrible pairing with fire tv. Sound is incredibly delayed.	1	July 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Overpriced, bulky, no volume, sounds Ok, not good,	1	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	It's made by Amazon	1	April 22, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Will not connect. Customer service is not helpful continues to transfer me without ever solving my problem.	1	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Lousy sound for the money. Probably Returning thanks for the reminder. It just sits on the shelf.	1	October 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Actually can't get it to work sending it back	1	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Only lasted three days and died. This thing  screwed up my tv and had two reset everything.	1	August 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It's still stupid	1	April 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sub woofer isn’t any good!	1	March 31, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sounds low need to have more than two if you expect it to be loud. Does not connect to other Echo/Alexa devices	1	March 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I got this Echo in January it worked fine but know I’m having problems with it every time.	1	September 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I did not get a power cord for my speaker and it looks used ...thanks alot	1	September 6, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought 4 of them and it has been a nightmare.  I am sorry I bought them.	1	September 13, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I Can't Listen to my echo studio because the power cord was not included and AMAZON WON'T SEND ME A CORD.	1	November 13, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Only sounded good if you buy the HD subscription for $14/month....not worth it.	1	November 17, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The Alexa commands are spotty and the sound quality sometimes has static.	1	November 19, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Did not work good at allCustomer support was awesome and should be sending another one	1	August 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	You need to scream over top of music playing for Alexa to hear you!	1	August 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This item worked briefly but has quit working entirely.	1	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Cuando el volumen de la musica esta alto no reconoce los comandos de voz	1	October 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I so wanted to love this Echo Studio. I was thrilled to get a great deal on my Redcard and couldn't wait for it to get here. Then it arrived and it is humungous. No way it was going to be an inconspicuous piece of decor in my living room like my current Echo. I set it up, just to see if I could get past the size and learn to live with it sticking out like a sore thumb. The sound was good, but not great. I figured the unimpressive improvement on sound didn't warrant putting up with the size, so back it went. Sadly, because as I said, I really wanted to love it!	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Can't get it sync with tv.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality is not that great. I’m starting to think it’s defective.	1	September 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	This was not worth purchasing.  It was difficult to connect and did not work consistently.	1	March 4, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It's a terrible product. Barely works in the best of times	1	October 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Pure crap waste if money	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Nothing special	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Only works well %65 of the time.....	1	October 30, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound quality is not much better than a regular echo. It’s definitely not worth the price.	1	December 22, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Frequently disconnects from fire tv. Can’t use it at all	1	September 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	First one didn’t work properly. Subwoofer would cut out. Hopefully the replacement holds up	1	February 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not as good as the thin tall Echo.	1	November 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	We liked it when it worked but now it doesn't work. I don't know how to get support.	1	December 5, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Not sure why, but my small Echo and Echo show have better sound	1	February 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sound skips when used as a home theater with fire cube	1	July 5, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Was louder in the store. Got it home seemed weaker.	1	February 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Has to be reset constantly for it to work.	1	February 10, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It doesn’t work for us outside	1	July 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	What loop and barely play music	1	September 15, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Doesn't sound any better than the echo speaker.	1	February 29, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Para regalo	1	October 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Will not pair with anything	1	April 20, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Have a hard time using the voice Conan	1	December 10, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I’m having trouble	1	February 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I Bought a home theater set on Amazon recently. The setup was a bit wonky, but I managed to get it working without too much trouble. It worked great...until it didn't. The next day, I noticed that music would not stream. It didn't matter what I did, music streaming wouldn't work. I deleted the group, and set it up again...nothing. 6 hours later, everything magically worked again. The next day, it stopped working again. There's lots of troubleshooting sites for these issues...but isn't that Amazon's job? To code software that works?That's the definition of a bad product. If I bought a printer, I have to expect it'll print more than 50% of the time, otherwise I'm going to return it and buy something that works. I usually like Amazon products, but this is complete garbage.  I'll give it 2 stars because it seems to work fine as a speaker set for audio streaming.If you're in the market for a home cinema, don't buy this. Buy a sound bar system with a wired plugin. When it comes to sound, the more analog, the better. Stereo technology has been around for 60 years. I got a Nest speaker and a Chromecast. I can play music seamlessly on either the speaker or my home cinema by a simple voice command.	2	October 5, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Poor quality	1	December 13, 2019	0
Echo Studio	Mediocre	1	January 2, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Why would this need fire stick?Trying to get away from old technology like Roku fitestik cableApple TVI use apple productsGot powerful Wi-Fi from XfinityCast from phone everythingOn my new SamsungEven old tcl Roku tv allows itFor sound and pairing I know better options will comeI regret giving business to Roku fire stick etcThey have no customer support and no live personSo trying to pick better choices and don’t want to be told I can go online	2	September 26, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Could not get this to work with my other speakers in the house and you know who I can’t say now because she’ll be yelling. Yes can I help you? But you have to buy two of these to get stereo out of instead of using your existing, which is quite odd and I’m not spending $400 for speakers so in my opinion unless you’re rich and can afford two of these don’t buy them.	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The bass is “meh” and the setup process is a hassle. It took me over 2 hours to set this thing up since I had to wait for it to finish setting up and all that stuff.	2	July 7, 2022	0
Echo Studio	Warning if using this device as a home theater!If you try to use this as home theater on any normal tv without a fire stick or fire cube, the sound will be so far out of sync that people speaking on the screen will look like you are watching a dubbed version of the show. Also, if you pair this with the echo sun, the sun won’t even work unless you are getting your audio from an Amazon decice. You can fix the out issue sync sound by using an optical connection to your tv, but then you can’t control the volume from your tv remote and your sub still won’t work. I don’t know what Amazon is thinking releasing a product like this.	1	June 17, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The sound quality was great, I had it for about 3 weeks and all of the sudden, the subwoofer (speaker facing down) stopped working. I tried unplugging it for 5 minutes, resetting the setup but nothing I tried brought it back. I had no choice but to return it. I am not sure if I will be getting another one...	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"We bought an Echo Studio and a couple of Echo Dots at an Amazon 4-Star store. I'd done a bunch of research and given that some reviews suggested that not all of Alexa's features were available on other brands' devices like Sonos and Bose, I opted for the Echo Studio. I wanted a higher end speaker in one of our living areas.After setting it up and also setting up the kids' ones up in their rooms along with profiles for them so Alexa recognizes them, we immediately ran into issues with the Studio. It wouldn't answer any requests from the kids, even basic things like ""Alexa what is the weather"" or time. Instead, it would tell them that the Echo Studio wasn't supported for kids. I searched online to see if I missed this in the Echo Studio description or for instructions on how to allow my kids to use it, but there seemed to be no product disclosures and no discussions on any sites about this issue.I got on chat support with Tier 1 Amazon customer service and they didn't know why Alexa was telling us that this device wasn't supported for kids. They got me to do a number of troubleshooting steps, but nothing helped. Eventually they gave up and raised a ticket to the next tier and told me they'd get back to me in three days.I heard back from customer service four days later and they simply told me that indeed the higher tier support confirmed that the Amazon Echo Studio is not supported for kids. I wrote back and asked why this doesn't seem to be documented anywhere and why tier one customer service doesn't seem to know this, but heard nothing back.We took the Echo Studio back to the store, sadly. The Amazon staff in the store were also surprised to hear that kids can't use it. That was news to them as well. Overall a big disappointment and a big miss by Amazon."	1	April 10, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I don't like the fact that I'm a prime member and yet still have to pay retail price for your own products.Best buy is the retailer in photo	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo Studio	The sound quality is great, the speaker is huge compared to the previous model. The worst issue is Alexa will only play I heart radio for a short time and then she cuts it off. I’m very tech savvy and I’ve tried everything to fix the issue. Maybe Amazon doesn’t allow Alexa to play iheart radio because it’s competition. SO disappointing!  Iheart radio is my favorite thing and I used to use it all the time.	2	January 19, 2022	0
Echo Studio	"I started with a pair of Echo Studios and LOVED them -- since, I've connected 3 pairs, one with a sub, so I can play my subscription Amazon Music Unlimited throughout my home.  When it was working, it was heaven.  ""Alexa, play my 'Mellow Jazz Grove' mix 'Everywhere'"" (my speaker group containing all my Alexa audio devices), and music would fill my house.  Now, I get about 2 1/2 songs before it just cuts out... sometimes it turns on 5 minutes later, sometimes not.  When I use my Alexa app directly, I get a warning music is playing on other devices, and it chokes -- showing my last song still ""playing.""I have to unplug and reconnect each Echo speaker and try again.And I have a solid Internet / Wi-Fi connection throughout the rooms where they're playing.  Being over $1,000 invested into the solution and paying the monthly music fee just makes me sad.  Tech support is basically ""have you tried unplugging it and plugging it back in?"" (yes). ""Maybe it's your Wi-Fi?"" (it's not).Looks like I'll have to switch over to the SONOS.  Flushing money down the toilet.Again, when it's working, it's great..."	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo Studio	I would give this speaker 5 stars for sound and the Alexa function is useful, but I’m subtracting several million stars for the fact that the software now YELLS “connected to <device name>“ whenever I manually connect my phone. Alexa used to simply make a happy noise when I connected but now it shouts at me and there is NO way to change this inane “feature” in the settings.Because of this (and the obnoxious “did you know” feature) we are getting ready to ditch all Alexa devices in favor of a competitor, despite having bought probably every speaker in the range at some point.Very disppointed in you, Amazon!	2	December 19, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I've had it over a month now so k felt like this would be a good honest Review.I purchased one at first and then another and then the echo sub, the sound is amazing. Highly recommend, but there are 2 flaws, one major with this set up.1. Linking all the studios and sub to the tv was a pain. Chat support didn't really know what to do, I finally decided to call and talk to someone, he had me working in 5 mins.2. And this is a major flaw for me. This system only works with fire TV. Not the Blu Ray, Xbox, ect. You can hook up opt to aux cable directly but you will have to unplug each time you want the fire TV/Xbox.  Also you won't be able to have the sub.If this system worked with what ever was on the tv, then this would be my recommendation for everyone. Hopefully that will come later.	3	December 25, 2019	1
Echo Studio	Didn't sound any better than the Echo 4th generation, and would not connect to Echo sub. Big letdown.	1	February 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	On first listen the Echo Studio appeared to be awesome, but it was a new toy. After a week of listening I was becoming disappointed with it’s overall performance. The mids and highs seemed masked and trying to to get out but don’t quite make it. Push the volume and it does not improve the sound it actually seems to make it worse. I was in Costco and they had the Bose Home Speaker 450 on sale for $269, a tad more then the Echo Studio speaker but upon listening to the Bose at home for a week it was worth the extra cash. The Bose sound is clearer tighter and more pleasing imho. When you push the volume it does not disappoint; clear, clean. and pushs higher volumes much better than the Studio. The Echo Studio is well built, impressive upon first evaluation but listening time exposes its weaknesses.(The Echo Studio was purchased from Best Buy)	3	December 22, 2019	1
Echo Studio	I tried all the high end smart speakers - echo studio, bose and Apple home pod.If your most important criteria is sound quality, which mine was, then the apple home pod ranks #1. I ended up buying the home pod.The echo studio has good bass but the lows are not very good. But, of course if you want a balance of sound, alexa integration, the echo studio is good.	3	October 19, 2020	1
Echo Studio	I am disappointed that there is not the same choice of color as for the (normal) Echo right from the start. I am not buying the studio and then 2 months later there will be a light colored version, which I would prefere a lot.	3	November 20, 2019	1
Echo Studio	In my opinion, the sound is just okay.  It definitely isn't hi-fi quality. But that's okay if that's all you need.Also, I didn't discern a difference when streaming with Amazon Music 3-D quality.But, having said that, if you are looking for something better than the Dots and the other Echo devices I think you'll enjoy the Echo Studio. It's just not for me.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Why it says full review when even not one music is played to test the sound of the speaker? Should be at least played some different styles of music for customer ear the minimals of the product, this review speaks to much and not a sound test!	3	October 31, 2020	1
Echo Studio	It isn't worth upgrading from a plus, but if buying a first product it is good.  I have 8 echo devices plus 4 firesticks, and given I'd want two studios to pair with my living room firestick, I can't rationalize spending $400 and not getting a break in cost for upgrading.Maybe if they give some sort of deal for buying 2, otherwise, may be going Sonos.	3	December 28, 2019	1
Echo Studio	"This thing is the reason that Amazon Music HD doesn't play back Atmos or 3D audio on any other device. I refuse to buy Amazon's hardware for this, and not only that, it makes me LESS likely to buy Amazon services and products.I DO NOT want Alexa. Nor do I want these low quality speakers. I have a receiver with a built in streamer that supports atmos. I have a nVidia Shield TV Pro that supports Atmos. I have a full 7.1 or 5.1.2 speaker setup (switchable on my receiver) with pretty nice Elac speakers and an SVS subwoofer, and my front speakers are powered by a pretty nice Adcom amp that was designed by Nelson Pass.This winter alone I've spent a couple thousand dollars on upgrading my system for multichannel and surround music. I have a plex server where I host my own music and have been trying out multiple streaming services: Tidal, Qobuz, Amazon.I don't like Tidal because of MQA. Read up on it, but it's basically a form of DRM with lossy compression masquerading as a hi-res ""lossless"" format that somehow is DRM free, except you have to have a DAC or software with license for playback and it's a whole shit-show. But Atmos playback works on the Shield TV. Pretty great UI though, at least, comparatively.Qobuz: Hi-Res Flac support. Doesn't have an Android TV app but I can stream it to my receiver directly. No multichannel/3D/Atmos. Android app UI sucks.Amazon: Lossless Flac. 3D/Atmos support with proprietary hardware that spies on you. 3D and Atmos only work on a receiver if you also buy their streaming stick. So I have to buy two pieces of hardware that aren't even necessary, Amazon only requires this because they want to move hardware and get Alexa to spy on you at all times. App UI sucks but is slightly better than Qobuz. Slightly. Blatantly anti-competition and anti-consumer."	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I connected this device to my TV Bluetooth, and it actually connected. Funny, i had no sound though. Everything looked good as far as the connection, but i never heard sound. This was to replace my sound-bar. Did not work out for me. I had to return it. Very Disappointed.	2	October 25, 2021	0
Echo Studio	When it works it sounds great. However we unplug it most of the time when watching tv bc the Studio seems to only want to play occasionally so the audio goes in and out constantly while watching.	3	March 7, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This is the first product Amazon has made that we were incredibly disappointed with. We bought two expect an immersing sound experience. Little did we realize that it can't beat the sound of a vizio sound system that is almost 9 years old that we paid half as much for. I can't begin to explain the lack of bass these devices have even when paired. We have another vizio sound system we bought last year for 149.99 and it blows these giant echos out of the water. This was my birthday present from my wife and we are sending them back after 8 hours of having them. One of them hooked up immediately but the second one took over an hour to get it working and paired to the other one. We have 14 other echo products in our home and this is the first one we've ran into that kept disconnecting and going offline. Truly a disappointing experience. No bass, it lacks immersing sound and it was not worth the money unfortunately	1	August 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"Awful, frustrating experience. We have 8-10 Echos, and we tried to sync the Echo Studio with other echos, but it wouldn't take commands. Clever engineering though: Echo Studio somehow manages to understand nearly everything I say unless the words ""Spotify"" or ""Pandora"" are uttered, then it instantly loses comprehension of the English language. Even when those dirty words are uttered, the Echo Studio still tried to feed us Amazon music, with its annoying commercials. This is not a speaker as much as a perpetual pitch machine to draw prescribers to Amazon Music at the expense of their competitors. And the window for returns was just 30 days, now I'm stuck with it. I. WILL. NEVER. EVER. SUBSCRIBE. TO. AMAZON. MUSIC...a stance driven entirely by my experience with this device. Shame on you Amazon, you really jumped the shark this time."	1	April 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"I think the fact that amazon has overlooked a very large market here is astounding. People with high def systems what a simple alexa device with an optical out ""a la chromecast"" and for some unknown reason amazon has yet to deliver on a simple device that could net them millions. For people in this niche', we do not need external speakers only a way to direct the signal bit perfect to an outboard dac. Till they see that there is a large market share that does not want an allin on BT speaker I will stick with my casting.j"	1	November 27, 2019	0
Echo Studio	This product was not intended to be used as a sound system for the fire TV. Can't find a way to disconnect it. Volume control is synced between the fire TV and this speaker, but no audio. When it used to play audio, it would sync pretty good on Netflix, but couldn't stay synced when watching prime movies? The streaming service native to Amazon, yeah I know. Unfortunately I had to give it higher rating for sound quality, but in terms of a consumer level product, this is not very well thought out, quality control tested, or even finished.	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This is a pretty good looking device, but doesn’t work well, the base is out of control, Trimble the windows and tables and still there is not effective interaction with the setting to reduce this effect.This machine keeps saying I don’t know the answer, check your Alexa app.Probably in six months ore after some developments can became a great option to buy, no right now.	2	November 17, 2019	0
Echo Studio	My husband bought the studio and a sub as an upgrade to our existing Echo Plus. We had a good set up with 3 Dots, 6 plugs, and about 10 Sengled Zigbee light bulbs that worked exactly as we wanted. We expected that the Studio would do the same, just with better sound quality. However, none of the light bulbs will connect to the new studio and neither will the sub. We’ve tried everything, including fully resetting the bulbs and spending hours on the phone with customer support, but nothing has worked. To make matters worse, we tried putting everything back to how it was with the Echo Plus, and now the bulbs won’t connect to the old hub either. DO NOT buy the studio to upgrade your current system until the software is fixed! So frustrating!!!	1	January 7, 2020	0
Echo Studio	El equipo de manera frecuente presenta problemas de audio. Es decir, solo se escucha ruido debo apagarlo y encenderlo. No es lo que uno quiero de un equipo así.Agradezco quien me pueda orientar a solucionar esto.	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Alexa's voice was terrible.  It would start off OK but then would slow down and start to drag.  Tried the 3d audio. It didn't sound as good as my 2nd Gen Echo.  On some of the requested music the speaker had a loud buzz which made it un-listenable.  Took it back.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	For being a $200 sound product it lacks in sound quality for sure. Bose products now are Alexa compatible so I returned this Alexa studio for a Bose home speaker 600 for $250. Don’t waste your money on this speaker. 0/10 would recommend.	1	January 7, 2021	0
Echo Studio	“By the way, do you have a friend or loved one who would appreciate a special gift? I can help you place orders at Amazon.com” This can not be turned off.	1	April 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Total garbage for sound. I have a Bose Solo 5 that performs at least two times better than this and costs the same. At least during the holidays. Amazon needs to go back to the communist drawing board and build something better.	1	January 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Do not buy this device to replace an echo that is in the middle of a room. You will have to decide which direction to aim the tweeter. It is not omnidirectional like Apples HomePod which is a much much better design. I had to go back to an old echo which works better in the middle of my kitchen.	1	December 8, 2019	0
Echo Studio	If I could give it zero stars I would. This should come in white. Now I have to buy the Sonos One with Alexa integration in white, just to get a white speaker of similar sound quality.	1	October 28, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Sounds like a speaker dropped in mud. Way too much bass as well completely unbalanced. Don't understand all the glowing reviews. Maybe they just compared it to the Dot's quality.	1	January 17, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The unit had issues after 2 days and customer service was awful. Details are important and not even close to expectations.	1	October 27, 2020	0
Echo Studio	It would be great if they played my (uploaded) music but they stopped doing that.  If you want to listen to their crap it's above average.	1	January 30, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I was surprised at the low quality of the sound. I think my regular echo has better sound. It might work better if it was placed in the center of the room but that would mean an extension cord across the floor.	1	March 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	wanted to buy it but its not on sale and not on amazon untill nextyear so whey posting it when u dont have it  !!!!too big ,design ugly  ,black ,havy,sound not like a studio speakers...wast of money	1	December 20, 2019	0
Echo Studio	I received many invitations to provide Alexa Answers , to which, I responded.  As far as I know, I conformed to all the rules, yet, I have been permanently banned!  After many requests to find out why, they refuse to answer!	1	March 11, 2020	0
Echo Studio	The item won't power on.	1	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not exactly an issue with Echo itself but particular Alexa skills are an ongoing problem for me. I have several Alexa enabled devices that I used to be able to voice control but cannot anymore. It seems like maybe these device skills are updated by the manufacturer and it breaks the skill making voice control useless	3	June 27, 2020	1
Echo Studio	The bad - cannot play 3D without dropouts, cannot be hardwired, 3D audio isn't that great even when it works, a lot of money for the (low) level of quality, only a mono speakerThe good - streams Amazon music fairly seamlessly, setup relatively easy, does the job for casual listening	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	My device did not include the cloth cover	1	March 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	I wasn’t happy with the echo sub.  I have many Amazon devices and I’m happy with most of them.  This sub has a little weird to connect.  But after it was all connected I didn’t find a noticeable difference in the sound.  I played with it and adjust things and still nothing special.  For me it just wasn’t worth the the money.	2	June 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	it saddens me to write this i had a few problems with the echo studio. ok the biggest issue i was Unable to Connect via Ethernet for internet could do so with the cube but its not a option for studio.i much prefer a ethernet connection whenever possible, not because I'm some crazy conspiracy nut thinking Wi-Fi hurts you or anything like that lol. my reason would be because it is from what i understand it is far easier to track/hack and steal someone's info by Wi-Fi signal to do so by ethernet.Ok that being said another problem was i had a lot of audio lag and daily reconnection issues (that made me want to pull my hair out) and couldn't get dolby atmos to reliably work which is the main reasons i bought the studio. know i don't know if that is because of my setup (Fire TV Cube ,2016 Samsung UHD TV and Echo Studio). a possibility i considered was my tv being too old, which it's really not because i'm not about to go and buy a whole new one any time soon especially since they're soo expensive so sadly i had to return the cube and studio.not sure if Amazon Could use this as a solution for this or if it would work but maybe in the next models of either Fire TV or Studio they could have the option to connect a special adapter like the cubes ethernet adapter but along with that a HDMI splitter or something along those lines that would have the video go to the tv and the audio to the studio. then from the studio to other speakers but better way other than the unreliability of either Wi-Fi or Bluetooth.on a positive note once in a blue moon when it did work it sounded amazing and loved hearing that with movies and music Atmos really blew me away probably one of the best speaker I've ever heard. as for the cube it was convenient and enjoyed having everything in one place with fairly easy navigation. it to could sometimes lag a bit menus could flow a little smoother.i really hope amazon fixes these issues because if they did i would gladly rebuy it and hopefully sooner rather then later.So Amazon again: ETHERNET / NON WIRELESS DEVICE CONNECTIONS. Please.Well I'm no writer but hope my rambling made some sense and was helpful to someone at least a little bit lol. Thanks for reading  ✌🏽 🖖🏽SIGNATURE: shout out to promote a favorite band of mine check out Night Club just because they 🤘🏽	2	May 26, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"I bought this for my elderly parents, who are already hard of hearing. They want to talk to Alexa (ask questions about the weather, etc.) and listen to Sirius XM. The difference in volume between music on Sirius and Alexa's voice is massive! With the music at the proper volume, you can't hear what Alexa is saying at all. If you turn it up to hear her clearly, when she's done talking the music is blasting. (I feel this way too, and I'm not hard of hearing). It basically makes it useless unless you want to only do one or the other, or if they're listening to music they have to say ""Alexa, stop"", walk over, turn the volume way up, ask Alexa a question, turn the volume way down, then say ""Alexa, resume music."" People have been complaining about this for years and Amazon just says ""thanks for the feedback."""	1	April 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sounds great but if you want home theater and then you have to buy two. This does not hook up with two echo dots to create home theatre, disappointing since there is no echo sub anymore. Also you have to yell at Alexa to get a response, not what I want to do to listen to music. All around with echo I am dissatisfied. For the money invested its not worth it. The app is near pointless and very basic.	2	September 3, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Not that impressed	2	August 13, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Alexa Studio has been a blast to use these past weeks. Excellent bass and treble, and bumping that mid range up as well only makes the sound feel like im at a concert, pluging it in to my xbox made my zombies mode on black ops 3 sound like It was in front of me. If you are a home person like me and love to entertain yourself with eletronics then this is the one for you to enjoy your music and make your gaming or movie 10 times more  Immersive. 5 stars	3	October 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Great design and sound, but too many recurring connection & setup issues.  I will wait for the next generation.	2	September 14, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Amazon sent a replacement	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Studio	"I just received this and was super excited to get it in however it doesn't connect to the Alexa ""everywhere"" integration option nor does it listen to commands well. Super bummed as I was really excited to try this speaker but for the $200.00 price tag, it's being returned."	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Studio	But, I think it’s a little overpriced when considering the overall build quality, sound quality, and it works with Alexa just as well as any other Amazon device. I already had the sub and would’ve been disappointed if I hadn’t. Has a woofer. Not a subwoofer.	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Horrible speakers and Alexa doesn’t even pick up your voice most of the time. Have to be three feet away mostly. The old echos are much better and cheaper. Don’t buy these.	1	May 27, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Too expensive for what you get..	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Studio	Google Home is incredibly annoying, and I was excited to get away from it with Amazon's Echo Studio, which is backed by a company that usually delivers (no pun intended). Unfortunately, this product fails as a wireless speaker right out of the gate.1. It often drops connection, which stops playing music, then reconnects and music will show that it's playing but no sound is produced. Have to go through a plethora of steps to get the thing functioning again. Tested multiple devices, confirmed connection, etc.2. God forbid you Tap Alexa on the app to issue a command, because that volume is going sky-high. Not suitable for office environments when you have volume playing low in the background.3. It is just utterly inconvenient. This is 2022. The level of limitation on where you can and cannot play music from is inexcusable. I cannot cast from a desktop through Chrome. I imagine there are tons of limitations with Apple products as well. If I want to play from my computer, I cannot play through wifi, I have to go through the process of pairing this thing and obviously then forced to play through bluetooth, which is inferior to wifi.For $200, you can and should expect more from a company like Amazon. Trust me when I tell you that you are SO UNBELIEVABLY better off with TWO Google Nest Audio devices.	2	March 2, 2022	0
Echo Studio	When we talked to Amazon they originally blamed our internet (the connectivity was fine and we could see that though our app with the provider). My boyfriend decided to get a WiFi strengthening system and has the gaming system, TV, and home theater (now two) on that connection (he set it up so all other devices are on a nother sysem, we know it works because his console works even better now).Once we contacted Amazon to say it definitely wasn't the internet they said a second speaker was needed so we got another one and still have issues.Doesn't seem worth it and I wouldn't recommend it.We have a Fire TV 4k and restarts seem to fix the audo for a little while (maybe a day, if we are lucky 2).Over all my suggestion is get a sound system and just use a regular Alexa the home theater version isn't really work the work or hassle. Personally the lack of help and total denial from Amazon about product issues has left me distrustful of future products. I still love my fire sticks though (I got multiples since they are so handy, they work perfectly except when hooked up to the home theater system).	1	September 11, 2021	0
Echo Studio	"I was impressed at 1st, but have been without any sound system/speakers besides my aging Logitech 5.1 PC speakers. I gradually became frustraited by the inability to customize the sound to the music I was listening to. The basic ""Bass, Midrange, and Treble"" just dosen't cut it. Amazon needs to introduce a full sound equalizer on the next release. The bass was very good, the mids were meh, and the treble was very weak. Given this I have decided to return my Studio. I was at a big box store today and heard the Apple HomePod - despite being a bit smaller the sound was exponentially better."	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Studio	the quality of sound was good, but before you buy this product, please make sure of its weight and dimensions. it's so big, so you can't place it where ever you want.we have many difficulties with playing sound from AUX input, and finally, we couldn't connect it to another device by AUX cable.Also, the big issue with this product is you will be almost limited by the Amazon Music app, so you can not access many other platforms for playing music and songs, which was very disappointing for us.	1	May 21, 2021	0
Echo Studio	We've had to send speaker in once for repairs. Its been only a couple months and it's not working again. SUCKS!!!	2	July 13, 2021	0
Echo Studio	1. This Echo Studio is much stupider then the previous versions. The commands I used on the previous earlier versions just confuse it and it does nothing. I go to the rooms where my earlier version Echo's are and the same commands work seamlessly. An it is NOT just 2 or 3 commands its most of my daily stuff. An yes all the same skills are loaded and the setups are close as allowed on the newer Echo.2. The alert light ring is way below the top rim and you have to be almost on top of it to see anything....	2	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Studio	The package is over rated. You get very little out of the sub	2	October 23, 2022	0
Echo Studio	It's not intuitive to use as a music player. Spotify sometimes doesn't work. There are Bluetooth issues when connecting to a pc. Other than that, it's a solid piece of tech.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Studio	I like the sound.I miss the time and temperature that was on my echo show..This does not respond very well to my voice and even then I have to ask several times before it does what I ask 🥺😢🥴	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Product well constructed. Sound quality does not exceed that of latest generation Show. Not a bad deal for the money, but is not going to knock your socks off even with the Amazon HD subscription. I even tried it with the TV as a speaker. lips synced well with the optical cord sound was flat.	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Studio	After reading the reviews here and watching some reviews on YouTube, I decided it would be the perfect birthday gift for my wife. The speaker arrived today. We already have an echo dot, so the setup was REALLY easy. No complaints there. It found the network, logged itself in (must use the stored password for the ehco dot). It sounds nice, but it just isn't that impressive. I will compare it to our JBL Charge 3 - the JBL sounds much better, but it is not Alexa controlled, and is only bluetooth - no wifi connectivity. I will let my wife decide if we keep it or not - I bought it for her so she can listen to music and NPR in the kitchen. If she doesn't like it, it is going back. If it were up to me, I would send it back now and look at other options. Don't get me wrong, it doesn't sound bad, it just doesn't sound $200 good!	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Sent it back. It was pretty nice, but it still just sounds like a mono speaker, with bass :-|Not worth 200. Now if it was 2 of these for 100$, that would be worth it.	2	July 16, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I spent a lot of money on this item with the subwoofer. Amazon Echo Studio boasts being able to play music all over your home but it still has some glitches to fix for that advertisement. Over priced. Sound quality is average and subwoofer below average.	2	June 2, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The purpose of this is to have a speaker with amazing sound. If you care about that, you will need to get a subscription to Amazon Music HD ($13/month for Prime customers, $15/month for non-Prime customers). Yes, there is a free trial, but in other words, if you are not planning on getting an Amazon Music HD monthly subscription, it is probably not worth it to get the Amazon Studio. Your sound won't end up being much better than a standard Amazon Echo. Even then, with Amazon Music HD, the Echo Studio can't really go toe to toe with the Apple iHome -it's main competitor as far as sound quality goes. If you're house is already set up with Alexa and $13/month isn't a concern, then definitely get this along with the Echo Bass. Otherwise you can probably give it a pass. Just a heads up. You're better off getting a Bose equivalent or Apple iHome and streaming from your phone.	2	March 1, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Not high fidelity	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Great sound and Alexa integration. Only issue is when we use it as a home theater the lip sync gets off REALLY easy regardless of how many times we readjust it. This definitely needs a significant firmware update to get a 5	3	September 16, 2020	1
Echo Studio	This product has connectivity issues. My WiFi works great but every time I come home the studio doesn’t work and I have to always reconnect it.	1	July 26, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Does not get that loud.  Have to go to 3/4 strength to really enjoy it.  The first half of the volume barely does anything.  My neighbors little Bose speaker sounds better and gets louder	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Studio	"Such a horrible system, it can't be used as a bluetooth speaker without having extra loud announcement of ""NOW PLAYING FROM ****DEVICE****."	1	May 16, 2021	0
Echo Studio	This has been my biggest Echo device disappointment.  The Echo Studio works horribly when you pair it with a Fire Stick.  The sound constantly cuts out, every 30 seconds or so.I searched for a solution online only to discover its been a problem for roughly a year already.  How could Amazon *not* come up with a fix for this?Both the Studio and the Fire Stick are only 15 feet away from my router and the Fire Stick never had a problem before I paired it with the Studio.  I'm going to give it another week or so, but if it doesn't clear up I'll be returning it.	2	October 23, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I’m just not impressed. Sound is flat. Seldom answers a question properly. Some of the things I purchased to use with it won’t connect. I got talked into it being a gift for my birthday and I wish I hadn’t. Many other things I would have liked to use that much money for sadly	2	March 9, 2021	0
Echo Studio	As far as sound quality this is a great purchase. If I was using it just to steam music this is a great unit. My main complaint is the digital line in is terrible. When it works the sound is terrific, but it is constantly going in and out. Many times you have to turn your TV off to reboot the sound. I have read many complaints about this same issue and Amazon has yet to fix the problem. If you want a device to hook to your TV just get the 4th Gen enhanced sound Echo dot forget this unit until the problem is fixed otherwise it is just frustrating.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Studio	Alexa worked fine for years, I changed nothing and update broke it.  Waiting for weeks and no fix...	1	October 9, 2020	0
Echo Studio	Right now, it has a long lead time.  I ordered 12/26/21 and not coming until 2/15/22 earliest.Regarding voice recognition, it forgets me (only user)Regarding Alexa integration, it sometimes forgets there are other Alexa products in the house.Sound quality: better than its replacement (Alexa Echo, 2nd generation).	3	January 5, 2022	1
Echo Studio	Speaker issues when connecting to fire stick. It cuts in and out at random.	1	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Studio	Sound	1	March 6, 2021	0
Echo Studio	The music always stop after 5 or 6 songs.	2	March 24, 2020	0
Echo Studio	I bought this hoping for clear sound, but its a very muffled sound. I might have to return the item.	3	November 23, 2020	1
