variation	verified_reviews	rating	date	feedback
Echo Dot	I got this during prime days and regret it,  first I had gotten the one that was supposed to come with the color change bulb and I don't know what happened but ended up with just this and had to purchase the bulb separately which I do absolutely love the way it integrates,  whenever anyone walks into the room it will automatically turn on,  gotta love technology! However this Alexa doesn't seem to be as good as my older dot. I don't know why but it doesn't seem to recognize requested music,  and I have amazon music, the names of songs or my Playlist anywhere near as well as the DOT and often when I ask it to play something or for info it will act like it is going to do it but then just doesn't I'm not sure if it is faulty or possessed or has attitude issues but I definitely wish I had just purchased another dot instead of thinking that they must be the same with different shapes.  Slap me silly because that was a moment of crazy thinking on my part.  But unfortunately I am lazy and hate returning stuff so I'm stuck with it and it's insidious plot to drive me slowly insane.  Oh, woe is me.... conclusion is just buy the dot sometimes thinking something is an upgrade isn't true or perhaps the real moral here is just because it is a more recent version of a solid product definitely does not make it better	3	November 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"This new 4th Gen Echo Dot brings a new spherical shape to the Echo Dot lineup.  It is about the same width as the previous Echo 3rd Gen, but since it is a ball now it is obviously a little taller.  The blue light is now on the bottom.  Here are my thought so far:THE GOOD- Bottom ring light.  The new blue light on the bottom actually illuminates the surface that the Dot is sitting on.  This actually makes the light considerably more noticeable, especially if sitting on a semi-reflective surface.- Slightly better sound.  The actual speaker hardware is the same as the 3rd Gen Dot, but this one sounds slightly better to my ear.  This could be because the speaker is pointed toward the front, instead of pointing straight up like it was in the previous model.THE BAD- Aesthetics.  This is personal opinion of course, but I think I prefer the smaller, less noticeable ""hockey puck"" shape of the previous models.  This one is closer to a softball, and stands out much more.  Sure it might be better for creating sound, but I don't use Dots for music listening anyway.  If I wanted to do that I would use a regular Echo or Echo Studio, which of course sound much better than this Dot.  The whole point of the Dot for me was to use it in locations where I wanted a small device that doesn't take up much space.- Price.  The old Gen 3 Dot is now $10 cheaper than this version, and it is really hard for me to justify choosing this Gen 4.  It really seems like you are just paying for the new shape and very slightly better sound, but that doesn't currently seem worth it to me.  There just aren't enough improvements from what I've seen so far.All in all, this new Gen 4 Dot might be worth it for you if you really dig the ball shape and bottom ring light, but otherwise I'd have to recommend sticking with the Gen 3 for $10 less."	3	October 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"I hate this product, but at the same time could not find anything to replace it.I didn't want Alexa in the first place, but thought at a 50% discount, Echo Dot would make a decent Bluetooth speaker.Well, the product has such a terrible flaw that I could not bear using it, despite its quite good sound quality.UNRELIABLE CONNECTIONSIt drops the connection frequently! Multiple times it threw me into a frenzy during an online meeting because the computer did not have sound!  I know how to quickly switch audio sources. But problem is that the speaker would just disappear while the computer is on. It would drop connection altogether. The only thing I could do is to restart the computer. Although it fixes the problem usually, it creates a terrible amount of stress when you are in an important meeting. And I know the problem is caused by Echo because the computer has never had any audio problems.Just one incidents like that makes you wish that you had never bought this thing, but had instead invested on a straight USB or Bluetooth speaker.UNBEARABLE ALEXADespite its having Bluetooth, it cannot be simply set up as a Bluetooth speaker, as it requires Wi-Fi based connection and set up.  Merely connecting as a Bluetooth speaker will not work, and the speaker will be forever stuck in the setup mode, waiting for the Wi-Fi-based set up in order to have Alexa. Therefore, you can't use Echo without Alexa.Also, because Echo must be first connected with the home network through the Wi-Fi, it is not easy to do the initial set up, far trickier than the ordinary USB speaker or straight Bluetooth speaker. I had to look at the instructions in order to do it.And I'll tell you how Alexa makes Echo even harder to live with.I knew I didn't want Alexa from the very beginning, so the first thing I did was to try to mute everything that could be muted or silenced. But still, every time when it connects to the computer, it makes that pretentious, almost obnoxious announcement. Sometimes it even makes a loud announcement with no reason except to startle you.  It happens frequently in occasions when you absolutely don't expect that thing to make a sudden loud noise to interrupt, or even to startle everyone nearby.And this is when the speaker is switched to ""silent"" mode in the settings!A speaker just needs be a speaker when needed and shot up when it is not!  All the ""tech"" pretensions are nothing but annoyance.Overall, even if it didn't do that obnoxious loud noise, the existence of Alexa does not only add any value, but in fact makes it creepy and uncomfortable to use.  Even though I really don't mind the privacy issue (I'm not sure if that really is an issue), I still find it very annoying for all unwanted noisy announcements the speaker makes.POOR USER INTERFACEAnother thing I don't like is the control buttons.  It is an awkward superficial gimmicky design. To turn the volume down or up, you have to press the soft button numerous times with all the incessant peeps when your click. Old-fashioned mechanical volume slider control would do it silently and elegantly within a second. What Amazon has is foolish gimmicky consumerism design with no consideration of actual utility. This is typical sacrificing the utility for vanity (actually worse than that, because it does not even have a good appearance).THE LACK OF OTHER COMMON FEATURESAlso Echo doesn't have backup battery and USB-C charging, making it inferior to USB Bluetooth speakers there have such features.  Just mentioning. I didn't even consider it a big problem.BUTBut this thing actually sounds very good.In fact, because the Echo's sound quality is so good, it's not easy to find a replacement.  I thought a dedicated Bluetooth speaker at a comparable price would outperform Echo Dot, so I tried Anker Soundcore Mini 3 which has very good reviews, but was shocked by how poor Anker's sound quality is compared to Echo Dot.  The sound of Echo Dot is solid, clear and natural. Anker is hollow, distorted and unnaturalI went back to Echo, but I still hate it, and will continue to look for a replacement.  As it already passed the return period, the only thing I could do is to throw it away when I find a good substitute.  What a pity, because the quality of its sound is really quite good.UPDATE:Bought a JBL Clip 3 intending to replace Echo Dot with it.  What a mistake!  JBL isunusable for a simple reason:  it never maintains a connection with a Windows 10 PC, which is what I intend to use it with. Every 10 minutes, it automatically turns off. That's OK, if it can manage to reconnect automatically next time when it is used. But it cannot. Every time after it has automatically turned off, it will require a manual re-connection. And it is not just a one-click kind of reconnection. It's a multistep reconnection very much like the initial pairing.  Completely unusable.I didn't try it with a mobile device, so I don't know about if it will automatically reconnect there. But with Windows 10 PC, forget it.In addition, it shares the same gimmicky and inconvenient volume control. I guess that's where the world has gone.To the credit of JBL, it does have comparable sound quality. And it has a 10-hour battery, meaning it is truly wireless in regular operation (in contrast, Echo has to be constantly powered, therefore even though it's Bluetooth, it always has an AC adapter connected, making it much messier). JBL is also much smaller, which is a good thing considering that the sound quality is about the same (because usually it is harder to make a smaller speak to sound good - basic acoustics).  But all these benefits don't matter when it could not maintain a connection.But the bottom line is that I'm still stuck with Alexa."	1	November 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"This is a review of the entire Alexa/Echo smart home, not just the dot.  If you're thinking about turning your home into a smart home with right bulbs, plugs, echos, etc, read this first. As I write this, I'm stuck in a setup loop on one echo that I had to unplug/plug back in to resolve a whole house issue. Despite restarting/hard reseting/etc it won't come back and connect anymore. Probably going to have to return it.I had a little experience with the Alexa echo system and was impressed, though I admit I would selectively ignore times people would try demoing something for me and it didn't work for them. After purchasing my home I decided to make the entire home a smart home. Replaced every bulb with a smart bulb, added an echo Show to the kitchen, and at least one Echo to every room, while some rooms have a stereo pair of echos with the subwoofer.General Complaints:What is promises is tantalizing. The idea that you can control your entire house on a schedule or with the command of your voice is an attractive, convenient, alluring proposition. The problem is that the system is not stable enough yet. The idea is there, the technology is still too far behind however.  When you're talking about a whole smart home, one thing that is a must is that it needs to work 100% of the time. That's rarely the case. I so often find myself having to reset this or that echo, or the router, or renewing DHCP leases on them, or turning the lights off and on 3 times reset the smart bulbs. Power outage for 5 seconds due to a storm? Oh you can bet your butt you're going to be resetting a lot of crap afterwards.The Alexa App:Unfortunately I have nothing good to say about the Alexa app. It's sluggish, buggy, and high unstable. It's an awful app to try managing your smart home from.Automation:The automation aspect is great. When it works. Problem is inconsistency. I have a routine that runs every morning to wake me up that involves lights turning on and a spotify playlist launching. About half the time the playlist doesn't launch. No error, no reason. Just no music. Thank God I get up anyways.Audio:I'm a musician and audiophile and can say I was pretty impressed by the sound quality, especially when you run a stereo pair w/ subwoofer setup. There's plenty of volume, and the Echos will act like tweeters while your sub does the heavy bottom lifting. Once again however, that impressive quality is mired in a high level of instability. With no changes on my side, whole house audio will often not work. And it doesnt work in weird ways. For example, it'll only play on the upstairs subwoofer so it sounds like you're hearing the bass from music the neighbor is playing on their home stereo. Other times it will play on the whole house but you'll hear a radio static sort of noise before it shuts off and stops playing.With automation you cant' ""fade up"" the volume in a nice gradual manner like you can do with lights. It can only be stepped up in increments of 1 (from 1 -10) so when you have volume automation there is a noticeable and often times ""jarring"" shift in volume from one volume level to the next.Other complaints:Despite naming each of my Echos something different to avoid ""cross-talk"" oftentimes I'll still be frustrated by the fact that you'll say ""echo"" in one room and somehow the one you're standing 2 feet from won't hear you, but the one 25 feet away, upstairs, in another room will hear you and respond instead.TL:DR Great idea, great promise, but the system is way too inconsistent and unstable to bring any real level of convenience into your life. The whole thing has become nothing more than a constant point of frustration that I'd rather just uninstall and wait another 5-10 years until things have improved."	2	June 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Compared to the 3rd gen, this thing gets me on my nerves, I have to repeat myself 3-4 times cause it understands something different or just ignores you.Sound quality is about the same. Do not upgrade to 4th gen, there is no need.The only cool extra thing on the 4th gen is the ultrasonic sensor, which can be used as a motion detector for your smart home. But unfortunately the sensor on mine seems to be defective (lame).I bought the white version with Clock on it at the same time, the speaker never connected to my WiFi, not even with Customer Service. I asked for a replacement and they did no want to, they preferred giving me my money back, it was the first time I was disappointed at Amazon’s Customer Service.	3	October 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"𝙑𝙤𝙞𝙘𝙚 𝙖𝙘𝙩𝙞𝙫𝙖𝙩𝙞𝙤𝙣: it's randomly helpful but not advanced or a life saver. At random times when I say the wake word at the same volume and distance(sometimes with my mouth just 5 inches away) that activates it, it doesn't work. Very unpredictable and kind of unreliable. Very very annoying at times when I say or ask such simple short things and have to repeat over and over like 4 or 5 times. Sometimes I say its wake word(at the same volume) inches away and other times a yard or two away and it works, at other times it does not. Very very random. Don't relie on it to quickly say tasks or questions as you multitask and expect it to get it each time. Won't work will and will leave you getting distracted by it and repeating yourself. You have to be concentrated and expect it to not work.𝙁𝙡𝙚𝙭𝙞𝙗𝙞𝙡𝙞𝙩𝙮: helpful with academic questions(asking it things from 4 plus 4 and log5 minus 2, ""what's a tadpole"", etc.). It's basically a simple version of Google search in that. I have a Yahoo mail account and cannot link it because it only accepts Microsoft and Gmail and something else. On my Google calendar I have my birthday and mom's birthday on there, yet when I ask it "" when's my birthday?"" ""When's my mom's/her first name birthday?"" it says it can't tell me because it's not on my calendar. 𝘌𝘷𝘦𝘯 after I say ""my birthday is (month/day), mark it on my calendar,"" and it confirms it like ""I've set it on your calendar"" it still can't tell me my birthday when I ask. Just jokingly says  over and over again ""hmm.. Not sure. But I'm guessing it's in the next 365 days.""• When you say ""alexa, play ____,"" it plays it on Amazon Music by default. You have to either change the originally listed default music streamer on the app(iHeart Radio and Amazon Music and something else are on the list). You can log in to your Spotify through the Alexa app. If Spotify isn't your default though, you have to say ""play ___ on Spotify"" each time. It saysssss on the app that if I set Spotify as my default on the podcast/music options, I do not have to say ""... on Spotify"" ever again. Yet I do. Every time. Or else it goes to Amazon Music. Every time. Very annoying.𝘼𝙡𝙚𝙭𝙖 𝙖𝙥𝙥: it helps in general but not in-depth so much. You already read about my Spotify glitch from it. And the email restrictions it has. The alarm presets you can download for free and at a price are not all the same in quality in showcasing. The Jurassic Park one says it has I think 4 random selections, yet while previewing it I just hear a dinosaur shriek for less than a second and nothing else.• When you search Skills on the app, most of them are 3 out of 5 or 2 out of 5 or 0 stars(no reviews). So unreliable based on reviewer feedback.• Random but relevant: I just received three Amazon packages at my door and at least that function(The Echo Dot chiming each time) works perfectly. Promoting Amazon's own service reliability, how ironic.Summary: if you want this for easy help once in a while and don't care if it always works, buy it. If you plan to heavily depend on the app and Echo Dot 4 and want full reliability, don't buy it. Also, my grandpa came with his new Echo Dot 3rd Generation two days ago. Almost the exact same sound quality and the 3rd Gen was even more reliable in terms of voice activation.  My mom could even wake it up from the other side of the living room."	3	April 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound it's not good quality, it's feeling like a whatever cheapest speaker. But pass.My mayors complain are:the alexa app, it's messy and not totally user friendly, take a lot time and tutorials understand it.And the biggest not for me, I CAN'T PUT DIFERENTS SPOTIFY COUNTS IN DIFERENTS ECHOS. I wanna play my music without disturbing other alexas/echos in the same network. If I want a party, I use a huge high quality speaker, I don't buy and echo dot.	3	November 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I purchased this as i always do with the latest and greatest echo devices. This was a sour Disappointment for someone who is used to amazon improving on their devices yearly.Complaints:1. They shipped my Black echo, with a WHITE cord, In the past the cord color matched the device, why change?2. The charger is Noticeably larger and cheaper looking, sporting rounded corners and a bulky design.3. The sound quality vs my 2nd Gen Dot has actually gotten worse. This speaker lacks bass and is very ""hollow"" sounding. The gen 2 speaker blows the gen 3 out of the water, IMO they majorly cheaped out to get you other features like an Ai core and a bulkier bigger device, in bigger packaging, requiring more shiping cost, a poor trade off for quality.4. Its fabric mesh, and construction seem cheaper than previous generations, it is significantly lighter than a previous gen (my guess is a small speaker magnet and more airspace due to its odd shape)5. Its small, i thought the ball was cool, big and substantially, Like a speaker should be, but its tennis ball sized and looks like a childs toy, or a cheap bluetooth speaker you got for $5.....6. It has this awful ""sheen"" to the plastic that makes it look like some Chinese garbage product....7. The buttons feel awful and cheap compared to previous generations.Pros:It has underglow now.Overall its clear this product was rushed, or had a strict budget in which a lot of its features, and quality were stripped. The gen2 dots are amazing, and if you weren;t going to make them better, why release a gen 3?It costs more, its much much worse in basically every category, and in my opinion, is a complete fail. Its supreme selling a brick because you want it. Buy a gen2, you'll be happier"	1	October 23, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I had the hockey puck one before this and the sound was much from that one. When you turn it up it gets a feedback and the speaker rattles. Maybe mine is broken but it was like this from the box. It has great sound at lvl5 or lower but above that it gets bad.	3	November 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have a few echo devise throughout  our home and there is a 4th gen in one room and a 3rd gen in the next door room, the 3rd always answers to the same wake word even when we are in the 4th gen device room. I do not recommend the 4th gen. To be honest the 1st gen responded best, but the sound out put is one of the worst.	3	October 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	like: this 1 part of Alexa ph app - can set speaker bass & so forth-- & the setting mostly sticks.Not like: command-response timelapse(worse:wrong response 2 ?...)Probably not: with several dots of varying gens, requests to dot 3 somehow turns on TV at other end house with dot 1...huh?	3	October 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Everything with this is good except the first one and bought had a clock and this one doesn’t. I would give 5 stars if it had a clock	3	November 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I am not sure if it is the Echo Dot I am disappointed in or Alexa itself. It took a long time for me to get the Dot set up, and I have two of them, in different rooms. I still don't have them working as I would like them to, alone and together. Sometimes one overhears what I said to the other and acts by mistake, sometimes it doesn't. I have had them for less than a month and it was disappointing to learn that there is a newer model now that is supposed to have better sound quality.	3	October 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The new Alexa does not “wow” me.  The new design is a bit large and bulky.  Nothing “attractive “.  I am finding that the device is not very responsive.  I often have to repeat the wake word and my request several times before getting a response.  This is especially annoying in the morning when requesting a snooze on my alarm.  After several requests, no response, who needs a snooze.  I am awake and annoyed.  The device is still not as accurate as google.  I often ask questions and get the response “I’m not sure about that”.  I google the same question, and get an answer to that question.  I think this will be my last Alexa🤷‍♀️  I am moving on to something different.  I’m frustrated with the quality of this device.	3	September 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes doesn’t recognize what I’m requesting (music or news). But my original DIED! So what choice do I have? Go with Google??	3	November 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Why is the power cable for a black echo dot bright white? Blech.I will say the speaker audio quality is better than previous generations and I like the dome shape of the unit. But for the love of Pete, please send BLACK cables with black units.	3	October 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"If you're looking for something to play music and maybe tell you the weather, Alexa works fine enough. But beyond that, it's unreliable.For example, I had a timer going on it for food in the oven. Alexa lost the timer and my food burned.For another example, when I say ""Goodnight"", I have it set-up to reply a ""Goodnight"", then play a skill called "" Sleep Sounds."" It does this most of the time. But about one in every five times it forgets to play Sleep Sounds.It also make a lot of mistakes in interpreting what you say. I often find myself going into the app to correct reminders and shopping list items that I add vocally.So, make sure to never use it for anything that is important."	3	September 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The echo is not what it used to be, sometimes it doesn't hear me and when it does thats not what I said or my pandora doesn't work like it play clean music when the explicit is on and sometimes its stressful to deal with because I end up having to use my phone to control something when I could have said it in the app. solid 3.	3	October 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've had better performance from other brands. Myself, I would not recommend to my friends.	3	November 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have many alexa devices..  echo dots all versions all over the house.  This one tends to fade in and out and  it looses connections in the middle of the music. I have two older echo dot devices I used one at a time in same spot and they work fine.. and still do.  I tried to return the unit for a replacment and Amazon auto return system (which I have used many times in the past) will not let me return it ...  directs me to tech support .. which is an auto feed  (not human) ..  and again its the unit and not my connection.  Appears internet connection  of this version of echo is not as good  as the other versions.  Other than this it is a good device.. but without a sound  internet connection it's useless to me and  still sitting in the box it came in.	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Pros:Better sound than any previous generation Echo Dot. Excellent Amazon Day price of $19.99, but I wouldn't pay the regular full price.Cons:I have three 2nd Generation Echo Dots. The power connector on every one of them is Micro-USB (the industry standard at the time.) Even though Amazon recommends using the included USB power adapter and cable, if one gets lost or broken, I can use any USB power adapter and cable. The power connector on this 4th Generation Echo Dot is not Micro-USB or even USB-C (the current industry standard.) It is a small round connector with a one piece adapter/cord assembly. If that gets lost or broken, I'm just out of luck and have a cute paperweight. And the power adapter is the large type that blocks the next power plug over. What's wrong with industry standards, Amazon?Also, the illustration in the Quick Start Guide points to an area called ""Tap detection,"" then not one word anywhere what that means. If you want an actual User Manual, Amazon will be happy to sell you a Kindle version for $2.99 or a paperback version for $7.97. No PDF version that I can find. First product I've ever purchased that charges you for the User Manual without at least offering a free PDF version."	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought these two new devices to replace my old original ones. The new ones seem to have a real hard time understanding my voice and commands. I have tried reinstalling the software separately so that I know it’s all fresh and that isn’t a problem and still sometimes I have to really raise my voice in order for these devices to hear me I never had this problem on the old devices.	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My wife wanted one of these so I ordered it on a Black Friday deal. This thing advertises more then it helps. We were listening to Disney songs with my kids and they were talking about farts and next thing we know the thing is playing some gangster fart song I have never heard of. We had to pull the power cord to get it to stop. I am glad I did not pay full price for this thing because it is now just a paper weight.	3	September 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I am past the return period which is a bummer... I gave it as long as I possibly could, trying to make it work, but it is killing me daily and I just cant take it anymore.I needed a bluetooth speaker for my sit to stand desk for my laptop/monitors setup at home.  The corded speakers were clumsy when moving the desk up & down.  Bought this during Prime days and was excited to try it out, and if it worked well, planned to replace my in-house built in ceiling speakers throughout the house with these little dots via bluetooth.I am now going back to those dumb corded speakers.  I am using the Echo Dot as a bluetooth speaker in my home office, connected to my laptop via bluetooth.  Few connectivity issues.... not seamless when bringing the laptop in and out of the office but I could live with occasionally having to manually reconnect bluetooth.  The DEAL BREAKER for me is that it announces the name of the device it's playing from whenever it plays system sounds.  So, you get an alert you have a new email?  ""Playing from Laptop Name"" is the prefix every single time you get a system sound.  I have gone to every Amazon online forum I can found, countless hours trying to figure out what setting I need to turn off, but I've turned off all notifications, it's in brief mode, etc.  I have no other devices connected to the Echo Dot so it's not like Alexa via the Echo Dot has to differentiate which device it's playing from because there are multiple.  This is a common complaint from other users and seems to be an annoying feature that doesn't have a fix.AMAZON, I would be DELIGHTED to hear from you with a fix that actually would turn this off, because as is, I have yet another Bluetooth speaker that I have no use for.I could have used my Bose mini bluetooth at my desk but it shuts off automatically during periods of silence which is what I was trying to avoid.I also bought an Echo Show on Prime Day for my kitchen, which I am familiar with and plan for a different purpose, listening to music, seeing news headlines, etc.  My sister has had one for years and I am familiar with its features from there.  Maybe I will try it out in here first and ***fingers crossed*** it could potentially not have this feature flaw. But I am only looking for computer speakers for work video calls & laptop reminders and system sounds because I listen to music all day on noise cancelling headphones for focus.  So, the Echo Show would be wasted for that only."	1	September 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This was on-sale so I purchased my third Alexa (already own first and second generations).  My first was OK and a good introduction to Alexa; a black round hockey-puck looking device (first generation) with tinny mids and highs, and lackluster bass, which has since been relegated to my garage for convenience, music, weather, etc.My second was a white larger round hockey-puck looking device (third generation) with superior mids and highs and much improved bass sounds.  Do not expect surround-sound or great music reproduction but they sound good for what they are.This (ROUND) echo-dot (fourth generation) looks nice yet I find that the microphone is not as responsive or sensitive and I have to repeat requests over and over to obtain a response.  The sound is not as high a quality as the third generation white one that I own (which can fill a room) but it is novel to look at spawning interesting conversations when company comes over.  It is not bad but I now see why Amazon gave it away on 'sale' prices.Amazon...YOU can do better!  Combine (or improve upon) the third-generation quality and you will have a winner.  Thank you all for your time.	3	July 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	So this is our first Alexa device. We had the Google Home Mini. I bought the ring security system and got the echo dot with it. The Alexa is more complicated to set up with all other devices than Google. To the point that we really don't use the echo dot. We have it setup to let us know when our mailbox is open and that's it. And since we got the 4th generation echo dot, there's not much info on setting them up. I was trying to link a soundbar by wifi and I can't figure it out. It will connect by Bluetooth through my phone, but then I always have to have Bluetooth on. We didn't link it with our alarm system, because people could potentially disarm it while being outside. So for now I'm not extremely pleased with the echo dot. I will update if that changes.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought a round of 3rd gen dots to put around my house since the 2nd gen is no longer made.  I prefer smaller footprints, so each consecutive generation has a been a move in the wrong direction to me.  All that said, I decided to pick up one 4th gen dot just to see if there are any new features.And it is disappointing.Yes the new design is ugly and unnecessarily inconvenient, but as an added bonus, it's a downgrade from the last generation dot!  The sound quality sucks compared to gen 3, and the mic pickup is terrible.  The mic pickup appears to be directional, having a really hard time picking up voice commands coming from behind it.I really hope they phase this generation out asap.  As long as the gen 3 is available, I highly recommend going for that instead.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've had all generations of dot.  The first and second lasted a long time but they always had trouble understanding voice commands and the sound was particularly bad.  The 3rd generation seems to be highly regarded as the best,  but I had just as many troubles with those.  They did sound better than the previous,  but I had many occasions where they would simply not connect to my network or forget where they were.  I traded in all previous models for this 4th gen.  General consensus is that this is a step back.  I disagree.  This doesn't seem to be any better or any worse than the third generation I had.  The sound is adequate for what it is. It hears and responds to commands even if I'm in the other room.  For the discounted price,  I see no problems here.  I wouldn't ever pay full price for it. I think it's foolish to complain about sound quality from a 3.5 inch mono speaker.  If you want good sound quality,  the dot is not for you. Get a Sonos, a full sized echo,  or even an echo studio.	3	July 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This generation definitely isn’t any better than the last, really no complaints except I wish the sound quality was better	3	October 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is very off one day my friend was on the phone with me and he said Alexa turn down music and she did remind you I didn't add his voice to this echo sound quality is great it can get loud and if I tell Alexa to turn down music she would just turn off music I also like that when I have package delivered Alexa will notify me with a sound I love that I can set alarm and sleep schedule with the echo but all time the echo forget so I am thinking maybe the echo needs some update to it	3	September 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Alexa doesn't quite understand how to recognize playlists already saved in Prime Music. You ask for a Playlist one day and it plays as expected. The next day you ask the very same thing and she pulls some crazy stuff from Mars. I tell Alexa ""No"" and ""Stop"" more times than I tell my kids or dogs.Great sound quality and a lot of different features. Just a wee bit blond."	3	September 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like the sound improvement but is too big and heavy to use an arm to attach it into the wall.  Sometimes gets like frozen to respond when with older version Echo dot 2 and 3 works much better.Generally speaking I like it but not big fan of the ball form as it makes it clunky and heavier.	3	September 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I work in speech analytics, and also have a friend who built a chatbot for a hobby several years ago which I’d train through casual discussion in my spare time. So to me, Alexa underwhelmingly serves the purpose of a fancy voice activated speaker in my home, but nothing more. It’s not natural to me to tell it to add items to my grocery list because it’s faster for me to add myself (partly because I group things mentally by aisle not by food type). I don’t care about news, sports, or stock headlines, so I don’t need those read off to me. And I live in a small, old,  rented apartment, so adding many of the touted smart home devices is a no-go for me due to space and outdated wiring capabilities.More specifically, despite being several gens in, Alexa’s response abilities are still shockingly subpar. If I ask to be read a page from Wikipedia and then don’t catch something she says, when I say “read that last sentence again”, she fries. If I say “turn on X and Y” she somehow thinks it’s one name and can’t find a device with the joint name so neither light is switched on.With the alarm ability, I can’t set a specific song partway thru an album; if I pick a specific song, that song plays once or looped on repeat (it’s not consistent). But if I tell her to play an album, it’s not visually clear in the app that the whole album will play (and sometimes only the first song plays and then also stops music). If I say “set alarm to play music by X artist” to avoid all of THAT, then the first song is by the artist and the subsequent songs are by other artists I would never remotely considered related, so I’m left distrustful and frustrated with even a basic alarm feature.The snooze feature is impossible to figure out and navigate, both vocally or in the app. And again in setting music for the alarm, you can’t pick free songs in Amazon music from the app, you have to verbally direct Alexa and good luck with her getting that right.So at this point until Alexa goes through either a massive overhaul or several impressive gens in short order, I wouldn’t recommend Alexa devices (though I haven’t tried any other home assistants to compare for quality).Complaints aside, having read Talk to Me by James Vlahos (highly recommended), I can appreciate all the hard work that’s gone into even the basic Alexa functions and call and response capabilities. But until things get to a point where I can say “Alexa, what are some great cocktail recipes?” and not receive the answering “Sure. I found a recipe for shrimp cocktail”, I wouldn’t recommend spending the money, regardless of how inexpensive the device is.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	All of a sudden (no changes) my echo will not connect to the internet (orange oscillating light).  If asked, she says she seems to be working fine, but if I ask if she is connected to the internet, she says she has intermittent connection.  My other echo dot has no problem and is further away in another room.  My account says support expired last month.  It is clear to me that the device is having a problem, since my wifi is fine on every other device.  Internet a speed checks say everything is fine.I have tried unplugging the device, as well as resetting it.  She says she is connected to the internet, but continues to have the orange oscillating light on constantly.	3	August 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"We have a dozen Echo devices throughout the house, not to mention the Echo Auto in the car and my Echo Frames glasses (both of which I adore).  We had a 5 inch Show on the kitchen peninsula (separates the kitchen and great room).  It replaced a 2nd generation Dot, which we moved to another location.Having the visual element was nice but we found the Show was horrible at hearing the wake word unless you were standing directly in front of it. Makes sense for a device with a screen, I guess; there's a presumption that you'll be standing in front of it to see the display.So we decided to move the Show to the entry hall, up against a wall, where we could have it display the Cloudcam and Ring cameras, and get a  Dot that we thought would be more omnidirectional. In fact, our older Dots were very good at picking up the wake word from the side or behind, with the round shape. We liked the spherical look of the latest generation so we ordered this. It was our first 4th gen Dot.I paid the extra $2.99 for same day delivery and eagerly awaited its arrival. It was supposed to come between 2 and 6 pm. When it didn't, my order record showed it was ""now arriving by 10 pm."" Around 8 p.m. I got a new message that the order had been cancelled and my payment would be refunded. Huh?I recorderd and this time didn't try to do same-day. The next day it arrived, but ... I could have sworn I ordered the charcoal color but I got the blue. Maybe I somehow clicked the wrong box in the process of redoing the order. The blue color didn't go with the kitchen decor at all and looked odd and out of place.But that's not all. Sadly, it proved to be almost as bad at hearing the wake word, even when we spoke very loudly, as the Show. I ended up switching it out with the 3rd gen charcoal colored Dot that was in the upstairs bathroom, which is the only room in the house with a blue color theme. That worked out okay since the 3rd gen is WAY better at hearing from different directions, but it's sort of sad that the cool-shaped 4th gen model had to be relegated to a guest bathroom that's rarely used.I do have to say, though, that its speaker is great - the sound is very rich and full. Too bad no one plays music in that bathroom."	3	September 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Just ok.  Not great.	3	October 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	For some reason, this 4th Gen can’t hear me most of the time. I have to repeat myself constantly. This was not an issue with 3rd Gen Echo Dots. I have no idea where the microphones are on this one, but that might have something to do with it.  Otherwise, it’s the same as the previous Echo units.	3	October 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Thought updating to newer version would be better but I think it’s not any better.  It takes a few times for me to wake up echo before it responds and I have to keep waking it up and  repeating commands to get it to work correctly .  You have to use a different command other than what it says to view the ring cameras if you use the command it says,it will tell you “this device don’t support camera”.  And finally I ordered a black one but they provide white charging cord, makes no sense	3	September 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition struggles with people who have foreign accents. At first it was funny, but now it's frustrating because Alexa rarely gets it right. This speaker doesnt work like a normal Bluetooth speaker, which is disappointing. Basically if you want to play audio from a YouTube video or website, etc., you can't. It is only compatible with certain apps on your phone, and each has to be set up with Alexa individually. One glitch I've noticed is that Alexa doesn't do task-switching well. For example, pausing a podcast on Spotify, then performing a Google search, then switching back to the podcast which was just playing is something that seems to be beyond the current capabilities of Alexa. The whole sequence could not be completed hands-free. Also, when performing Google searches, it often gives less-than-desired results. Simple searches usually give correct results, but any search query which is slightly more complex will probably result in answers that don't match the question. I really wanted to like these speakers, but honestly there's probably better ones out there. Even the sound quality isn't impressive...it would not please a die-hard audiophile. But for simple tasks, Alexa is just fine.	3	June 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I guess my Wi-Fi sucks but Alexa needs to be wireless! Like why can’t I charge it without extra pieces ! She be glitching. I got an Alexa in 2018 & she act she the same !!!	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s so bad with Spotify, when it’s uncertain, instead of asking for clarification, it’ll just randomly guess? So instead of some light Jazz I have to deal with 2014 mumble-rap.Fr this could be as easy as “did you mean ___” and letting me say “no”. Instead I'm just yelling “Alexa stop, Alexa stop, stop” while it insists on playing the first couple seconds of the track. Like who decided any of this was a good idea?	3	September 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I hate to say it but... The 4th gen Echo Dot SUCKS. It was my first Echo Dot ever and I thought it was phenomenal. Coolest thing I've ever owned tech-wise aside from my gaming PC. I ended up with 3 of these Dots, one of them being the tiger version for kids.HOWEVER... I've owned them for a year now, and...I noticed a lot of times Alexa either didn't pick up my voice after the wake word, she'd hear something entirely wrong, or I have to repeat myself because she says ""OK"" and then the device doesn't turn on. Alexa almost never understands my son so the Echo Dot in his room is nearly pointless as he comes out to ask us to turn on his light.I decided to purchase a 3rd gen Echo Dot due to it being cheaper and I'd heard it was actually better from the reviews here, and.... They're not wrong. The 3rd gen Echo seems to work way better than the 4th. Alexa always responds properly, directional voice detection is on point, and with the 3rd gen she actually hears and understands my son.3rd gen takes up less room, has a black cord which blends in better (seriously what were you thinking, Amazon? Giving us white power cords for our BLACK 4th gen echos?)I don't know why the 4th gen sucks so bad. I love the spherical shape even though it's bulky. I can only assume the spherical shape messes with the microphone in the device."	3	February 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I use it for home control and it works great. I would love to be able to use functions like Guard or Kids and currently they appear to be not compatible with my country ( Argentina) as well as several skills. And I would love for them to solve that, I consider it very necessary	3	September 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have my little friend in the bedroom and I use it for all sorts of things more all the time and I like the feature that it will whisper to me if I whisper what time is it in the middle of the night I play soft music or animal sounds at night help me sleep and I'm very happy with it	3	September 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The Echo Dot 4th Generation I would only give 3 stars well less but in overall it's 3 and  is a handy tool however it is far from perfected. I love the handy notification and everything from the skills it can do they have not changed from year's ago. I personally don't like that Alexa can not register things that Google does better on answering questions or full sentences she switches my words and plays incorrect music .Pro,Works on reading Kindle booksGood Alarm clock ⏰Notification of packages 📦Many skillsSpotify or other music compatibleGood timer ⏲️It is Loud but at time is distorted so it may seem like it low volumeConsDoes not listen every timeDoesn't comprehend sentence and gives wrong answersThe audio sounds like a fishbowl on certain thingsDoes not have other options to call Alexa only options are echo or computer. Would be better if it allow you to say what you want to call itIm overall disappointed in this device only in the audio and the Alexa issues that she doesn't listen and gives incorrect informationDoesn't give an option to mute 🔕 if you can not push her mute as she picks up even if her name not called.	2	October 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	She doesn’t work some of the time. I will ask her a question she doesn’t respond I’ll tell her to turn on and she doesn’t. Got so frustrated with her I unplugged her. I guess you have to do that occasionally. I got so mad at her I yelled at her.	3	September 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This one looks better than the old puck style dot, but the sound is muddy and I have to speak very loudly for her to hear me. Even then I sometimes have to repeat myself three or four times before she understands.	3	September 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like my Alexa devices and I have multiple throughout my home but my Echo Dot 4th Gen won’t display the time. I’ve tried to go through the settings and turn on the display, I’ve tried to voice command the LED clock, nothing is working. Also because I have more than one sometimes the others pick up when I’m speaking to the one in my room. Great sound quality btw.	3	September 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Good thing it was free with a subscription, otherwise it would be Alexa bye bye. Already unplugged and disconnected. Voice recognition is terrible except when I was talking on the phone. Free was to high of cost for this electronic device!!	3	October 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	While I do like the Gen 4 Echo design, it has issues hearing commands properly - I have a plain Midwestern accent, so that's not the issue. The sound quality isn't as good as my Gen 3 either. The smart bulb that came with it is fun though.	3	September 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I got this product so I can get smart light bulbs connect them to my phone it also to my Alexa. And ask general questions that she can never answer she doesn't know the answer to anything. I can immediately ask a Google product that will respond instantly with 50 wrong answers maybe one out of 10 times it'll get something close to right but at least it says something and gives me an idea of where to look. But the problem with this one is that she can't hear me and now every time I leave and come home she well tell me who I am if I ask and know things about me some but she thinks I have a new device every time and so every time I leave she disconnects my light bulbs and when I get home I have to redo everyone one of the time. Then I have to log them all together into a group on my phone so I can turn them all off at once or individually so that's five settings and then I have to go through and set up color settings if I want any. Then I have to connect my phone to Alexa reprogram everything that way even though the app on my phone shows me I've done everything I'm supposed to do when I ask her to do something she'll say I'm sorry you have not yet able to skill or you have not yet enable that device set for this device and it's the same everyday I don't get it. She has not once disconnected from the internet since she's been plugged up in the last month I've looked at the log and her IP address or Mac address has been on file except for the two times I tried to unplug her and reset her and the one time I knocked her out of the wall and out of those three times she didn't forget a thing and suddenly she can't remember me she doesn't know that I've got prime for the next 6 months she'll tell me everything prime that I have to subscribe and she'll tell me how to do it and she won't shut up and she can't hear me telling her to stop talking because she's talking so loud and her microphones suck. For the first 3 weeks I was happy for the last two or three or so but the customer service was so great that they sent me a new one to replace this glitch and have given me time to see how the new one does while I still have the old one before I send one or both back.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My old echo dots are much better. This one I have to yell at and it still doesn’t understand me. It has a better speaker for playing music but I have to speak so loudly that my other dots in adjoining rooms will do what I’m asking her to do. Will only use for playing music.	3	September 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This is the second one I have had and it does not pick up my voice. The echos in my other rooms always answer before this one does. It also shuts down right in the middle of a podcast and has to be reset like it is brand new. The first one couldn't even be reset.	3	September 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I purchased several Echo Dot 4th gen speakers and have been generally happy with them.  I jumped on this sale thinking I was getting another pair of what I had already bought.  I was surprised when the small package arrived.  These 'full sound' 4th gen Dots are 4 inches in diameter, while the original 'premium sound' 4th gen Dot speakers I bought were 6 inches in diameter.  I played 'Love is Blue' on two of these 'full sound' speakers in my kitchen where I usually play this piece in the kitchen with a single 'premium sound' speaker.  The premium has a much fuller, richer sound than these small things.I think it is misleading to name two very different sized, different sounding, speakers identically except for 'full' vs. 'premium', which most people would not even pay attention to.  The picture on the webpage cannot reveal the size difference- same pic, same name, but different product.  Come on.	3	July 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Device stopped working after just 3 weeks. Volume automatically goes to zero. Gone through all the troubleshooting steps with the Amazon team - yet the problem persists. Not my first Alexa device - have another (older) Echo which works just fine.That said, Amazon support was great. They sent a replacement device. Hopefully, 2nd time lucky!	3	September 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Never wanted an Alexa device but for the price on Prime Day I figured I'd get some pleasure out of it. It is fun to play with, with all its features, all of which are available through the media (mass and/or social) but it's all in one place here.The big disappointment was the Drop In feature didn't work. It's essentially a home intercom, among other things, and the one thing I don't have readily available in my house.In general, the purchase was a disappointment and seeing as I spent 5 entire days trying to set this up and get it to work, extremely frustrating. The Amazon help desk and the various on line help groups were utterly helpless and a complete waste of time. No one had even a clue as to how to help/proceed. Everything they suggested I had already tried multiple times with no success.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This version rattles at higher volume.	3	October 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have an original Echo and a couple of Dots. They all work fine. This one shuts off sometimes when we leave and have music playing everywhere. It also doesn't seem to recognize voice commands as well. Should have gotten another Dot instead!	3	September 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I wish I could use the plan that I already have on my Alexa to incorporate all my Alex’s together to play music. They want me to increase to a more expensive plan to add other Alexis. Is	3	September 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	First of all, I didn't realize when I ordered this that it has to be plugged in to use, but that's on me. The sound quality is good, and some features are easy to use. For example, if I ask Alexa about the weather, I get an accurate and succinct response. But heaven forbid I try to use AN AMAZON APP through this thing.I love podcasts and music and I use Amazon Music Unlimited on my phone a lot. But, if I ask Alexa to continue playing something on my Echo, rarely does it do what I've tried to ask. Sometimes it mishears me and plays something else (and I really make sure to enunciate), sometimes it starts playing on my TV instead, sometimes it says it's getting what I asked for from Amazon Music and then just doesn't play, and sometimes it tells me it doesn't have the ability to do what I've asked. I realize this is an older model (I only bought it because of a Prime Day deal), but the fact that an app from the same company is not integrated with the Echo Dot is so baffling. I can't even choose to play something on the Echo from within the Amazon Music app or the Amazon Alexa app on my phone! I only get the choice in the Alexa app to continue playing something that was previously played on the Echo, which is a problem when I can't get it to play what I want.I just don't end up using the Echo Dot very often because it's frustrating.	2	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The Amazon products are fineAnd I will keep purchasingBut, and I know this isn’t really the right place, I’m not too fond of the AI AlexaIt can’t answer a question simply, there’s so much extra dialogue we have to ask her repeatedly to stop. It’s annoying, and the SIRI AI doesn’t do that.	3	September 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Just doesn't have the sound quality of any comparable Bluetooth speakers. I also HATE that it HAS to be plugged in instead of being rechargeable.	3	October 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It was not plug and play as the instructions say... I had to have a friend actually set it up with my TV and phone.... plus, it cuts on and off all the time....and it's in the same room as the WiFi router.  Go figure.	3	September 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was sitting here by myself nothing on no TV no radio and all of a sudden this thing starts talking I had to put it in the other room needless to say I don't use it anymore	3	September 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	i have two of these & they BOTH get stuck updating... no, not just for hours, but days. there's no way any update should take more than an hour at the longest, but these i'll end up unplugging a day later & restarting (cuz if i try turning it off, it'll say it's updating & will let me know when it's done), which often doesn't help either. i mean, the yellow light is going round & round for hour on end. this is the 2nd experience/problem i've had with this same issue in a very short time (like couple months). don't they allow commenting on reviews anymore?UPDATE : i almost forgot about this same issue happening with the regular older dots. they sure shouldn't be sending the same updates to all devices. each is different & some probably freak out over what they've been given - this does not compute - but what i read that you should do is the following:  Hold down the Minus & Mute buttons (together) for about 15 seconds, until you hear something about removing smart devices. When it's ready, you'll use the Alexa app to reconnect to your wifi. (oh, & you'll possibly have to do it again next month, & forever i to eternity since their programmers don't seem to understand certain things.	3	April 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I am not a technophobe by any means but I have not bought into all the ""smart gizmos"" until fairly recently. So far I like the dot, mainly because I can talk fast and natural and Alexa understands me perfectly.  You can also change the key word (or whatever it's called) to a few other things, which I can't do with Google.Now for people complaining about the audio quality: this thing is a tiny little speaker with a tiny power draw and in my mind will never sound good for music (physics and whatnot). If you are someone who actually listens to music you already know that this will sound like garbage and probably already have an amp/receiver and decent speakers or monitors. Alexa's voice is ok, even if she sounds a little muddled, kind of like someone talking to you when they are not facing you. It does have an aux output and bluetooth so hooking it up to real speakers is a breeze.The only things I think Amazon should fix is the very stiff ugly cord with the giant brick. Also I have the blue and black models and I think the blue is kind of ugly and the black is very black (the kind of black that really doesn't exist in nature.) These complaints are just nitpicking and I still like the product.Update: When I first got this it was kind of a pain to get certain things functioning such as my lights, but Alexa is able to learn fairly quickly what I mean when I say certain things. I have one dot in the bedroom and one in my office, and at first Alexa had no idea how to turn the lights off or on without being specific. I had to say, ""Alexa, turn on the office lights"" at first, but now I just say, ""Alexa, turn on the lights"" or simply, ""Alexa, lights,"" and if I am in the office the office lights turn on and if I am in the bedroom the bedroom lights turn on, just as it should be. Alexa had to learn this, it's like she had no common sense at first, but over time she ""matures."" It may be a little frustrating at first but give it a chance.Update: OK this thing is getting annoying. Everything about this device is trying to get you to buyAmazon products. For example, it connected to my printer and now I get messages about buying toner all of the time.  I think Amazon made this thing like a softball so when you get mad at it you can throw it out the window. I'm probably going to use google more often now and use alexa only for turning on my lights. Even if you turn every option off in the settings it still just rambles on and on.Another update: This thing has gotten so frustrating to use. One day I will ask Alexa when does Walmart open, and she will respond with the time the store that is closest to me opens. A day later if I ask the same question it will respond by telling me when a random walmart 50 miles away is open. If I ask specifically when does the Walmart in *insert city here* open the response is, ""Sorry I can't do that."" This thing sucks. Will stick with Google products from now on.FINAL UPDATE: So after I changed my review to one star Amazon called my phone while I was sleeping. Seriously Amazon? I threw away my Amazon products and cancelled my music subscription, although I will keep my Prime membership because I do like their tv shows. Now my home is Google Home equipped and I have a Google Assistant device in every room now and subscribed to You Tube music. So much better!! Amazon is all about getting you to subscribe to all of their services so you will have a monthly bill instead of buying a stand alone product. There is so much competition now that Amazon just isn't worth it anymore."	1	June 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Alexa have to go loooong way to understand apps.I’ve integrated with Ring security, but can’t command alexa to change security modes. enabled Saavn skill, but alexa cant find my saavn playlists, it randomly picks up some songs and plays.	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought this mode thinking it’s a good upgrade on the previous but to be honest the previous one is better.Voice recognition is really bad, I offer have to shout out commands compared to the previous version.No wonder this model came up so often on deals. Let’s just say if it’s on a deal it must not be good!	3	September 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We like having an Alexa in our office however, it forgets the command. It stops sometimes when playing music, we want it to keep playing :(Other than that, it works ok, the sound is good.	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality, and all the Alexa features are awesome! The only problems I have with the unit is I have to reset it a lot when Alexa stops responding. Sometimes I reset it daily and other times I don’t have to reset for 3 days. In all fairness though, I will have to exhaust all the troubleshooting steps before I send it back. The sound quality is excellent for a speaker this size!	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought this with the echo sub and together they sound awesome.  Creating the speaker pair with sub took a few tries.  But once it worked great.  Downside, can’t use the speaker pair with a Bluetooth connected device like cell phone or computer.  This is too bad as they would make great options and wipe out my desire for a HomePod mini.  I have had some issues with trying to adjust eq from Alexa app.  I would recommend for people invested in Amazon systems like a fire tv or just use Amazon Prime for all things.  If you are like me who goes across different systems and has their own things they want to play.  Stick with one echo dot.  Skip the sub.	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa didn’t recognize anybody’s voice. Other than, that Alexa is a great investment.  My family use the dropping option as a good way of communicating  to different levels of my home.	3	September 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Se queda frisado y a veces no reproduce las canciones que les pido.	3	October 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I originally gave my new echo dots 4 stars, but I'm downgrading that to 3 stars and it may become 2 shortly.I love the sound quality (so much better than the old ech dots I have). But they keep dropping signal or don't play skills correctly. I never had this problem with my old 2nd generation dots. I'm having this issue a lot. Which is a bummer because I purchased a lot of these.	3	August 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Works well, good sound, has a nice compact design, you will need WIFI. I disliked that Alexa sometimes doesn’t understand what I’m saying or I need to repeat myself	3	September 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s voice/word recognition is much worse than Siri. God forbid you use a big or not-so-common word like “fractionator” to trigger a routine. I was actually blown away by the sound quality though, it’s amazing for such a small speaker. But my biggest gripe is that it cannot execute scheduled routines, specifically ones that control my appliances, in the event of internet loss. However I will say that connecting my smart plugs and other devices were unbelievably easy, there is a near infinite selection of compatible third party devices, and Alexa’s “routines” is far more advanced than HomeKit’s “Automations.” For this reason I have the dot and not a HomePod.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	just like everyone else is saying, I promise you, if you want good sound quality, don’t get this one. I just got this one because it was the newest and I don’t care about sound quality	3	September 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	El sonido no es tan bueno y es más potente el eco de 3ra generación	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Super cute device.It could be wonderful but it has two big drawbacks compared to other similar (non Alexa) devices:• the biggest problem: the device volume doesn’t pair with the connected devices’s volume so when it disconnects or confirms a voice command, it is soooo very loud that it can be heard across the street (no exaggeration) and I’m the middle of the night, when you disconnect a device, it wakes up everyone.• the bass are really deep. Which is terrific for music playing but not so good when listening to other human voices (podcast, talk radio) as the bass are too strong when in “neutral” position. And modulating the bass is problematic when the voice command sound is sooooo loud (back to issue #1).Extra drawback/suggestion for upgrade:• It should be wireless!!!!! We can’t move it around. When listening to a podcast I don’t want to blast the sound so I want it close by but that means moving it around. Plugging and unplugging it means sound pairing conundrum again. Back to issue #1!So while it’s super cute and good quality, I can’t give it more than 3 stars because of the above.	3	May 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I am sure this will be really useful and wonderful sometime in the future.  Like most tech things it assumes one understands the concept and knows how the thing works. But I am old and slow.It comes with no instructions other than to download the app, and the app possesses the same flaw. But I am working on it as I need to get control of my TV which exhibits the same problem.  It is, however, cute as a button, though for some unknown reason my cute little charcoal ball comes with a bright white cord! A big miss on the esthetics of the thing, AND the sound quality is poor. Alexa is muffled and does not have a crisp clear voice. All in all, just so-so. I was hoping for more.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The 1st week the sound quality was fantastic. Now, especially during replies,  the speaker is crackling	3	October 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	In my experience, it's a lot more tough to catch Alexa's attention compared to Google Home. It also does poorly when trying to understand my requests.	3	September 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	1. There is no way to make the 8mm jack a sound input. It is configured as an audio outlet for audio output only.2. Dot cannot play the same content as Alexa3. The bottom of this unit does not have a mounting nut like the Echo's does .These three items make it seem like Amazon is trying to cheat us	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It's a great device for the house but it goes offline a lot. We may have to upgrade or do a trade-in if it continues.	3	September 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I thought I was ordering one with a Clock. This Echo Dot does not come with the clock just for your information. I will not order this Echo Dot again	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The speaker is not an improvement from the disc or puck shaped dots. It looks more interesting, but the sound quality is not better...in my opinion, the sound quality is worse and I will stick with the older models for now.	3	September 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	If you already own an Echo Dot 3rd Gen keep it. This newer version isn’t that big of a deal the previous version (the 3rd gen w/ the time clock) works just as well has this one. I’m still using the 3rd gen because the time clock also works as a timer, shows you the temperature and is touch sensitive (which means that when I want it to stop or snooze I only have to lightly touch it).	3	August 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It just stops doing what I say after awhile. My 1st Alexa device. When it works I enjoy it. The setup was a but annoying and lengthy for me. If I don't use it for a few days, it won't respond to me. It listens, but won't respond. Glad I got this at a super discount.	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This device does not hear well, I keep having to repeat 'alexa'. My older one was better, at least at hearing and responding.	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The second generation plastic echo dots were great. Sound quality not so much if you were using it as a speaker, but the Alexa integration was awesome and the voice recognition was great. The third generation echo dot with the cloth covering still performed very well, but voice recognition not quite as accurate as the second generation. This fourth generation echo dot, the cloth covered sphere, would make a better baseball than voice assistant device. The integration with Alexa is obviously still great since that is what it is designed to do. However, this thing will not pick up voice if its life depended on it, which one day it just might. I can be in my bedroom about 5 feet away from this dot on the nightstand and it will not recognize the Alexa wake word. Interestingly enough, the second generation dot I have in the office diagonally across the hall and on the opposite side of the room, probably 35 feet away will pick it up fine. I will try to tell my bedroom echo to set an Alarm by saying ""Alexa, set an alarm for 7AM"", it will not respond at all, but I will hear from a distance, ""setting an alarm for 7AM tomorrow"", coming from the second generation dot in the office. Too bad these are outside the return period as I am currently looking at replacing the 4th gen with 3rd gen dots to see how that works, Otherwise I will be using these as baseballs and switching to Siri instead of Alexa and using Apple Home Pods in place of the echo dots. I would avoid these 4th gen dots and go with the 3rd gen if you are using it for any Alexa functionality."	2	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought this to replace the original dot which I felt did not detect voice commands very well, and had substandard sound quality.  Having used this 4th generation device for awhile,  along with the outlet wall mount I find that it still doesn't have the best voice detection.  I find I have to repeat myself frequently.  The sound quality for playing music, or audiobooks is slightly better than the original, but I was hoping for more.	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I recently traded-in my 2nd Gen Echo Dot with this one.What I liked1. enhanced bass and treble2. crisp sound quality3. smooth setup as beforeWhat I didn't like1. Feels bulkier, but maybe I will get used to it2. on loud music, alexa does not respond perfectly. you would have to time you call when the music is low. I found this very annoying and irritating, as the 2nd gen was much better in responding during loud music.3. Does not have a 360 sound, maybe the premium ones be better on thisUpdate: Jul 10I wish it could respond better to Alexa wake word. The 2nd Gen I had, was so much better in this regard. No too happy with my purchase so far.	3	July 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"This Echo Dot is great, voice recognition is better than the old unit it replaced, sound quality is also great, but it's a chatty little thing. It's not the only one, all the Echo devices I have are also really chatty. Problem is, I bought more of them as ""brief mode"" used to really be just that - brief. Now, however, I'm offered all manner of tips, tricks, suggestions, and advice every other time I use one. It's incredibly frustrating as brief more is definitely on. Echo is now more chatty than my Google home devices, which I thought was near impossible."	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was initially excited to be able to have on demand music but it stops after a couple of songs. I read that I have to stay close by and continually interact to keep it on. I've done that but it doesn't seem to make a difference. I wonder if I had paid more would it have been better?	3	August 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is good for the size. Easy to move around and charge. Alexa works great with the hardware.The volume is limited for large spaces. The battery life is less per charge than advertised unless you really limit unless you significantly reduce volume usage.	3	September 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is not always consistent. Some days she understands a request and other days she says “I can’t do that right now”.  Also, some times she does not remember a past request. I have to repeat it several times.  There is definitely a glitch in her set up.  These are not difficult requests.  Music played many times in the past but not recognized by Alexa frequently. It should be researched. It’s annoying.	3	August 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Other than the low price I paid and the design I'm not impressed. On the 3rd Gen I could speak with just a little loudness from any room in my apartment and my Echo heard me on the first try,  it was so bad i had to name the one in my living room something differentbecause they both heard me. With the 4th Gen I have to scream 3-4 tomes from the other rooms, or be in the same room for it to hear me. I've never used a lot of features on any of my Echos so I can't really speak to much, but it's annoying that this one cannot hear me as clearly as my older models did.	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Use is for Bedroom alarm and rider, You need to say Alexa a few times for this echo dot to activate.  its is Not as quick or sensitive as the smaller old echo dot. Sound quality is very good.	3	September 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	So I upgraded to the Echo Dot 4 after I’ve had the Dot 3 for a few years now, & it’s not what I expected. Alexa doesn’t respond to her name when you call for her but when you don’t even mention her name, she wakes up. The audio on the Alexa is not good as you hear a static noise & I am also not able to call anyone using the 2 devices I have. Definitely needs to get fixed and updated cause it’s not ok!	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It has pretty good sound quality and can be placed pretty well anywhere you have wifi. Easy setup	3	September 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	First is the “By the way…” or similar phrases seem to be worse with this gen.  Second, and I may be anal, but why is there a bright white power cord for a black echo dot?  It really cheapens the dot IMO.	3	August 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have had Echo Dots in the past and none of them had problems. Anytime I need to wake Alexa, I have to repeat myself twice. It is so frustrating. “Echo, what time is it? Echo, what time is it?” This is almost EVERY single time I need to use her with every single request. It’s been like this since I got the device, but I am so busy I barely have time for anything I need to do for myself so I didn’t reach out for a resolution. Sometimes she won’t wake up at all. I have had Dots I used in a large open studio with them high up on a cabinet 20 feet from me and they worked seamlessly. This dot is usually less than 6 feet from me and it does this. Something must be wrong with the device.	2	November 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don't know if not having a smart phone makes a difference but downloading the Alexa app onto windows did absolutely nothing to improve my use of the echo dot. I have been through several web pages trying to set this device up to do the things I have seen it do in videos but if I can't find the info to make changes all I have is a musical paperweight.Adding on to review and changing from 2 to 4 starsSo after going through several pages on Amazon and being directed to a whole bunch of questions and answers that have nothing to do with how I am trying to set up my echo dot I stumbled on to a page for settings for echo devices, so I am on the right track.It should not be this difficult.	2	November 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The mike is not as sensitive as past Echos and the speaker is a little better, but not by much.  There are better products on the market than the Echo.	3	September 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Beautiful mew design but won't connect to all my apps.	3	October 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	When I went to order this it did not represent itself as a giant orb. The picture that I went by was the low rise one you know looks like a hockey puck. I sent this one back because it did not slide under the edge of my computer monitor like my other ones and it was not as easy to see the blue glowing light because it was around the narrow bottom of the orb. Otherwise than that it works fine just like all my other echo dots. And I love being able to ask Alexa anything from any room that pops into my head at any time!	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not what I thought it would be does not integrate well with everything. Ended up with HomePod mini.	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like the 3rd gen alexa better this 4th gen sounds like Alexa has cotton in her mouth while talking	3	September 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I will start by saying I own a gen 3 dot, a flex and an auto. I like them all,  the gen 3 has worked so well that when I found this on sale I gave it a try. I have been so disappointed. It is very obtrusive and gets in the way. The  worst  part is getting it to respond. Sometimes you have to yell to get it to respond.	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Remember this is the one without the clock description .I thought they all had a clock face but they do not I am not used to this because I train could not return it because it was on sale I will wait till the one with the clock is on sale and most likely order it	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My 3rd generation works better than this one	3	October 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Picked this up on sale to replace my original, larger Echo. Everything is great except the bass. There isn't any. No thumps, whumps, or kerchunks.	3	September 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Update May 2021:  Now when I call, they tell me they can’t see that I’ve reset the device when I’m fast I am having to reset the device every other day if not daily. Giving a device like this a 90 day warranty is very telling. They are aware of its potential early failure modes, and they are trying to push consumers to buy the extended warranties. Please just take mine back and let me get one that works so my child can listen to his music at night to sleep. Is it really that expensive to support?I’ve now contacted support four times in one week. The most recent before tonight suggested I needed to contact support when the device was actively having an issue. So I did that tonight. I was asked to move the device within 5 m of a router, done! Ah that doesn’t help me with where it’s supposed to go. Now they offer a 15% discount on a new one since This one is out of warranty. 4 echos in the house, including a gen 1 echo and three dots, and this 4th gen dot has been having issues off and in since February. Support is not very helpful. Back to playing music for our child via Bluetooth.The problematic one has started not responding. I've been unplugging it and plugging it back in, and then it works.  So this happens every few days.  I contacted support and of course the warranty period ended April 1st. Their only suggestion was to reset the device, which is what I have had to do twice now since I called in.  Last night it became unresponsive after it heard the wake word, the blue light just stayed on, so I reset it.  It looks like I will have to constantly reset it to keep it working, which is extremely frustrating.  The good one has been working great, still, since day one.So I’ll average my rating at a solid 3. We bought two for our boys. One has worked great since set up, the other has required resetting three times since Christmas. So I’ll review the problematic one. Both set up just fine, nice and easy as expected and they both integrated with our other echos and compatible smart devices. One day while scanning my network I noticed a device that I didn’t recognize. I did an online search and figured out that what I was seeing was the wireless component of one of the new echo devices we had just given our children for Christmas. While all the other echos attached to out network were identified as amazon devices. Hmm, not a huge deal. I unplugged it and reset it. Fast forward a few weeks and one night while asking the echo to run the same routine we run every night at bedtime, it tells me that it appears I am trying to control a device that is linked to another account, would you like me to control it?  Well of course!!  Well that didn’t work. I had to deregister the echo and set it up from scratch again. All good......until a few weeks later. Same bedtime routine and the echo is telling us it can’t play music from pandora, that we need to enable the skill and that it had sent us instructions on how to do so, despite being registered to an account that has three other echo devices that can play stations from my Pandora without any issues. So another deregister and setup from scratch and it’s working just fine, for now. I contacted support at one point, but they want to troubleshoot in real time. This occurs during the bedtime of my 6 year old, I don’t have time to troubleshoot at that time. I realize these devices aren’t perfect, but my son thinks he has a bad one, and I’m getting frustrated. I’m not quite sure what to do at this point. The “bad” one and the “good” one are both equal distance from the router. I don’t quite understand what I can do different.  To me this seems like a defective device.	1	February 10, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I think it's s good idea that still needs to be developed and upgraded. This won't be much useful if you don't pay each services that you want; for instance, Amazon Prime, Amazon Music. (And I have both of them, so I know what I said). It also won't be fantastic if you are not in the US (I am in the US but some relatives are abroad, so I know it).But, if you want to have basic functions from a remote device this will be really useful. And also you would like to have several devices in your home to use it potential correctly.AN IMPORTANT UPDATED. I RECEIVED THIS TODAY AND I THINK YOU MUST KNOW IT BEFORE BUY AN ALEXA: Hello,We’re writing to inform you that beginning on November 8th, 2021, email access will no longer be supported for Alexa customers. This means that you will no longer be able to link your Gmail or Microsoft email account with Alexa to browse or manage your email, and any linked email account(s) will automatically be unlinked.This change will also impact related email features such as email routines and email notifications. Additionally, we will no longer support email package tracking if you have opted into this feature to receive updates from retailers outside of Amazon. However, you can continue to ask “Alexa, where’s my stuff?” to stay on top of upcoming Amazon deliveries.No action is required from you for this change. If you have a calendar account linked to Alexa, this access will continue to work.Sincerely,Amazon Alexa Email team	3	November 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Alexa is great if you have music on your library or already have a subscription to either Amazon Music or Apple. I have neither. Alexa does access the Prime music and the sound quality is excellent.	3	August 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound is ok. Its max volume with good sound is relative to its size and not cheap / tinny sounding. But I use this in the bathroom and it does just fine. And a good thing is they finally made the + and - volume keys raised so that I can feel the difference and select the one I want. I have found that asking alexa to turn down the volume often happens in too large of an increment, so adjusting by hand is better since I can feel which button is which.What I don't like about the unit is that the body of the dot (the ball) is black and the power cord is white. On a bathroom counter that is very obvious. I found this ridiculous and unexpected that they couldn't provide a black cord with a black unit. I ended up spray painting my power cord black. Grumble grumble.The 2nd thing I don't like is that there is no audio or aux in. I have a cd player that I use to play some older cds. And there is no aux in on this dot, and there isn't one on an echo show that I have in the kitchen. the only way to connect the cd player is blue tooth. Well if I want to connect the cd player using bluetooth to my dot in the bathroom I have to unpair the cd player from the echo show in the kitchen and create a new pairing on the one in the bathroom and vice versa. If I don't do this the blue tooth cd player plays on a dot/echo in the wrong room! This gets old very fast. :(  Grumble Grumble. I can't believe it is that hard to add an aux in on these units.Finally a negative, is that I refuse to buy a small echo show, just so that I can see what time it is. So if I want to see the time, I have to have a clock near by. Clock radios may be a thing of the past, but the concept is very functional. So since I didn't want both a clock and a bt speaker on my bathroom counter , the clock is on the wall.... Grumble grumble.	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	***Edit, Spring 2020*There has been a software update, and now the sound quality is on par with my old dot, if not a tad better. Unfortunately, this unit is very slow to respond to my voice commands-I have to repeat my commands several times, and I practically have to yell at it in order for it to hear me.Also, the textured covering is a dust magnet-it's hard to keep clean, and I have 3 cats, so pet hair is drawn to it. The indicator light is too hard to see, so even with the vast improvement in sound, I only was able to add one more star.**Original Review*Hubby gifted me this dot for Xmas, and I was planning on upgrading my bedroom unit with this one and putting the old one in the bathroom. When I plugged in the new unit, I was disappointed with the thin sound quality- it sounded like one of those cheap off brand speakers you'd get at Walgreens for $5. No bass even after maxing it out in the app and putting it in a semi enclosed space that amplifies the sound. I listen to a lot of electronic music-dub techno in particular uses lots of sounds in the lower end of the audio spectrum, and on this unit they are barely audible. On my 3rd gen, the bass is full, rolling and impressive...I am very pleased with my older unit, so it's staying in my room while the new one will be relegated to the bathroom, where I will be using it to listen to news when I get ready for work.I also noticed some connection issues-I have the new and old units connected so I can go from one room to the other and have the same channel on- I can tell the bedroom unit to play a specific channel and it plays in the bedroom but the one in the bath won't respond unless I go in there and talk to it directly. Maybe I have to control it from the app. Also, if I do get it to play, it disconnects and shuts off on its own randomly. The design is too bulky and does nothing to improve the sound quality...the only plus is the buttons are much easier to access and more identifiable, so one extra star for that.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality of this new Echo Dot, 4th Generation, definitely missed the mark with sound.  Sadly, it sounds very tinny.  I’m surprised.  I’ve given 3rd Generation, small round, echo dots for gifts.  The sound between the two can’t compare.I should have gotten a remote, because when I ask Alexa to lower the music, it’s hard to get it low enough on the first try.  Also, when I use the little button on top to lower music, after awhile you can see a fingerprint.  That’s just oil on the hands being transferred.  I do use the Alexa App to change sound as well.To muffle the tinny sound, I take a Kleenex and wrap the round echo with the Kleenex.  The Kleenex is a buffer, it helps with the sound.  Makes the tinny sound not noticeable.I didn’t get 3rd generation because I wanted the new shape, and I thought I was getting updated quality.  Also, at the time I ordered the Round, 4th generation, the price was better and they had it in stock.  The 3rd generation echo dots were not available until after Christmas.I really depend on this little echo because I use it on my table right next to my chair in my family room.My 1st Generation Echo is in the living room.  It works perfectly,I ABSOLUTELY LOVE the “Everywhere “ feature!  It’s great to walk from room to room and hear the music you like, playing everywhere!The more I read my review, the more I realize I should just send it back and get the older model, the generation 3.And, I really do like the remotes, I’m going to get a remote for the echo dot.I’m kind of sad because I really like the look of the “round echo dot”.This boils down to “First World Problems”!  Geeessshhh!For me, it’s the sound that is not good.  Every other feature of the echo dot is perfect.The white round stand it’s on is a little round dessert dish turned upside down.  I just like the look of having the echo on a stand.Whether 4th generation echo dot is on stand or not, sound is still tinny.JMR.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Alexa's voice is way to muffled. It's as if they turned down the treble all the way and then added extra bass. Google's assistant devices seem to have sharper frequency response. I had the original Echo Dot and it sounded fine but after a while her voice also became muffled and distorted. I'm not sure if an Alexa update was responsible for that change or not. I was hoping this 4th generation Dot fixed the problem but unfortunately they did not.	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Su volumen es muy bajo	3	September 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It was great at first now it turns off my light when it wants and in the middle of the song it turns off.  It's frustrating	3	September 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	JUST WHAT I SAID THIRD GENERATION DOT WORKED BETTERIF YOU LIKE YELLING COMMANDS THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU!NOT GREAT!  DISAPPOINTING !	3	September 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	sorry I bought this one, I have a total of 5 Alexa devices and this is the ONLY one I have a problem with so I am guessing that Echo Dot (4th Gen) has a PROBLEM	3	August 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This works pretty good. We have it in our kitchen. We occasionally use it to listen to music while we cook. However, you can’t turn it up very loud as the speaker distorts for any low end (bass, kick drums) if you turn it up anything past fairly quiet. At a normal listening volume for me, low notes just barely start breaking up the speaker. Any louder and it sounds terrible. Keep it at low volumes or using for voice and it works great.	3	July 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Does not respond always	3	September 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I often have to tell it to turn the lights on or off several times before it responds.  No matter how clearly I enunciate, it often misunderstands what I'm saying.  It's better than nothing, but annoys me on a daily basis.	3	August 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This one doesn't respond too good like it can't hear me or something.	3	September 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I thought when I ordered it it said had clock but when I got it says no clock.  But it's useful but I have the dots and this is no different except it's round ball like.  If I knew no clock I'd have stuck with disk lole one cheaper and does same as other dot	3	August 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My Alexa have some connections issues when I users it for few months. The sound is good but not perfect. It smart but not too smart.  I hope it can support to more languages.	3	August 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Can’t just unplug and take it without the cord. Prime day sales. Looked at price and didn’t read about it.	3	September 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Got the wrong one I wanted the one with the clock but it’s okay I still like it	3	September 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Why on the earth does Amazon pair a white cable and adapter with a black Echo? Plus the adapter got a giant butt (2.6""L x 1.6""W x 1.5""H.) A device this small takes two slots on my power strip, unbelievable. Now Amazon forces me to buy a larger power strip. Is that what you planned Amazon?"	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My second generation is better than this one.	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It isn't as good as the third gen.	3	September 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Compared to other echo dots/minis, the audio quality for music is quite disappointing. So is the volume level. Even at full blast the music struggled to fill my kitchen, which is small (1200 sq ft house).  Very, very disappointed. It’s great if you’re not picky about audio quality or volume. Would highly recommend you rename it to Echo instead of Alexa so your neighbors don’t think you’re violently screaming at some chica fo stfu, turn the volume up/down, and all the other annoying things that it’s crappy microphone won’t hear you say correctly the first five times. Example; I asked it to pause the music  as I had a call coming it. It took “pause music” to mean “let’s change from Elvis to death metal screaming bands”.	3	June 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The Google Home is simply superior. Ive had several Google home minis for years and never had issues with them besides the annoying tone they can make and some occasional delay when pairing.I've had my 4th gen dot for a little over 3 months and a 3rd generation for half of that. The 3rd generation actually sounds better to me, and the 4th gen has already begun cutting out and has constant connectivity issues. I don't know if the speaker itself is already giving out or if it's the Bluetooth connectivity that drops and lags frequently, my bet is on the latter. Even as I write this, the 4th gen speaker shows as available to connect on my phone but refuses to actually connect and play music when I select it.I'll often have to play music ""Everywhere"", so on both Echo dots in my office and living room, before swapping to the 4th gen in my office. It often shows as unavailable to connect to, a problem which I haven't found any solutions to.I bought these during the mega sales because they were less expensive than Google home mini. Don't make the same mistake I did. For now, Google makes a far superior and still inexpensive smart speaker. Alexa is also simply worse than Google's smart integration, with unintuitive commands, inconsistent follow through on even the most basic requests, and frequent voice recognition errors."	1	November 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I have to give too much information to get a simple reply at times.  I thought this was supposed to be a ""smart"" device.  I'm not impressed so far."	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I picked up two of these during Prime Day.  They are ok for that discount price...would have returned them otherwise.One cuts in and out occasionally...When they work, they are Ok only.	3	August 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It will do what I need	3	September 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	She has a lot more aggressive “dings” than the last generation dots. Like, too aggro	3	September 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not happy with this Alexa at all. Dosen't work as we as the puck shaped one.. cranky voice. Dosen't take commands well.. goes off when no commands are give ..	3	August 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have a number of problems with this update. The inability to balance the speakers while in stereo mode is a huge one. Also, adjusting the equalizer, specifically the treble, disconnects the speaker group from the home stereo. Only way to fix it is to unpair and then repair and then create the group all over again. Plus, they will just randomly unpair on their own, requiring a complete reset of each dot.  I’ve just for one day, and have had to reset the system 12 times already.  Lastly, I do not understand the decision to box the black charcoal echo dot with a white power cable. That doesn’t make any sense at all to me. It’s very distracting and looks terrible on my nightstand. I hope Amazon listens and fixes all of these issues. At this point there is no reason that any of these should exist.	3	May 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have several other echo dots, not of the 4th generation, and they have been wonderful! I ordered two black ones as those fit with our décor the best. They arrived and I was excited to take them out of the box and plug them in only to find out the power cord is white. WHITE. Sorry - not a good look. I would like black power cords please!	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Super disappointing, Echo has almost become a useless home decor item. At least I can ask the time and set an alarm,,?MAJOR PROBLEMS- Voice recognitionVoice recognition Alexa just doesn't work, at time you start yelling and its just embarrassing.You'll spend your time begging Alexa to not play a song, or to stop blasting country music because she thought you said so.Think of it as a rowdy toddler and burnt out mother relationship.- PAYWALL FOR EVERYTHING/ subscription for musicIf you do have a song you like theres a 95% chance its on Amazon Music. If you don't have the money to pay 10 dollars a month for a service you'd only use like a few times a week, this is not a good device for you.No work around either, making it a pretty useless device.If you insist on having it, use it as a wifi extender or a bluetooth speaker. Dont give in and pay for the service, thats 120$ a year just to listen to some music.Hop on youtube on your phone and cast.Im a college student, i barely have enough to buy ramen dude	2	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I am not sure  why but I often have to repeat my voice  command  more than once with this model.  It's almost as if it's been muffled with the new design.	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This has been stuck in update mode for 4 days. NOTHING has worked.	3	September 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Shorter cord and white instead of black to match device.  Not thrilled!!!	3	September 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Don ' t like the sound , the eco dot 2 sound most better	3	September 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have 2 other 2nd generation Dots. This 4th generation is very disappointing.It is bigger and more intrusive, which I wouldn't mind if the audio quality was better, but it is not.Alexa's voice is less crisp and has a muffled quality, even after turning up the Treble and turning down the Bass.I don't know if they though music would sound better, but for music I Bluetooth to a decent soundbar or decent speakers. For Alexa interactions I want the clearest crispest dialogue voice possible!	3	July 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It works. But I’m latina and every time I want to play a Spanish song it don’t pick up on the song and plays other stuff or just stops listening. It also sometimes just stops playing randomly.	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It does what it’s supposed to. However I thought I’d be able to adjust the volume by voice control, which I can’t. I have to use the volume controls on the device itself.	3	August 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Bought this because I wanted another Echo for the guest room. Figured that the latest “generation” would be worth the extra $$. It’s not. No difference that I can see. Sound quality is supposed to be better but doesn’t appear to be. A bit disappointed. Upside: like my other Echo Dot (3rd generation) it was very easy to install.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like it. It functions like the prior generation. Except, this one doesn't hear as well as the last generation. But, it could be that the last gen's hearing is too good. That thing has Superman's listening ability, whereas I at times have to raise my voice with this latest version.	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have to constantly plug it out and back in cuz it stops replying.  It also has a hard time hearing and following commands. I have 3rd gen echo dot and honestly I think it works better.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The more on-line services you have, the greater the functionality. Beware the Echo has access to your Amazon account and credit card. Almost any family member including children that have their voice linked also have access too. I can't prove it, but we suspect the Echo actively listens to us all of the time. We do not care. However, if privacy is extremely important, think twice before obtaining this product.	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	More than my other Alexas, this one acts like Alex, translation, a deaf man that ignores me a good chunk of the time.  Unless the room is totally quiet, I find myself screaming at her, repeatedly.  The sound is good.  And she is very pretty.  But my older, several years old Alexa that she replaced was more willing to have a conversation.  And this one is sitting on her light, so it is not oblivious when she actually is listening.	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Setting up multiple Echo devices is an absolute nightmare. If you just have one it is OK. If you have more than one, the devices won't connect properly. I have connected with support, online forums, etc. and have found no solutions. Avoid this product!!!UPDATE: I have discovered multiple reviews of consumers who have mesh systems who have had similar problems. So, I don't know if there are similar problems with people who have other types of routers. However, this is apparently a common issue with mesh routers. None of the solutions provided by Amazon, including forums, provide any real help.UPDATE: I finally solved the problem by doing a full factory reset on all ​devices and completely reinstalling all devices. For good measure, I deleted and reinstalled the app. The system is now working. If you have a mesh system (and perhaps other systems) and you are setting up an ECHO device, DO NOT ADD IT TO A GROUP DURING SETUP. I would suggest not creating groups with ECHO devices. Groups with other devices seem to work fine. The devices are OK, but the app is a disaster.UPDATE: This is still a disaster. DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE. It will not connect with other Echo devices. ESPECIALLY DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE IF YOU HAVE A MESH SYSTEM. They will not connect with each other. I have done all the things that support suggested and they do not work. DO NOT BUY!!!UPDATE: After many factory resets on devices and Wi-Fi resets along with deleting and reinstalling the app several times, I am able to get three speakers to connect on a multiple-room music group. However, three others won't join, no matter what else I do. When I try to add the other three I get a network error message, even though all devices are on the same network and all are connected to the network and working (i.e., they will execute commands). I can even play music on the Everywhere group that includes other three devices if I give the command through one of the devices showing network error. This is reported by many people on the internet and is clearly an app bug that should be fixed.	1	August 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I loved my Echo Dots, really.  I was gifted my first, purchased a second and then a third.  I brought the third, newest to my condo in Florida for the winter (as I had previously with my second).  So far, so good, no problems.  Echo Dot was on sale:  I'll buy a second one for my condo (Echo Dot #4), they are so great!  Arrived yesterday and was almost too easy to set up.  Alexa did not ask me no to use app to set it up.  Problems began. Started playing news and music back at my home in the north.  I know bc my spouse would call me to complain that the Echo Dots in Main House were playing as well as Sonos speakers.  Newest Echo Dot was not playing in Snowbird Condo even though command issued from it.  Re-booted, seemed to fix it for awhile.  Then problem migrated to Echo Dot 3 (brought south from Main House) and would not play NPR here.  It played it up north to disturb my spouse.  Spent a lot of time trouble-shooting, thought it was fixed.  And then it still would not play NPR station (from home town) in condo, only in Main House even though command issued from Snowbird Condo.  I tried to get rid of groups, etc. but this is getting absurd.  I fear disturbing my spouse up north, can't get the news down here and wasting a lot of time.  Some new software upgrades have made Alexa too smart for me and it looks like too smart for Alexa.  Since last sentence I spent more time dickering with settings within the app, rebooting (press the button unrelated to volume on top) to reconfigure.  By removing all labeling of rooms but getting it to prompt me for home locations, I finally got it to function here.  My spouse unplugged all devices up north but I suspect they will no longer play there.  It was not trivial to fix.  Then I'm old but I've worked with computers since 1968....	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Has amazing sound; but it needs improvement with device connectivity...And Alexa should have a separate login credential rather than be linked to the user's private information shared with Amazon...	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this 4th Gen Echo Dot to use in my office. I already have a 3rd Gen Echo Dot there, so this gave me the opportunity to play the same material through one or the other and compare performance between the two. To say I'm disappointed is an understatement. The 4th Gen audio is tinny and lacks presence. In addition, it's significantly quieter for a given volume level (i.e., 50% on a 4th Gen is easily 25% quieter than 50% on a 3rd Gen). In terms of something positive, both units do fine at recognizing my voice, the wake word, commands, and so on, and Alexa functionality is unchanged.So, if you're wanting to have full audio that has good presence and a reasonably flat EQ curve for a normal sized room, definitely save your money and go with the 3rd Gen Echo Dot. If, on the other hand, you have a small room that has problems with lower frequency background noise, then maybe the 4th Gen Echo Dot might be better for you.Pros:Pleasant visual aestheticLight-ring is at bottom so it's reflecting off the surface you have the Dot on, not off the ceilingPower-saving mode when not in use (with a few exceptions)Easy setup/Alexa integrationMicrophone is sufficiently sensitiveCons:Poor audio quality (tinny, not very present sounding) compared to 3rd Gen DotMinimal bass even with EQ turned up in the Alexa appTaller than 3rd Gen DotCord/Plug is white even though the unit is black, so it's super noticeable (and not in a good way)Seems to have low overall volume compared to 3rd Gen DotWill only stereo/multi-pair with other 4th Gen Dots (and Subwoofer)Recommendation:If you're going to be listening to audio through your Dot (either Bluetooth or streaming), stick with the 3rd Generation Echo Dot model. There's no compelling reason to downgrade to a 4th Gen Dot.	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I cannot figure out a way to make my Alexa to quit telling me to purchase things from Amazon!!! I paid money for this product only for its parent company to try and sell me more stuff through it. Seems to me that if Amazon is going to provide me with what amounts to commercials, they should just send out the echoes for free!?	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Searched for wireless speaker on Amazon and this popped up. Posed question if it was wireless - repeated positive answers.It isn't.	3	August 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I would like to know how to change that yellow color .. which is rather dull for a good item	3	August 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound and normal stuff is great.  Instructions suck. No logical explanations on how to do things. I thought it would sync with another one I have, but only one speaks at a time. Not what I was expecting. At least it was cheap.	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Mal sonido en música y el reconocimiento de voz falla mucho	3	September 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This is my 3rd Echo. It stutters, gives the wrong weather information, tells me I have a notification yet doesn’t say what it is, and doesn’t have answers to simple questions. I need to unplug it on a regular basis to reboot it. I don’t recommend it.	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Yes, it looks prettier than the 3rd echo dot but quality wise it’s a downgrade.The speaker is worse than the generation before and somehow Alexa does not recognize my usual requests properly.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	For some reason they added a white cable with the black device. Seems like a poor decision. The device itself is ok. It doesn't really hear me any better than the 3rd gen dot that I have. My room is about 15'x15' and I had to get 2 dots just to hear me no matter where I am in the room.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I've asked Alexa to turn the treble all the way up and the bass all the way down. I'm not sure she actually did it. It still sounds like one of those DJs who have their voices super processed with plenty of bass. When I ask Alexa for the name of a song, it's mfpmf mfpfm mf[fms. Most of the time I can't understand a single thing she says. I ask her to turn the volume down. She says, ""Turn the volume down, would you like to mpfmf mpgfm mfpsfsm?"" I just say yes because I have no idea what she's talking about. Not only that, at random times she utters some incomprehensible crap, but she's upstairs in the bathroom and I'm downstairs in the living room.It's also very hard of hearing. I'm six feet away, ""Alexa . . . . Alexa . . . . . Alexa . . . . turn the volume down."" Nothing. ""Alexa . . . . Alexa . . . . turn the volume up."" The volume increases two notches. ""Alexa . . . . Alexa . . . . next."" Nothing. This POS is quite non responsive."	2	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is the first one of this generation I have purchased. The sound quality is not as good as my echos from past generations. It sounds muffled.	3	August 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	- Avg sound quality- Can play songs other then amazon configured apps- most annoying are amazon unlimited ads whenever you ask to play a song	3	August 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not plug and play.  To make it worse App will not download to desk top.Will not call 911  or a non emergency local police or fire department  phone number.	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	TuneIn has made the ill-conceived idea to air preroll audio ads over Alexa smart speakers, so each time you try to access a station on TuneIn with an Echo device, you wind up having to hear a 30 second preroll ad. Had I known TuneIn was going to implement these ads, I wouldn't have even bothered to purchase the two Echo devices I have. Both Amazon and TuneIn have turned deaf ears to complaints from Echo purchasers concerning these ads. I won't be buying any more Echo devices.	3	July 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I’m not too impressed. It’s not life changing or anything.	3	September 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It doesn’t understand me at all	3	September 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought this hoping it would be an upgrade over my Gen 2 Echo Dot, but not so much. It sometimes simply can't hear me, when my Dot never had any problem. The speaker is of much better quality than the DOt.	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We bought two of these for our house. They make nice paperweights, I guess. Haha. They tell me when a package has arrived. That’s about it. I had to turn off all the annoying suggestions and prompts. They drove us crazy. Guess we don’t need assistance with anything. The device seems made well. It’s just pretty useless. We forget we have them until a package is delivered, and we usually have the package before the notification comes in. So if you like to be reminded that you’ve already received a package, then Alexa is the device for you!	3	June 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I can compare this speaker against Google Nest 2. It is probably fairly good product if you can speak loud to it, and set it so it is 'directionally' oriented toward you. I used to have Nest 2 (gave to my son) and the only reason I bought this one is because we do have Amazon Music subscription. Speaker is next to our bad, and suppose to be used as 'calmer' for falling asleep and for alarms. It has major problem: it's directional, so when laying in your bad EXPECT MUFFLED sound due to fact it's 'shooting' trebles 45deg up!! The only way to have very quiet music with comfort clear sound it to tilt it which is 'mission impossible'... I'm going to return it and give a try with Dot 3 to see if that sounds any better. For day listening it's probably very good, but for night time, bigger speaker has deeper bass, to much of it despite I moved level to lowest through the app. For falling asleep you don't want to have speaker sounding to deep (due to its size). So depending on application.. it's not versatile unless you don't care about directional listening with louder volumes.. You go to high it's getting distorted sound.. I call it not best, and for the same sake Nest 2 simply is a better product. I'm not sure why people give it so many starts. Must be they don't care or never had neck to neck both speakers...	3	September 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have this Echo Dot 4 sitting in my living room, when I call it (really loud), the one in the bedroom (old Echo Dot 3) responds, but this one does not.	3	August 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa won’t hear me unless I use a lower tone. That is annoying enough, but I can barely hear responses because Alexa’s tone is so low. It sounds exactly like someone talking through a cloth mask. The Dot is centered within  a custom built A/V sound system. If I could send the sound through my system without having to buy a receiver just for the Dot my opinion would slightly change.	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I haven’t really used it enough to judge.	3	September 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound is a lot better than earlier models which is great because it's a lot taller. The worst part is that it has a proprietary barrel charger...like the mess of charging cell phones in the early 2000s. I have a dozen usb-c cables and charing bricks. Why did they take a big step backwards with the 4th generation?	3	July 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Pienso que en nuestro particular uso en el idioma español...hace muchas preguntas con cosas que cotidianamente las decimos con normalidad y ella no las logra sintetizar	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Keeps disconnecting from my phone randomly	3	September 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	A veces reconoce la voz a veces no , a veces encuentra la musicsa que pides a veces no, funcionamiento integral 2.5 de 5. En otras palabras trabaja bien a veces ( las menos ) y te decepciona casi siempre	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I spent some time trying to figure out what to say, but this top-rated review says it best! I agree with it.""I purchased this as I always do with the latest and greatest echo devices. This was a sour Disappointment for someone who is used to amazon improving on their devices yearly.Complaints:1. They shipped my Black echo, with a WHITE cord, In the past the cord color matched the device, why change?2. The charger is Noticeably larger and cheaper looking, sporting rounded corners and a bulky design.3. The sound quality vs my 2nd Gen Dot has actually gotten worse. This speaker lacks bass and is very ""hollow"" sounding. The gen 2 speaker blows the gen 3 out of the water, IMO they majorly cheaped out to get you other features like an Ai core and a bulkier bigger device, in bigger packaging, requiring more shiping cost, a poor trade off for quality.4. Its fabric mesh, and construction seem cheaper than previous generations, it is significantly lighter than a previous gen (my guess is a small speaker magnet and more airspace due to its odd shape)5. Its small, i thought the ball was cool, big and substantially, Like a speaker should be, but its tennis ball sized and looks like a childs toy, or a cheap bluetooth speaker you got for $5.....6. It has this awful ""sheen"" to the plastic that makes it look like some Chinese garbage product....7. The buttons feel awful and cheap compared to previous generations.Pros:It has underglow now.Overall its clear this product was rushed, or had a strict budget in which a lot of its features, and quality were stripped. The gen2 dots are amazing, and if you weren;t going to make them better, why release a gen 3?It costs more, its much much worse in basically every category, and in my opinion, is a complete fail. Its supreme selling a brick because you want it. Buy a gen2, you'll be happier"	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This softball sided unit was down to $19.00 during prime days. It needed to be. The sound quality is not as good as the previous hockey puck version. I have both now running simultaneously together with iheart radio. It took some doing to link both in a group. The voice link it buggy but the app works every time. The command features are the same as the previous versions.	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Regular	3	September 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The product was great but I did not receive the smart bulb that was supposed to come with it on Amazon days. That was the reason I bought it, it was a package deal. I didn't really NEED another Alexa, but with the bulb, it was a great deal. I was ripped off.	3	July 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was excited to get the new dot for my house. The third gens all sound awesome, a huge step up from second gen. I thought this would be the same. The quality of sound is the same, if not worse, than the second gen. So disappointed.	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This newer model has inferior voice recognition sensors compared to the original. This was my 5th purchase of an Amazon echo, so I expected a superior product to the original. Although the speaker's sound generation is superior to the original, the voice recognition isn't as good.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is subpar. I can be 3 feet from it and either have to yell or continue to call it over and over till it realizes I am calling it’s name. I am about to go back to the older one I have.	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The echo is fine, exactly what I expected. Works fine. But, really? A WHITE CORD??? OMG! I saw that on other reviews but thought surely those were a few isolated incidents. Amazon, you need to make it right & send us black cords. I took the black cord off my Dot (which is now in the lower level) and put it on the new Echo for the main level. Argh! So wrong!	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality could be better, & recognition could be better	3	September 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This does nothing different that my phone that has Google.	3	September 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I'm only giving it a medium rating because the charging prong is bent on the inside and cannot be charged without a base. I so happened to have purchased a base so charging has not been a problem. I received my echo dot free as a promotion for something so I didn't bother sending it back, but it works fine.	3	July 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have vision issues and appreciate not having to find my phone to ask a question. But my favorite pastime is to listen to audio file books from the Blind association.  I would think something this popular would allow access to this app. So many disabled people would benefit from this being available. I hope they consider this.	3	July 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have the previous generation and it sounds a lot louder and clearer than this 4th generation.	3	August 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I don't think there was any sound Improvement from the 3rd gen,, and I really don't care for the ball shape. I think you should quit trying to be cool and just stick to improving functionality. The light ring being on the bottom is a hindrance to me because I have it on a nightstand next to my bed with other things nearby hiding the light ring. So I can never tell if she is hearing me or not. I Hope Sound is better I am going to take it to my studio and swap it out with an echo dot that's giving me recent trouble there.	3	June 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Price of these was excellent on Prime Day I purchased for teenagers for Christmas. I prefer my Echo Shows	3	August 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Works okay, wouldn’t go out of my way to recommend this as a purchase. Its ability is limited without making your whole house adaptable to use the Dot	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I really like Echo products and Alexa in general but the speakers on this item are terrible, even with tuning in the Alexa app, and while it *can* connect to Bluetooth or AUX speakers, that's not ideal for a device that is (1) in my living room without room for another speaker, and (2) supposed to be a smart *speaker* itself. In my opinion, if a speaker doesn't sound good, don't buy. That's just me though, and yes, I know it was a cheap speaker so I'm not upset or anything. The main reason for my 3 stars is because Alexa's voice on this thing is so muffled I have to have the volume at 5 to hear her voice that sounds like she is wearing 25 masks so I can't use her at night because 5 is so loud that even just the sound of her muffling would wake everyone up. Also, placement is key as the microphones aren't that great. I have to be very loud when I call Alexa and pause for a few seconds after I say her name or she'll think I was talking to someone else and turn off, something Siri or Google Assistant don't do. I find myself asking her the same question 2 - 3 times before having her answer for this reason. It's an amazing device, don't get me wrong. Just not as convenient and ""fit into your life"" as Amazon makes it seem. This is most certainly a device that will drive non-techie people insane if they try to use. For this reason, I am the only one in my home who uses Alexa and everyone else strictly only uses the HomePods in our home because Siri is just easier to use, despite being arguably less knowledgable."	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got this on sale for 19, gave to say that’s all it’s worth. Having trouble dropping in now to devices.	3	August 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have 3 alexa dots. One came and the clock display doesn't show up	3	August 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Mishears more often than not. If it can't answer your question, there's at least a 50% chance it's going to play some horrid random song you've never heard of and will pray you never have to hear again. Tells outright lies and falsehoods when asked questions more often than it actually answers questions. Does things out of the blue for no apparent reason, and doesn't have any kind of ""undo whatever you just did"" command. Will obey the same command the same way twenty times then tell you it""doesn't know that."" Way more headache, irritation,and frustration than it's worth. Buy a Google Nest instead. Alexa isa useless joke."	2	November 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It came free with serious xm . Never set up. I have no clue. I do have Google hub thing. I love that it was a gift. It has a screen and I view my photos on it. I have watched a few movies on it to. Kind of a tablet but not mobile. Look.into.that .	3	July 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	it's bad. i have to speak louder for the echo to hear me. would not recommend.Gen 3 are the best.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This particular unit is very slow to respond. Sometimes doesn't respond at all and the Alexa on the next floor responds.	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Dont wet me wrong its a good upgrade but i wich it could have a beter sound.	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	so far I haven't found this device to be useful. The information it provides is sometimes not related to my question and it often gives some not helpful suggestion.	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Very disappointed. It's not that loud, and when I have it turned all the way up for music the sound cracks. When I play games, for example trivia games, it says I get the answers wrong even if I get them right. If the answer is ""Tuesday"" it will tell me ""sorry, the answer is Tuesday"" even though I said it. And when I listen to music it always stops playing after a few songs"	3	July 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It came with the news on it and took awhile to get Alexa to stop playing the News and it was supposed to have Amazon music free for 6 months but didn't	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It's an Alexa. It works fine. I do not like having to download an all for an item that is supposed to function without but what can you do	3	August 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Difícil decir que me agradó ya que no supera a la edición anterior y no es agradable escuchar el tono de voz de esta 4ta generación, sin mencionar que casi nunca entiende lo que uno le dice	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It understood my commands but the speaker quality was not that good	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Update: Jan1, 2022  I really like it for the most part. I have used it to set timers and reminders and that works great on both. What I don't like is Whan I set a reminder on one, it doesn't announce on the other Echo device. Not very handy it you happen to be out of hearing range of it. I got two so I would be able to use the system in both ends of the house. I know you can go into the app and change it but that is inconvenient and I'm not sure it works.On another note, the audio is not as clear as advertised. The female voice is muffled quite a bit. The man's voice is clearer but not great. Music played is satisfactory.I took 2 stars off because of the quality of voice sounds and not being able to set on both devices at the same time.So far we love it. We don't have any devices setup yet but they are coming.Don't know why the ring at the bottom stays on sometimes in amberish color. Sometimes it spins, others it just sits there doing nothing. Other times it goes comletely dark.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I mainly use this device as a speaker, and I can't help but notice the sound quality is lower than the 3rd generation model. Not related to the quality, but the cord is white. I feel that's a bit tacky for a black device.	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I got this item for free (so why complain), however, it does not work with my android samsung smart phone except to play some music (but I don't need it for that) and I was hoping it would play my Youtube video music, but it doesn't. It recognizes the Alexa app but only for Sirius radio which again is not all that helpful. It does not really integrate with my Vizio TV other than to lower or raise the volume, which is a nice option but I cannot use it to change channels or search for shows, so what is the point? I don't subscribe to Apple TV, or Amazon Prime TV, so I mainly use it to listen to Youtube videos through my IPad which is a good way to take advantage of a speaker. Beyond that, I see no real use for it. I don't have any ""smart home"" devices."	3	April 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes voice recognition is slow or getting mismatches compared to google/Siri..Results could have been much better than now !	3	August 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My Echo Dot finally encountered the much dreaded blue ring of death (similar to the blue screen of death on PCs), where the Dot can no longer boot successfully and will perpetually show a circulating blue halo and be unresponsive to any commands. After trying multiple reboots, trying different chargers, and even resetting the device, I've had no luck and concluded the Dot is now a dud. As to how this happened, I suspect a software update failed to be properly auto-installed, leading to the bricking of the device. Either that, or planned obsolescence was carried out thru this update. After purchasing many Echos in my home, I am no longer comfortable expanding my Echo lineup, afraid that other Echos will encounter the same problem.	2	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I got this exclusively to control smart plugs for my living room lights.  the Alexa voice audio quality sucks so bad.  really muffled.  even after increasing treble to max and bass and mid to minimum, it still sounds like she is speaking from inside a dull box.  annoying.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Comparing this to the Echo Dot v3 (the last puck-shaped model):There is very slightly more bass, which is nice, and the speaker is more directional (i.e. it comes from a certain side of the sphere, so you can point it in a particular direction, as opposed to the v3, which emanates from all sides at once), and that is a plus, because it is a bit easier to understand the Alexa voice (provided you are located in the direction that the speaker is pointed).However, the internal microphone appears to be much less sensitive than the one in the v3, so I am finding I have to speak much louder than I did with the v3 for it to even register that I’m speaking at all. I find this to be a major downfall — with the v3, it was remarkable how if it was anywhere in the same room, I could just speak at a normal volume, and it seemed to always hear me. With this v4, I have to raise my voice to almost a yell, even when I’m only a few feet away.In my opinion, other than the pleasing spherical shape, the slightly stronger bass and slightly better intelligibility of the Alexa voice, I see almost no reason to favor this over the v3. And if I understand correctly from reading about both, I don’t even think there’s any added functionality with the v4 over the v3 (feel free to correct me if I’m wrong about that).I bought this at a good discount during Prime weekend, but if the discounts on both v3 and v4 were still in place, I would exchange this for another v3 in a heartbeat.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Works pretty well in a smaller room.  Doesn't have the sound quality of it's big brothers.  I feel like it misses it's wake word more than the others.  Overall not bad though.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Nice black echo device comes with mismatched white plug. Looks like scraps put together to make a complete product. I’d skip this hot mess and just get another device.	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This is the 4th Alexa device we have and I feel that the speaker is the worst. It also doesn't seem to pick up voice recognition as well as our older dots.	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The old 3rd gen puck heard me all the time this thing I have to yell at	3	August 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Don't like that I have to speak fairly loud for it to recognize that I'm talking to it.	3	August 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The set up was easy, the design is nice but the sound quality is poor.	3	August 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	When you use Bluetooth Connect to my phone play the music the voice is so low. Can’t even hear it.	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This device does not always follow instructions and just sits there with the light spinning and then just shuts off.	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Increíble que no tenga baterías recargables y el software de Alexa es poco amistoso!!!!	3	August 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This thing is so stupid. Ask it anything and it can't answer.  Junk junk	3	August 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I had to reset my Alexa because it wouldn’t connect to the WiFi, despite pairing to my phone. However, at every turn during set up, when it would say something, it would be repeated in no less than 4 languages. I’m all for accessibility, but I can’t listen to French and Spanish Alexa anymore	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sounds quality is greatly improved, but when I play sleep sounds for my children overnight it either cuts off completely or intermittently cuts in and out.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It was great until it stopped working for no reason. No lights, not a crackle.	3	August 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The reason for the three stars is simple. After installing this new unit and going thru renaming etc to get them all online I said Alexa play Phil Collins everywhere. I checked all the units and found my bedroom with this new unit was not playing any sound. The unit was indeed in the group everything but not a peep. A call to tech support to find out what the issue was and was told it, unlike the previous version would not play any sound while it was using a blue tooth connection. Once blue tooth was stopped the speaker came alive sounding like crap. After my chat I decided to try something on my own. I was still in the bedroom so I told Alexa to stop playing the music. Once that was done I asked her to play music everywhere and when the music started she was playing the music using the blue tooth speaker. So if I want to play music everywhere I have to go to my bedroom and start it from there or start it elsewhere and, well you know. Tech support says that's the way it functions. I remarked that was stupid and that it should be changed ASAP since a lot of folks that have these do the same things I do and they won't be happy. Today support was not helpful again this thing is still a piece of crap always dropping off the network. They do nothing but ask me to do the same things over and over and still it works for awhile then drops off the network. I’ve been trying for months to get this resolved with no resolution. They have this think where they are always asking to restart my router. I would really like to slap the next one that asks me to do that since it doesn’t do any good the unit will only start working again for a short time.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	You call out and she asked to repeat your request all the time. Call out for Alexa she lights up and then goes out, this  happened several times. Finally she gets the information incorrect. I really miss my generation three.	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"We have various Echo products throughout home and work. We've never had problems with the puck shaped Dots; however, this one is less responsive to the wake up word and commands. We even returned the 1st one we received, thinking it was a problem with just that particular Dot. The 2nd one has proven just as frustrating. The sound quality is worse than all other Echo forms that we've had.  Yes, we previously had an Echo device in the same spot without any frustration or troubles until it died during a storm. There are no redeeming qualities associated with this version. If I hadn't bought it on Prime Day at a good price, I would definitely return it for a different version of Echo.UPDATE 8/11/21I spoke on the phone w Caitlan B from Amazon twice (she's awesome). She said to reply to the email from her with an update after trying all of her suggestions and that a member of her team would receive my reply. I've tried to reply to that email as a simple reply and as a forwarded message; however, both versions were returned to me by ""nobody@bounces.amazon.com"". Since we have continued to have issues with our new Dot, I am adding my attempt at follow up below.good afternoon -when i last spoke w Caitlan, she suggested sending an update as a reply to the email we received from her & said that someone from her team would receive it - of note, we are still having issues w our new Dotwe performed the reset a few times and followed all suggestions from Caitlani believe we have given the device ample time to adjust to our voices & for us to adjust our interaction w itCaitlan was wonderful to work w & we appreciate her patience w helping us w some questions about our Show; however, even her best efforts weren't enough to resolve our frustrations w our new Dotexamples -while in the shower, i can give a command to my puck Dot (located on the bathroom counter) that it obeys w/o hesitationwe can whisper from the kitchen & the Show that is 2 rooms away will grant our requestBUT forward or reverse facing, the 3 of us can't get the new Dot to stop the alarm or turn off the timer or play a song or reveal the weather w/o asking 3-5 times in most casesthis is annoyingif we hadn't bought this at a good price during Prime Day, i would throw it out of the window & buy a different versionour family owns at least a dozen Echo devices - this is the only version that we have ever been disappointed byCaitlan - thanks for trying"	2	July 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I did not like the fact that I had to buy it to replace the same model, only used for months, when it failed	3	August 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	does not give proper output	3	August 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	A bit disappointed that the clock LED light is not part of this model. But I guess that explained the discounted price.	3	August 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound recognition on this echo dot Is drastically worse than it’s predecessor	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Just to stop the requests !It looks good, has some weight to it, what does that mean... really nothing, but it feel like quality.I do not have Alexa as yet, well will see once it is used.	3	July 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I got this for music. Small problem, to have alexa just play the music you want you have to have an amazon music unlimited subscription, and even if you do she shills the 10 buck version as well. Have fun spending an extra 10 bucks for something that should come in the base package	3	July 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like the new echo, but some basic features are not working. For example, voice recognition. I have to use the wake word 2 or 3 times most times to get echo to hear me now. Very annoying. Also the light is at the bottom, making it much more difficult to see if echo is listening.	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Tiene varias funciones que son útiles pero creo que se puede mejorar la experiencia con una mejor inteligencia artificial.	3	August 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Horrible item 8 believe I got one that is defective, have called several times,, but all they want to do is try to troubleshoot  but still having the same isses,.I use it to play ocean sounds to fall asleep but it cuts in and out and won't hold the volume I set. I'm very disappointed in this product and when I asked if I could exchange all they want to do is troubleshooting and never  works I do a lot of shopping with Amazon  but lately I've been very  disappointed with the customer service.  I'm a senior and On a fixed income and to have to pay for a product that does not work  corrected is very disheartening, especially when it's an Amazon item	2	October 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound is to low	3	August 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes she doesn’t listen to what I ask her to do something. She literally hears me call or scream her name and ignores me.	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Got this for free with my Sirius XM subscription. Dont really use it much. Have had it tell me some lame jokes and played music trivia with it. But other than that I dont have much use for it. May give it to a relative at this rate.	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Frequently does not hear us speaking normally from 10 feet away.  This was not an issue with our previous model.	3	August 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	better audio than the echo dot, but you get what you pay for.  Lots of bass for so small a package.  No tone controls.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Updated review 05/28/2022:This is one of the most annoying tech devices we've ever owned.- The voice recognition is poor, at best.- It continually tries to 'upsell' products and subscription services.  You can barely ask it to do anything, without being told that's a paid feature, or requires yet *another* monthly subscription at *only* fifteen or so bucks per month.- If you have Amazon Prime, it'll play *some* music, but most everything you want requires *another* subscription, to Amazon music.- If you use it as a bluetooth speaker, it constantly interrupts whatever it's doing to announce ""PLAYING FROM [DEVICE]!"" when ever whatever device is connected to it beeps.  And when you *do* want to play something through it, you frequently have to stop and start whatever feed you're playing, after it connects.  ""PLAYING FROM [DEVICE]!""  ((silence.))  Restart feed.  *Then* it plays through the dot.- It can't set reminders properly.  If the reminder has a name before it, the reminder becomes ""NAME""  aaaand that's it.  No reminder.  You have to go into the app and manually edit and type-out the body of the reminder message.- (Most annoyingly) The flash briefing -- It's supposed to be customizable.  But Amazon has 'sweetheart' sources that can't be deleted nor disabled.  Don't like Reuters news?  Tough.  You're going to listen to it.  Same with the New York Times.  And you *don't* want three ESPN podcasts in your morning briefing?  Sucks to be you.  Tell it to disable them, as sources.  ""[SOURCE] isn't enabled.""  ((Continues playing source that's supposedly not enabled.))  Try to disable it through the app?  It isn't listed.  There's *no* way to get rid of them.  Apparently, because Amazon makes money off forcing you to listen to things you don't want to listen to.- It's supposed to be able to make calls, in a limited fashion.  Nope.  ""Alexa. call [contact.]""  ""There is a [unrelated restaurant] at [location.]  but I can't make the call on this device.  Would you like me to send this to your phone?""  No.  I  wanted to call a contact.  ""Alexa, call a telephone number.""  ""Which phone number, contact or device do you want to call?"" ""[Number.]""  ""Sorry, I can't call a 'phone number.""  Look in the app settings.  Everything's set correctly, according to the manual.Luckily, I got the dammed thing as part of a free promotion.  I hate to think that I might've actually paid money for something this useless and poorly designed.  It'll likely be relocated to the trash bin, come next collection day.Save your money.  Buy something that works.  This thing doesn't."	1	March 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I can't get it to recognize my Samsung TV.	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I asked for another dot for a different part of the house, I just opened the box en found a white cord with my black Echo....why?I haven't try this one yet but very disappointed of how it looks. I will update when I test the item.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I am having trouble setting up lights to it for automatic turn on by voice recognition.	3	August 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Right off the bat with taking it out of the box, a white cord??  Why?? On a positive note, and maybe the only one, I like the shape and was excited because it was advertised as having a better sound quality. Um, NO it does not. It has a tin-like sound. Sometimes it doesn't respond and I have to shout and I am sitting 2 feet away. It also, every other day or so, has trouble connecting to the internet. At first I thought maybe I need to go through set-up again. I did that and it did not work. So I unplugged it for a half hour or so and when I plugged it back in, it was fine. It happens enough to be really frustrating. She will say ""I'm having trouble connecting to the internet"" and when I go check my other 3 dots, they are fine and connected. But I always have to unplug this one to give it a rest I guess. I am returning it.I previously rated this one star. I was so disappointed with the product because I had such high hopes. I think it is unfair of me to have given such a low rating that I have decided to change it to a 3 star rating. I still have the problems I described above, but I use this device everyday and 9 times out of 10 I don't have a problem. I am still disappointed in the sound and the white cord but the biggest thing is the connectivity issue and I don't see this problem in other reviews. Hopefully it will work itself out, but all I do is unplug it for a half hour and it works fine,, until the next time it does it. My other 3 echos are fine and have no issues."	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Their music filters suck big time. Every time I ask for any genre of music Amazon music Tru Alexa plays whatever she wants. For example you ask for gothic music, symphonic metal or Gothic Metal. It starts playing evanescence. WTF. Evanescence is Rock. I see it plays whatever is popular regardless of the genre. I ask for acoustic guitar music, trap, or modern classical music or it plays pop music. So I gave up and I started using this device as a speaker but the volume controls are independent from my devices volume controls. And to access to the I have to get into many steps Inside the app. Or ask Alexa to volume up three of four times. So the device doesn't even work as a practical speaker. If you sent up an everyday alarm and then you ask to deactivate tomorrow's alarm it says you don't have any alarm set. Another feature I find annoying is that if it is connected to your phone and you have an alarm in your phone set it will first yell at you something like ""Michael's phone connected"" and then it will play the alarm. I don't know why people love this thing then it is not very useful.On the good side it has good music quality. And I suppose it is easier to connect between different devices. You just need to get the heck of it be mind full of the very limited commands it has."	2	April 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I actually like the spherical design of the New Echo Dot. It fits well almost anywhere. It is simplistic and the fabric-like material makes it look a bit more classy. The buttons do cheapen the design a bit but that can be overlooked. I do not understand why the charcoal version comes with a white power cord (cut costs?), but it does limit where it can be placed. If you are already in the Amazon ecosystem, setting it up is a breeze. If not, then there's some paying around to be done with the mobile app.The Echo Dot works just as well as its full-size sisters. It recognizes my commands consistently, albeit sometimes does not address the actual question (but that's more on Amazon's engine, though). I am still trying to figure out how to work 3 echos together -just weird that I cannot do that straight out of the box.My biggest complaint is the sound. My my, I was blown away by how bad it is! I mean, it sounds almost as bad as my phone's speakers. There is no bass at all. Everything sounds tinny and hollow. Even if it is loud, having no bass makes listening to music a futile activity. Even the occasional audiobook or podcast makes me want to take out my phone instead.The reason why I did not give it a lower score is that I bought it for only $18, which is actually a good deal if you are looking for an introduction to a Home Assistant experience. Or, if you just want something for the kid's room. If I didn't already own other Echo devices, which are much better, and this was my first, it would drive me to look elsewhere.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	When it works it works good. But almost every time I go to use it, it’s got the red light on meaning it’s paused. And sometimes it won’t even unpause so you have to unplug it.	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	If the word Alexa is said on the tv, tablet, iPad or phone it turns on lol. It’s always lighting up yellow anytime it hears a noise which makes me think it’s always listening!	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Es bueno	3	August 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My wife already had a 3rd generation and they now “fight” with each other. Not sure how to set up both separately and allow hers to function on its own.	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Replaced Echo that failed to respond after three month of use. Echo would not stay connected to Wi Fi even though signal strength was excellent.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have several of the older flat echo dots and they work much better than these for voice recognition.  Speaker is a bit better.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have around a dozen echo dots. I love music so I typically keep them in every area of my house. The last two I've added has been the new 4th generation dots. Amazon is one of my favorite companies in the entire world. I'm an Amazon junkie. They rarely ever do any wrong. In fact, I think this is the first time I've ever even contemplated leaving a negative review. But whoever designed the sound quality for this 4th generation of echo dots completely missed the mark on the tone of richness. Music sounds far too sharp. The drums and bass suffer terribly. At first I thought I was overreacting so I gave it a few days. There is a substantial difference between the third generation echo Dot and 4th generation echo Dot in playing music. I'm not overreacting whenever I say the difference is night and day. I had both dots turned to a volume level of four. I played indie rock, punk rock, '90s alternative, '90s hip-hop and even threw some current pop songs on that my kids like. Every style of music I played sounded inferior on the new dot compared to the last generation. Perhaps if you've never heard music played out of a previous generation echo Dot then you will be okay. But for me, it's unlistenable knowing that I have around 10 others in the house where the music quality is superior. Very disappointed that this wasn't taken into the equation. I challenge anybody at Amazon to do a side by side and tell me I'm wrong. No doubt, the new generation looks cooler. But I would never sacrifice music quality for aesthetics. I still love you Amazon and I'll probably be snagging a few more third generation echo dots for good measure. Hopefully this issue is corrected whenever the fifth generation comes out.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes does  things without me commanding it	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	El reconocimiento de voz no es muy bueno y tarda bastante en recibir los comandos.Podrían mejorar el servicio, no era lo que esperaba.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I liked my Echo dot, until it stopped working. It currently exhibits the symptoms of the “blue ring of death”.  If I reboot it or reset it to factory default condition, it does seem to work for a few hours. However, it eventually becomes non-responsive to commands. It usually happens after a few hours of sitting idle, and is noticeable after I say “Alexa”, because it doesn’t answer me and displays a solid blue ring that won’t even disappear if I press the mute button (which usually illuminates a red ring when it is working properly). My Alexa app on my phone says it’s WiFi connection is offline, but all the other WiFi devices I have in the house have a good WiFi connection. If I cycle the power to reboot it, it works for a while, then becomes non responsive again after a few hours. I’ve tried plugging it in to a different electrical outlet, as well as rebooting my WiFi router. No luck getting it to work for more than a few hours. Troubleshooting procedures from Amazon do not describe this issue, and the warranty expired last month.	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound isn’t that loud and be sure to have a back up plan in case there is a power outage	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Satisfecho con el producto, ahora toca practicar usarlo	3	August 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This is responsive and fairly easy to setup. However, it is not intuitive to add routines and has no visual screen. Not sure how well it or difficult to use with other Alexa compatible devices such as Kindle tablets and mobile phone with Alexa app.	3	July 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I am not usually one to write reviews, but I was so disappointed by this product that I had to write one.  I have several Echo Dots in my home and love the previous design (3rd Generation) When I went to purchase another, I found that this version (4th Generation) was the current offering.  Typically newer versions are improvements; however, I think this version of the Echo Dot is a step (or two) in the wrong direction.  Right out of the box, I noticed this Echo Dot seemed cheaply made.  A lot of plastic, round and with a “snapped together like a plastic Easter egg” appearance. Lacks the heft and durable feel of the previous version.  Even the cord is very generic and lacks the Amazon logo, and I literally went back to the website to make sure I didn’t mistakenly buy a cheap knock off brand.  It honestly looks like a low end Bluetooth speaker you’d get for a child.  Performance wise, this Echo Dot seems to lack the sensitivity of the previous version.  My others I can crank up and the devices can still hear any commands.  I found I had to frequently repeat myself to this version. No good.  And I don’t know if it is the round shape of the speaker or what, but the sound is not as good (especially at higher volumes) than the previous version.  The sound is not as rich or full and the volume doesn’t go as loud as the 3rd Generation.  At a higher volume, I felt the sound quality dropped.  In short, I love my Echo Dots but this version is a total downgrade.  I highly recommend seeking out a 3rd Generation Echo Dot for an all around better product.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Bonito, buen sonido, pero limitante para escuchar música sin usar sus plataformas, algo decepcionado. Se puede controlar diferentes elementos inteligentes de la casa con él o desde la aplicación al celular	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The only reason we upgraded our echo dots from 3rd generation to 4th generation was because of the 4th gen's addition of motion sensing through ultrasound. But that does not work 99% of the time in our experience. Therefore, for us, there is no difference between this new echo and the echo dot's previous generation. Unless you are upgrading solely for the design, an upgrade from echo dot's 3rd gen to 4th generation is not worth it.	3	June 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I would not have this were it not given away free with a Sirius subscription. The sound quality is dreadful, but then I'm old and don't hear well. As to its real utility... well, I leave that to the prospective user. Is it something you could do without? Decidedly yes.	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Current Echo Dot deal without 6 months “free” Amazon Music Unlimited subscription = $19.99Echo Dot WITH 6 months “free” Amazon Music Unlimited subscription = $49.99So, $30.00 for a “free” 6 month subscription.  What a great deal! For Amazon, that is.  For the rest of us suckers, not so much!	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I *still* cannot believe how much I hate her.Update: I submitted my review and a day or so later, AMAZON CALLED ME. A tech walked me through resetting the device and explained how to set up a multi-room speaker. I knew how to do both of those things, but did them with the nice guy on the phone. Dot is still an @55h0!e.Original Review:She does not understand me, follow basic directions - including “STOP!”I find myself begging…”Please! For the love of all that is holy…STOP”I consider my original Echo Dot a frenemy. This one is just pure evil.The speaker is better, though.	2	October 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It is difficult to pair this with my TV's which I recently bought.  Alexa cannot choose a channel on this TV.  I also had a hard time getting the TV named and now Alexa cannot find or choose channels on it.	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Hello,GeekCastro here with another item this Alexa was an addition to my home set looks ok I have had Alexa’s for a while love them but pretty much recently almost a year and a half they started having issues with the app and my voice I ask to play something and says ok but nothing or I ask for some questions and doesn’t respond I have to seriously yell at her to get a response or at times it ignores me and my wife says same command and works or at times it plays music that I asked like from yesterday or hour’s ago or if I want to change music to another Alexa device I tell to stop then ask her to play in kitchen and tells me it’s still playing on another device which is not I even go to app to make sure it stopped..! It’s frustrating for all the pennies we spent on them well back to this particular one the sound is umm ok but my old premium sounds better with this one is not premium which I understand so if your in the market for new one add a couple more bucks to get the premium ball echo or just get google, Most of Alexa’s are good sturdy plastic and fell hefty like it’s a good speaker plus I like that I can connect my iPhone with Bluetooth to listen to my music in phone instead. When I let my frustration out it was for all my Alexa’s device’s just be prepared. Or look elsewhere. I will update if anything changes or they start working properly like they use too.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought these as a bundle 1 echo 4th gen and 2 echo dots. What upsets me is they sold me USED equipment that was still registered and paired to the previous owner, some guy from Rochester NY and the Echo and dots still had the names assigned to them from that owner. The dots seem OK but the ECHO is STONE DEAF!! Have to scream at it to get a response so loud that the old echo's 3 rooms away usually respond instead. Ticks me off that we got sold someone else's returned problem.	3	June 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I need to raise my voice in order to get her attention. She struggles to do simple tasks like turning on the TV.	3	July 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"If all you just want to have is the ability to play your favorite radio station and get the weather, then you are good to go. If you think these echo units are trivial to set up, they are not. You will have a hard time finding instructions about how to use most of the advertised features. Amazon gives features lots of cute names like ""SKILLS"" that I am sure the programmers who wrote the code love and understand  but you will find the Alexa app to be an endless, badly organized drill down of menus from hell. The App on your phone is a long scrolling list of what are intended to be guesses by Amazon of things you might like to do. I was surprised at how unfriendly this app is after all these years of Alexa. DO NOT buy this and mail to Grandma or Grandpa, or even Mom or Dad as a help device, because it is very likely they will not even get it set up on the internet. These kinds of devices are really just computers that have no keyboard, no mouse, no screen, and some imperfect voice recognition. If you get as far as trying to making your own ""Skills"", good luck. Skills need to get approved by Amazon and they seem to reject skills that they think might link to any potentially sensitive topic in the media. My ""skill"" development atgempt to link to my own science blog site was rejected because I sometimes blog about covid19 science. That said, I actually do a covid19 research project as university biomedical scientist! So my initial plan to use several echos in my lab rioms for research interactions and communication is now in the trash, now that I have experienced Alexa at home. Alexa will play your music if you are willing to use one of the music subscription services amazon supports, which is NOT most of them. I have one echo, and I will not be buying any more. Only need one, to set a timer or tell me the weather. Alexa is difficult to share with multiple users and Alexa is very bad at working with your phone to call someone. Adding a user often unintentionally makes the new user the ""owner"" user as they try to make sense of Alexa App prompts and audio prompts from the echo. Then you need to reset your echo again.  Alexa's failed attempts to make a phone call is often entertaining as much as frustrating, and Alexa will only offer to call ONE number for a contact, but not offer a way to call another number (cell versus home phone for example). So I have learned to just use my ""phone"" to phone, and save both time and sanity."	2	March 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I the middle of the night or while i am working- she randomly speaks. I live alone so i creeps me out.	3	July 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It works for an Alexa device.  Sound is awful.  It does the trick for asking Alexa questions and finding out what you have ordered via Amazon. It does not work with other Bluetooth devices (unless you get another Amazon device but I have two other high end Bluetooth speakers that I use for streaming audio when I am NOT using my stereo or PA system).  For basic Alexa tasks it works.  If you want decent audio this is NOT the device.  It would be great if it was rechargeable.  There are much better ‘portable’ Bluetooth speakers for the price.  This is really just for Alexa info.	3	May 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It wakes me up to my gospel station. But done days it plays good,  then some days the music stops and starts. It plays as my assistant reminding me of dates times etc. But as whole  I  like it.	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The app does not pair with hearing aid app.  Won’t say pilots responses. Sound is hard to decipher words. Need higher pitch.  It’s not connected to internet to answer questions.  It’s good for call contacts I choose to allow to call it’s good for reminders but does not remind more than one time for one day to remember.  I need at least two reminder times for each one I case Indont hear the reminder. I have to be right directly next to it to hear the darn thing.  It won’t let me ask questions I don’t speak fast enough for it.	2	October 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like the shape of the new Alexa but she really likes to move! as in she vibrates so much that she walks herself toward the end of the shelf every time she is used. I have to keep moving her back to the center of the shelf every other day or she will jump off!  I have 3 of them and the one with the better speakers is the worst offender! The other two either stay in place or have a lip on the shelf to keep them in place. I finally had to put Alexa on a candle holder with a lip on it to keep her in place.  still has other issues tho, constantly disables itself from my apple music, and constantly plays the wrong music asked for on amazon music. Hence why I use my apple one.	3	March 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It doesn’t work unless plugged in and did not connect to a phone. It also tries to answer questions before you ask them, not good if your speech is even slightly slowed down- very disheartening if your love one is disabled.	3	July 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The speaker is decent but the cost of that means you have to yell at the thing to get its attention.  Nothing more annoying that have to yell at an inanimate object.  I have one on each nightstand next to my bed then in my master bath I just have one of those little echoes that plug right into the wall outlet.  75% of the time while I am laying in bed, that little echo 20' away is the one that responds while these gen 4s that are 2' away sit all dumb and happy.  Growing more and more frustrated with Alexa as well....getting so tired of hearing ""I'll remember this setting for future sessions"" but it never, ever, ever does."	2	September 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Works fine	3	August 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	When we changed his name to Ziggy (which we thought was better than the other options of Alexa, computer or Echo), the voice recognition was poor. It seems to respond well to the wake up Echo. The spherical design is nice. I do not care for the ring of light at the bottom always needing to be on to show that it hears me. I like the button on top to turn off listening. It only responded once so far out of context when we did not use the wake word and it just misunderstood one of our words to be a wake word and so started answering to its best ability to whatever it heard for the remainder of our conversation. I do not care for the wordy responses when it cannot complete a task I have given it. The kids enjoy having conversations with it which is not something I find entertaining. Having it on kids mode is good since I cannot always be around to monitor what music is played. It did happen to misunderstand what music the kids wanted to hear and ended up playing an explicit song. We are still learning all of its capabilities and it is nice to have an assistant and speaker all in one.	3	October 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I previously had several 3rd Gen Echo Dots. I traded most of them in to ""upgrade"" to the 4th Gen. The 4th Gen is faster and most responsive, if/when it can hear you. The sound quality is a little better when playing music.The microphones and ability to hear are a huge downgrade. I have tested this with 3 different 4th Gen Echo Dots. I have to repeat myself 3-4 times for Echo 4th gen to hear the command. The number of times I have to repeat and/or yell is frustrating. After several attempts to move the echo, reset it, and so on... I finally fixed the issue by replacing it with a 3rd Gen Echo Dot. I am really frustrated that the upgraded version is so poor on voice recognition.Overall, it is not worth the upgrade to 4th Gen. Amazon really needs a better design, or I'll likely be looking at Google or Apple instead."	2	August 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"para mi le falta mucho desarrollo, a veces ni siquiera entienda un ""alexa apaga la luz"""	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have to yell in order for her to hear me	3	August 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Apparently the mic isn’t just on the top or side like the dot because I have to say Alexa 10 times before it hears me and 15 times before it actually listens to my full sentence.	3	July 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Won’t work my Blink cameras! Don’t waste your money! Returning cameras for refund!	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Where ever I need it once I learn how to use it	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Dislike sound	3	August 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Liked all the features it performed, but sound quality questionable	3	August 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	not bad if u get a deal/sale on it	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Es mejor la 3ra generación aveces se aloca y no responde	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Would’ve been better if this would’ve been wireless. But it is oke, nice volume	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not sure what this version provides that my old echo dots do not. Sound quality is about the same.	3	July 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Easy to setup and use, difficult to control multiple devices effectively. Alexa often states ""I can't do that on _____ device, would you like to play on ______ instead?"" All of my Firesticks are labeled for the room they are in and my Echo Dot can only seem to effective communicate with the one I didn't name. Simple names like Bedroom, Living Room, Kids Room cannot receive communication from my Echo Dot. Other than that for simple tasks like setting an alarm or playing music from various streaming platforms, its amazing. I was even able to sync my Wyze Cameras and ask Alexa to show me live feeds! Overall its a great product for many different tasks, just need a little more support for recognition/communication to multiple devices."	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is very good, but the sound quality is very disappointing - muffled and unpleasant.	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Have these all around the house no issues. Sometimes the voice recognition is too good lol.	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I expected better audio from this device. The echo dot 3 sounds better. Even connecting it to a Big Jambox does not improve much.	3	July 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It's just okay	3	August 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s smaller than my other Echo.  Smaller Echo smaller sound.I would not have purchased it had I realized it was smaller	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Seems to have a harder time detecting my voice. Have to say ""Alexa"" more than once frequently."	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"This horrible product (Echo Dot) exhibits every deplorable trait of modern technical devices -- its apparent and sole purpose is to get you to start buying content from Amazon Music and other paid sources.It preserves almost no state -- if you choose a particular kind of music, Dottie promptly forgets your preference. And the Android app won't allow you to replace Amazon Music as a source, or even put it in second place. If you install a media server to gain access to your own already-purchased music, Dottie will refuse to recognize it. You're obliged to say ""Alexa, tell Plex to play ..."", each and every time.Another example -- if you want to force use of 24-hour time, you're obliged to say ""what time is it in military time?"" Dottie replies as one would expect, then forgets your preference a few seconds later. But it fails every other common-sense test:  ""Alexa, set an alarm for nineteen hundred hours.""  ""Is that in the morning or the evening?""  ""Alexa, set an alarm for oh - eight - hundred""  ""... what?""People have been complaining to the developers about this ridiculous clock defect online for years, over and over, to no effect.In a household with children, this device would quickly turn into a resource parasite, because (a) you're obliged to sign up for its ""services"" with your Amazon account, and (b) it will begin charging you for paid content with no advance warning. There's no way to block paid content, or demand use of a different music source, or use 24-hour time, or ... anything else. It's a tiny robot with advanced and terminal Alzheimer's.This information poverty results from Amazon's rapacious corporate culture. If you want to know what you bought ten years ago, Amazon has that information at its fingertips. But if you want to tell Dottie to play baroque classical music, you have to explain this, over and over again, each time you ask it to play music.If Dottie were a biological entity, I would have it committed to an institution for retar- wups, excuse me, I mean developmentally delayed children. As things stand, I returned it to its original box and put it on a shelf, so I can activate it periodically to remind me how stupid a smart product can be.If this system had negative rating stars, I would use them."	1	May 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	En Guatemala no se puede vincular con Apple Music.	3	August 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Works at mediocre level, seems to have a hard-of-hearing problem, but more concerning is that when I use a WIFI tracker to see all my devices being used, this particular device does NOT show the ""Amazon Technologies Inc."" network adapter company identifier.  All my other devices do show that info, so why not this one? My other company identifiers are Zyxel, Liteon, SichuanA, Motorola, Amazon Tech, etc. But this device...nothing."	3	June 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We got this Dot 4 to replace the old Dot 2 hockey puck because there seemed to be re-connection issues with the router if the power went out. At least the Dot 2 understood my wife and could lower and raise the smart bulbs brightness. I can get it to understand the brightness level and she can get it to turn lights on and off, but if she tries to give a brightness level, game over. After that I can't even get it to do the same for me. Also, not particularly a critique, but randomly the acknowledgement tone changes then the next time it's back to the previous one. Was it designed that way?	2	October 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I liked my tall tower one better.This one that I just bought doesn't work well at all.	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It doesn't recognize my voice sometimes and asks me all the time if I need something or it wants to sell me something	3	July 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Very functional, and has quite a laundry list of capabilities but the sound is something you would expect from a Dollar Tree speaker	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Want to use it to send lists to me phone.  It requires gmail which I do not use.	3	July 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like it I don't love it yet	3	August 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s okay not to many bottoms small compact but loud. Not wireless	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Doesn’t get very loud when playing music	3	August 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Integration with IoT devices went pretty smoothly and the user interface is somewhat friendlier than that of Google home. The speaker sound quality does seem somewhat muffled.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The only downside is the selection of music is not very good but for other tasks it’s amazing.	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Love the clear volume!	3	August 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Reconocimiento de solicitudes algo limitadas..	3	August 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It would have been nice to know this unit was not available for use with remote control	3	July 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Had to reboot and reinstall and do the set up, every other day when I had this product. It did bot stay connected and 9/10 times it would not take commands. I had to repeat a command over and over and over again and never get the product to work correctly. I returned the item but will keep looking for another one that meets my needs.	3	June 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Should be smaller in size and should be available in ever different color possible	3	July 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s ok! I wish it was wireless and it’s a bit muffled!	3	August 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It fit in real well in the spot where my original Echo Dot was located.  The only trouble is that all of my other Elexa products are connected to discrete black power cords.  This one is connected the 4th Generation Black Ball with a out of place extreme white power cord.	3	June 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"First off, the pros: I love the look, feel, and sound quality. It is definitely louder than the puck-style echo devices. Unfortunately,  that is where the good stopsCons: Actually using the device. This echo forgets timers that are set. I only let the kids do 30 minutes of VR a day. I set the time and Alexa said ""starting now"" then when I knew the 30 minutes was almost up, I asked how much time was left and the response was ""There aren't any timers running."" This happens all the time. When listening tos music, it will just stop playing mid-song with no explanation why it stopped.I also have programmed actions like if I say ""tea time"" Alex knows to wait four minutes, then play a song to announce that the tea is done steeping. None of my programmed actions work on this device. A few times, I initiated the timer on the new dot, and it would play somewhere else in the house.All in all, our old-gen puck style echos are far superior."	2	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Supposed to be 4th generation Echo Dot but Alexa web page says 3rd generation; can't find any updates available. Although appears to work o.k.	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is just okay, 2nd gen. Product was better.	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The microphone doesn't work as good as my Gen 3. The Gen 4 has a hard time hearing me in my small bedroom (5 ft away) while my Gen 3 hears me from across the livingroom (and sometimes from the adjacent kitchen).	3	June 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is getting better. But it doesn't matter which device you use to communicate with Alexa, unless your task needs a screen. Whether you use an Echo Flex that you got on sale for $9.99 to the top of the line Echo device, voice commands will be processed the same way.  So what you are really paying for is sound quality, and the device falls short.It's easy to find a selection of computer speakers and sound bars in the $30 to $50 range, and they sound far better than this Echo Dot.  You should expect that an Echo Show at $50 would have at least the quality of better speakers at the low end of that price range. But it doesn't come close. Adding the other features shouldn't raise the price more than that of a low end Echo device, considering that only a fraction of what's in it would be needed.If you want to listen to music and aren't expecting high end sound, you won't get that. But you won't get low end sound bar quality either. The sound quality is good enough for Alexa's voice, but not really good enough for music, and far worse than you'd expect for the money.The device also supports Bluetooth, including BLE, and that's where the frustration started. I tried pairing a Sengled bulb to it and had no end of trouble. It didn't work reliably.  I initially thought it was the bulb, but when I replaced the bulb, it worked initially and after a few days I was back to the same problems. Communication was intermittent, and when I started the pairing process again, it worked -- only this time, the bulb paired with a different Echo device on a different floor in the house at the other end of the house. It worked perfectly that way.It seemed pretty clear that the Bluetooth in this device is defective, and after doing a factory reset and trying the pairing process again, I had the same problems. Unplugging this device and having the bulb pair with a remotely located Echo Show fixed that issue and it's been working perfectly 100% of the time.I have other Echo devices so I have a workaround, but there's no reason that I shouldn't be able to pair a bulb with an Echo Dot that's five feet away. I tried contacting Amazon through chat, and they gave me the runaround until I finally gave up. Trying everything they said did nothing, and they clearly seemed more interested in getting me to go away than to admit that their product is defective.	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	As an older person I probably don't know how to utilize this device.  Its going back.	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Like sound but could be better dish like doesn’t connect to Bluetooth unless I insert a aux cord an take it out to connect	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was so excited to get this and when I did get it let me say I don’t even use it! It has to be plugged in so I can’t listen to it anywhere and you have to have prime and Amazon music to get most music just too much got on with this thing	2	November 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"There are so many things wrong with the echo dot and the Alexa app that controls it that I'd have to write a book to explain them all, so I'll just touch on how bad it is as a DAC.Can it play music in multiple rooms? Sorta. Surprisingly enough it doesn't have auto-syncing for the devices, so even though it can theoretically hear that it's out of sync, it doesn't do anything about it. What's worse is that there's no manual way to sync the devices like with Chromecast devices, so when it's out of sync (which is pretty much always) you're out of luck.Want to plug it into a home theater or stereo system? You better keep them on literally all the time or you won't be able to hear Alexa. When you plug in an aux cable, it completely disables the internal speaker. So if you say, turn off you home theater or stereo when you're not using them to save energy... Alexa will just send all its audio to the dead aux cable. You might think to say ""Alexa, I can't hear you""... but it does nothing. Maybe there's a setting in the Alexa app? Nope. The ""Internal Speaker"" setting means aux out if there's a cable plugged in. So if you want to check the weather before you run out the door the dialogue becomes ""Alexa, turn on home theater"" ...[wait a few seconds for the system to power on]... ""Alexa, what's the weather?"" ...[wait while Alexa says her stuff]... ""Alexa, turn off the stereo""The Alexa software is ultimately full of unfinished bits and pieces of spaghetti coded software like this that ends up completely defeating the point of a ""smart home system"" as it makes everything more tedious. And as you research the problems you're having you'll see that most of them are bugs that have been around 3-7 years (it literally still has some bugs that have been around since it first launched in 2014) and Amazon just chooses to ignore them. (Fun fact: the feedback form on the Alexa website is broken as of the time of this writing so you couldn't even complain about the bugs if you wanted)Oh, and I've had Alexa randomly start blasting music in the middle of the night while I was sleeping, and it wouldn't respond to ""Alexa, stop playing music"" x 5 or ""Alexa, mute yourself"" x 2 before I had to literally pull the power cable so I could go back to sleep.If you just want a kinda sub-par smart speaker that's just going to control a couple of smart bulbs or something simple like that, then the echo dot is probably fine. Otherwise, I would recommend looking to other brands or waiting a decade or two for Amazon to finally get around to fixing their bugs if you're really committed to getting an Echo."	1	October 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"We bought this Alexa dot just after Christmas and set it up fairly easily.  However, when we needed to unplug it or move it, it became annoying as it needed to be reconnected to the internet each time.  After a couple months, the device would need to be connected to the internet more and more frequently (without even unplugging the device as a catalyst).Also, she would frequently misunderstand our questions and answer us with completely unrelated information.  A few times the device would show a 'notification color' light and when we asked about our notifications or messages, she would say there were none.  Okay..?My husband used the device mostly as a timer and it would work maybe 90% of the time.  Sometimes it would act like he never even set up a timer.  He stopped using the device after relying on it to set an alarm timer to remind him to get ready for work and it never went off.We spent several hours troubleshooting over the last few months and on virtual chat with customer service/tech support, but the same issues kept recurring.  They informed us that the warranty is only 90 days, which I didn't know about because I hadn't read the fine print (the more expensive Amazon devices have a 1-year warranty, but THIS device only 90 days).  They offered us a 20% discount on a new Amazon device after failing to fix this one... yah, we'll pass on buying another faulty device.So, after researching, we bought a Google Nest Mini this month and are SUPER pleased with it.  It is like the Amazon Dot but far better in every way:  set-up was in seconds, Wifi was automatically connected using our phone's Wifi info, we didn't have to reset the Wifi when moved to a different room, reliable timers/notifications, and a more concise and intuitive AI that understands our prompts better.  Bonus:  less time yelling ""shut up Alexa!"" ""Alexa, STOP"" ""NO, we don't want you to purchase that for us, Alexa"".  We would turn into very angry people every time we had to interact with her, which is not like us.  With Google assistant, we can just interact normally, politely, without the rage-inducing Alexa suggestions or comments over and over."	2	October 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Honestly this generation is not that much of an upgrade to the previous one.	3	July 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"first, I am well old school when it comes to listening to my music... I thought wow it says ""connects to wifi"" and I won't have to drop the same as a house downpayment for wifi speaker ... this can't be correct ... I guess I was kind of correct, and I was incredibly stupid and nieve to think I would be able to use this device as a wifi SPEAKER only ... I was wrong ... the only part of this device that is wifi is the always-listening eavesdropper, Alexa, shes wifi .... nothing else .... amazon already makes to much money off me and I don't want any more targetted ads and ""something"" always listening to me ... so if you're thinking about buying this the speaker will only connect thru Bluetooth ... Everyone knows if you have too many Bluetooth speakers they're going to cut out ... it simply doesn't matter what generation they are on Bluetooth speakers are shotty at best.  live and learn.  guess I'll keep looking for an inexpensive set of WIFI speakers"	2	July 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	A bit disappointed that the voice is muffled, some of the pronunciation of numbers almost sounds 'pixelated' or a stutter.  Past the return date but the issue seems to be worsening.  Expected better.	3	June 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I don't like the new voice....	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I didn't bother adding a photo, as we all pretty much know what the Alexa looks like. I love what it does. I think it's amazing to say the least. I only needed it for an alarm clock, to turn my TV on and off, and to listen to some music here and there. I'm pretty good with computers, I use a Mac. But the software for this thing, I am totally baffled!!  I hate it. I just picked up version 4 after taking version 3 back to Best Buy with a problem. I've had this new version 4 and still cannot get the default alarm to shut off, and cannot get the music to turn on in its place.  I have to call Amazon.	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought my first Echo Dot when it was Gen 2. I've seen that with each new generation that comes out, the microphone quality get worse and Alexa has a harder and harder time understanding us. Our Gen 2 can hear us better and from farther away than the Gen 3s that are closer, and the same is true of the Gen 3s outperforming the Gen 4.With that said, the sound quality has improved with each generation. But we hardly ever use the Echo Dots for music, just announcements and to control smart devices—both of which are aggravated by the poorer hearing of the newer Echo Dots. Hence our frustration with the new Gen 4. We want an Echo Dot that hears us well, but we can't buy a Gen 2 anymore.So what'd we do? It's a shame, but we put this in a place where we don't speak to it often, but want it to send out announcements in our house. We'd bought it to upgrade and replace our Gen 3 in the kitchen, but replaced it with the Gen 3 again after a week of frustration.If you use your Echo Dot as a speaker, this is the best Dot you can get. If you speak to it often (and in our case hardly ever play music from it), then don't buy this generation.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Adequate sound ,HomePod mini has better sound quality	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"One of the WORST purchases ever. I should have listened to the reviews!I bought 2 of these during Prime days this year and I'm so sorry I did. The only thing these accomplish most of the time is driving up my blood pressure. I don't know how I've resisted throwing them both through the window.It works fine as a speaker of acceptable quality, if I'd paid the same amount I paid for my baby boom xl on clearance at Burlington Coat Factory ($15. Good deal). Another bonus, the timers and alarms work fine. If I'd have wanted a sleep machine/alarm, I'd be all set.3 months in, here we are. Both constantly misunderstand us (we have standard Midwestern accents) and it doesn’t matter how many times she comes up against the same thing, she continues to get it wrong. Even worse, one has now gone nearly deaf, but rest assured if she could hear us, she still wouldn't do what we want.When it does work, it's very limited. You have to remember all these phrases just right. If she actually interprets the magic words correctly, about 50% of the time she still doesn't do it, even though she says ""okay.""When running smart light bulbs, she does way less than they're designed for, so you have to rely on the app they came with to get tge lighting you want. I wasted hours building routines and they never work right.To top it all off, she occasionally babbles to herself (wtaf), answers in the kitchen when we're in the bedroom standing right next to one in there trying to get it to hear us, and adjusts her own volume.Oh, and I forgot 1 other thing she's really good at, trying to upsell you on everything Amazon. 🙄I'm just going to shut them down and throw them in the trash. Please, save yourself. Don't buy these ridiculous things. You don't need them to run your smart appliances or for anything else. You'll just be sorry you did.My recommendation, if you want one of these buy them for $5 at somebody's yard sale. At least you'll be paying what they're worth."	2	October 13, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Lgood	3	August 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The size	3	August 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I thought there would be a substantial improvement from my 3 dots but there wasn’t.	3	July 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	No appreciable difference in sound quality over the 3rd generation, which is still for sale brand new for 20% less. All the same features as well.  Also,  the charcoal unit shipped with a WHITE power cable.  I'm sure there are some who wouldn't care,  but I can't imagine anyone who ordered a black device WANTING that.  To add insult to injury,  when I tried to return it because of my disappointment (and buy a 3rd gen instead),  all returns would cost me money. Lousy experience.	3	May 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	No me agrado que no sea inalambrico y que no es compatible con algunas redes cómo YouTube.	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	First off we cannot ask Alexa nicely because she will NOT do what is is told to do.  She likes to be verbal abused. Alexa will also randomly try to sell you junk that you do not want.  Would not advise anyone with children to have an Alexa in there home.  Alexa randomly disconnects from Wi-Fi then reconnects. Tried different home internet services and routers.  Alexa will randomly play music n random rooms.  We have Alexa in every room.  Would not recommend until they fix a lot of problems.	2	October 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I already own multiple Alexa devices. I bought this one to detect when a person is in the room, so that it can turn on and off lights or start another routine. Not only does it fail to detect when someone enters the room but it also refuses to play as part of a speaker group.Edit: so Amazon customer service called me back after seeing this review and attempted to help. The first tech was helpful but could not resolve the problem, so they escalated to a new tech, who decided they didn't want to help me and told me to call in to create a new ticket. Here's the email:Hello,This is Shubham, it was an absolute pleasure assisting you today.Sorry for the inconvenience you are facing with Amazon service.Also I've checked that you've already contacted us last time for similar issue and there has been a ticket raised and the representative is personally following up on it and will keep you posted as there is an update from the technical team.If you have any other concerns, I'd request you to please contact us back live through calls/chats as we'd need some more information about issues you are facing so we can assist you further.I hope you understand this is not intentional but explaining this via email with possible options will make it a lengthy and a complicated email, and also it might take numerous number of emails to exchange information between us.I realize that at this point of time asking you to contact us again would be disappointing, but this will help us resolve the issue on your devices.After looking into your inquiry, it would be easier to help you over the phone or via chat, so we can gather the required additional information to deeply look into this issue and help you fix this.I appreciate your patience and cooperation in this matter.	1	June 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Doesn’t work all the time. Doesn’t communicate with smart devices as advertised	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Terrible sound and not loud at all but I noticed so far all Alexis speakers are like that very cool idea love the idea actually but wish they had better sound and alot louder for sure bc i can barely hear it in the next room when I go in the next room for something but my one speaker I have I got from Verizon I can hear through the whole house and outside the house full blast of course but that's what u want when your jamming 😀 thank God bless yal	2	October 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The device has to much base	3	August 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Figuring how to connect	3	August 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	While the sound is excellent, the voice recognition is poos unless you raise your voice and almost yell at her to do anything you ask !!	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	misunderstood item, thought it could work without using my cell phone; sound quality not as good as I had expected.	3	July 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality could be better	3	August 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition sensitivity is really bad.1st gen Echo, I can be 15 feet away, 2nd gen Echo Dot is over 20 feet, 3rd gen is back to 15 feet, and finally this version requires me to be about 6-8 feet away.My only guess is that the soft material they put on the outside of the Dot for aesthetics absorbs some of your voice and it doesn't quite make it to the Dot. Or they designed it worse on purpose so you'd buy more of them.I have a Google Home programmed with a routine that talks to my Echo Dot 3rd gen. I replaced that Echo dot with this 4th gen and put it in exactly the same spot.The Echo went from responding 100% of the time to about 2% of the time. I've had to move my Google Home very close for it to work. That proves that there is a noticeable difference in Echo 4th gen sensitivity because the Google Home uses the exact same volume level every time (unlike a human) and it was the exact same distance with no differences in background noise. I swapped a third gen back in place and it's working perfectly again. I put the 4th gen on my desk so it's close enough to work.	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's good but not that much better than the 3rd generation.	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	it wants you to listen to crap youd never otherwise listen to	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The mic sucks on this gen wait for the next one	3	July 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Glad I got it on the cheap or I'd have been a little irked.	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Needs to be updated with things like repeated my notifications.	3	July 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The black one comes with a white cord.  Definitely do not appreciate the aesthetic.	3	July 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I honestly expected more from the Alexa. Voice recognition is good except she doesn’t understand what I’m saying half the time. I do have a strong southern accent, something that should be considered during development. The sound quality is great for something so small. The durability is shocking. I have a 1 year old grandson who loves when Alexa plays his favorite songs so he holds her and he dances with her. He also drops her from time to time. It has been wonderful to see him happy when she doesn’t miss a beat and continue to play music. One other downside is the cord port. I think it would be better to have the built in cord than the removable one.	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Overall I like the item and it serves the purpose	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Difficult to navigate	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Great sound, nice looking, but no clock	3	July 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I only use this device to play music in my bathroom. It is nice to have the ability to ask for any type of music that I can think of and ask it to play it, full disclosure; I subscribe to both Spotify and SiriusXM, and the echo dot uses my subscriptions effectively. However, an in-intended consequence of owning this device is that it connects itself to every wireless device in my home. As an example, I own a LG CX smart TV. When Alexa has a notification or message for me, my tv will display a yellow line across the bottom border, which can only be disabled, as I had to learn through hours of internet research, by going into settings on the tv and deactivating all of my privacy permissions. By doing this, I forfeit the use of my voice commands to my tv. I understand that many people will want all of their devices linked together, but it seems a bit extreme and intrusive to me, and does nothing to help with the paranoia that I am being recorded at all times. Of course you can disable that too, but you loose the ability to control the device wirelessly, and that is have of the appeal of using this for what I use it for, rather than just using my phone.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have three of these devices and apparently they got a firmware update in October 2021 and I had to reset them and re-register them to my account.  Two of them are working again, but the 3rd one will not work and the light just spins as though it's not connected.  It will tell me that an update is in process and to please wait and it sits there for hours overnight in this mode.  Factory reset, and re-register and it's the same song and dance.  Customer service is willing to offer (up to 25%) trade in for a new one, but why would i do this when it could just happen again?  I am thinking about switching all of these devices out and migrating to the Google Ecosystem because this is unacceptable.  These are great devices, but there should be a tool for people to side load the firmware without accepting OTA firmware updates and inadvertently bricking the device.  However, why would Amazon give customers this option when they can just sell you more stuff that might break.  Be aware with these and that you're only remedy is to get a new one, or buy the extended warranty.  Hard to want to buy something when the MFG made the device inoperable.	2	March 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Can not control the bass.  To much bass makes it hard to understand her.	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I got this as part of Sirius promotion.  I never had any intention of purchasing one, even though my son has one and and has most of his house set up to work with it.It's a money pit. You have to be willing and/or able to change outlets, replace switches, and make purchases of things like coffeemakers, TV's, thermostats, and even Roomba, stoves, microwaves, washing machines, and dryers that are Alexis compatible.Also you need to turn your TV down when a commercial comes on that mentions Alexis, or you'll wind up with a response, or some device getting activated.The Buick commercial where the guy keeps calling his new car Alexis, is a good(bad?) example.Also - the day we connected Alexis to our internet, we started having slow response on the other devices I had on the 2.4ghz connection.  I tried to put Alexis on the 5ghz band, but it doesn't connect. I guess maybe that's why they were giving them away.At the moment Alexis is an ornament on my fireplace mantle. It's more trouble than fun, so it's disconnected.	2	June 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The speaker is crackling. Like it’s busted. Sounds horrible. Get a different version of the echo hopefully it will sound better	3	July 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa could recognize anyones voice even though I set it up to only mine. Some of the apps don’t work, was able to control my tv then stopped. A lot of bugs and glitches need to be smoothed out with Alexa and the apps	3	June 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	All in all, this was a big disappointment. The sound is OK, but just OK. This unit is cloth covered, but has no clock showing through the cloth. It has a hideous white cord which looks terrible next to the charcoal sphere.Voice recognition is spotty, sometimes it works, other times not. I've taken to using very deliberate directed voice commands with a clear separation between words while looking directly at the unit. This kind of behavior is very different from other units that will work even from another room.Setup. Since there is no screen, the setup requires the Alexa app on your phone. That was fairly simple, but the setup seemed to happen on its own. While I was getting in to the app a message popped up saying it was done. Odd.One last odd thing. In looking at the device configuration, I noticed that the unit has motion detection. Tapping on that took me to the routines setup, but there is not motion action available in the set up. This thing would be worth it, even with its limitations, if it were possible to have it use motion to turn of the room lights, but, alas, it does not do this.Would I buy this again? Nope. I will stick with the Gen 2 or Gen 3 Echos or the Echo Shows.	2	March 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	No sé si con el tiempo vaya escuchando mejor pero batallo para que me entienda o escuche, creo que es por el idioma, normalmente le hablo en español, en ingles entiende mejor	3	June 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	can't upload my own music folder to be played	3	July 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This new fourth generation likes to play a lot of Digitally remastered music and I’m not a fan I would like to hear the original song	3	June 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	With the changes (money grab) to prime music my alexa's have been neutered.  You can no longer ask alexa to play a song.  Playlists that I spent hours curating for my self are no longer playable.  I am seriously considering cancelling my prime accoung.	2	November 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I ordered this on prime day, figuring that I would upgrade my existing echo dot. When I opened the box I realized that the charger didn't match. I had ordered a black echo and it came with a white charging cable. I contacted Amazon support and was told it is listed that way on the product page. I went back and looked and they kinda buried the information. You have to click a link to go to a full technical specs page before it says anything about the charging cable being a different color. Figured I'd put the information out there for the people in the same boat as me, if it was going on a night stand and the cord was behind furniture, it wouldn't matter but when it's on a kitchen island and the cord is visible it does.I'll add to the review, regarding sound quality once I get it set up and give it a try.	2	July 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought two of these and they keep glinting and won't play music! This needs resolved!	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The hockey puck echo dot sound better that this attractive model. It lacks bass that the puck one has.	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We’ve made a lot of memories with Alexa and grown accustomed to using it to set timers, play music, controls, games.. but equally screaming no at it. I love that I can drop in from my phone while away or send announcements. I hate that it’s so finicky about the order of words when you ask/command. Often can’t understand, does the wrong thing, content sucks, or some other issue. After a year quality goes down. I’ll try Google.	3	May 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The item stopped functioning properly, it would lose connection to wifi constantly. It would pause while playing music, then restart.I did purchase new router and attempted to set up device again and it would repeatedly announce will let you know when finished.It lasted a little over year and half. The first gen dot is now its replacement.	2	October 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I dont like it.	3	July 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Device works well, and has plenty of useful features. But now anytime I hear the phrase “did you know?”, I’m filled with the urge to punch someone.Jokes aside, that is my only major gripe. The constant, useless, annoying ads via “did you know” are PAINFULLY bad. Just let me turn off that setting, PLEASE. that’s the main reason I’m hesitant to ever buy more of these. If that setting was turned off, I’d own a bunch of dots.	3	May 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Overall the product is good but the bluetooth connectivity is not always the best and the connection between the Alexa app on my Iphone and the device do not alway sync up properly.	3	June 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This is a huge miss for Amazon. I have almost every Amazon device to date. I have their Fire Tablet (don’t waste your money), Fire TV Stick, 4 to be exact, 2 Echo Shows, Echo Tower, Echo Dot generations 2-3. I purchased the new Echo Dot 4th generation in excitement, looking for an even better sound quality than the 3rd generation, which is a huge improvement from the 2nd generation. I was expecting the round dome shape of the new speaker to give me a bump in sound quality. As impossible as it may sound, Amazon’s quality worsened. Read the negative reviews, they are accurate. I thought I got a lemon but nope, I got their latest disappointment. The device isn't much bigger than a tennis ball. The sound is tinny as if it were literally coming out of a tin can. I have never had to go into the equalizer and make adjustments, but I did on this device. I adjusted the bass all the way up, the treble all the way down and played with the mid-tones and it still does not compare in the slightest to the sound quality of my Dot 3, which I’ve never had to adjust. I went to setup my new Dot 4 device and discovered they had shortened the cord by about 12” now limiting where the device can be placed. The cord quality has suffered severely, not just in length but also in its cheap design. If you are solely purchasing this Dot to talk to Alexa and ask her questions and you are never going to listen to music, this may be fine for you. But I especially purchased this in expectations of a fuller sound experience. After setting this up and manipulating it to try to make it better, I went to Amazon to see what others were saying. To my chagrin I noticed that Amazon released two different 4th generation Dots, one with subpar sound and if you want to pay almost $100, you can purchase it with premium sound. Tell me who does not want premium sound? Just another gimmick to steal our money. I honestly cannot image that the more expensive Dot 4 with premium sound has a grander sound quality than the Dot 3 that would entice me to spend an extra $40 (on sale). I am sending it back and will purchase the Echo Dot with Premium Sound just to see if there is a difference, if not it will be going back as well. I will update when I have a chance to compare.UPDATE: I did purchase the Dot 4th Generation with Premium Sound. The sound quality is definately a huge upgrade from the Dot 4 without premium sound. It is similar in sound to the Dot 3rd Generation but I have to say it is slightly better and that's without playing with the equalizer. The sound is closer to my Amazon tower. I'd get the 3rd Generation as long as they are available and save yourself $60.	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo Dot	This device worked great for about 3 months. Then it started making static sounds, and when responding would cut out or not respond at all. Amazon wouldn’t do anything of course because it was past the warranty time. So we just wasted money and barely got to use it. Very disappointed.	2	October 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	First of all, I didn't know there are different sizes I ordered this one and the sound was not what I expected. So, I returned this one and ordered a bigger size. I am happy with a new one but sometimes, she does not answer my question. I guess we need more time to get to know each other.	3	June 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I received three 4th gen echo dots for Christmas to replace my older Gen2 dots.  First and biggest disappointment is the light ring. It's smaller, dimmer, and located on the buttom, which makes almost useless during the day in a brightly lit room.  Second issue with light ring location, it all but disappears when the unit is put into a wall mount bracket.  Another issue with the 4th generation model is its very slow at voice recognition, and frequently fails to complete all steps in routines.  Never had this issue with Gen2 or Gen3 models which ran the same routines for several years.  4th generation model is a definite step backwards in design and quality.	3	February 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've got a couple other echoes and this one sounds better than they do.  However, this one seems slow to respond.  I have to shout to get her to acknowledge, then Alexas in other rooms respond before this one does!  Lol.  I guess it works ok otherwise.  It's in a room I don't go in much so haven't played around with it much yet.  I'm looking forward to linking all the ones I have to use as an intercom, but haven't really figured that out yet	3	May 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I was one of the early adopters of the original Amazon Echo. I was thrilled that it could hear me across the room and play music or activate smart devices, as I had needed to rig something up myself with Dragon Naturally Speaking to do the same thing in the past.Since then, the entire Alexa ecosystem has gone to seed in several different ways. The quality of voice recognition has gradually declined; it no longer recognizes simple voice commands like ""turn off bedroom"" (to which it will sometimes give the hilarious response ""did you mean 'bedroom'?""). These are not merely failures of recognition; I've had times when it heard the soundtrack I wanted to play perfectly, I had already purchased said soundtrack, and it still asked me to sign up for Amazon Music Unlimited. But then if I'd ask ""play <soundtrack> *from my library*"" it would sometimes work. Sometimes. The device itself went from being flat and relatively unobtrusive to a bowling ball.The last straw is this ""by the way..."" nonsense. It will frequently and unpredictably spam you with upsells and ""tips"" that you can't turn off. Yesterday I told it to play white noise as I was drifting to sleep, as I always do, and it shouted ""BY THE WAY, YOU CAN TURN ON A NIGHT LIGHT BY...""If it can't turn devices on and off, can't play music, and can't play white noise without waking me up, then my ~10 Alexa devices are USELESS. Thanks for ruining a great concept, Amazon.Update: Well, we're a couple of months later, and the thing has finally gotten so stupid and tried to upsell me so much that I've started ripping them out. I wrote a skill to connect it to the baby tracker app. The skill worked perfectly, but the thing didn't hear me properly 90% of the time. Then it unpredictably replaced my development skill with a published one, which it keeps telling me is already disabled even though it's interacting with me, and it hasn't worked since. The last straw was ""playing specific songs is only available on Amazon Music Unlimited"", a new message I get every time I try to play anything, whether or not I've purchased it.Amazon talks a lot about building ""flywheels"" that draw you into its ecosystem. But these work both ways - so now that I'm moving to Google's ecosystem instead, that also means I need to stop using Amazon Music going forward and purchase my songs elsewhere. Preferably from a company that doesn't make a smart speaker themselves so we never end up with this lock in again. And that in turn diminishes the value of my Prime membership, which means shopping on Amazon is less enticing, which means..."	1	June 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Can’t link Apple Music with active subscription	3	July 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Comes on when u don't want it to, can't get it to turn off, etc, etc. So suks. Even the free bulb that came with it died after a week. Not bothering w/ other one. Might burn house down or something.	2	November 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound is too low	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Same as other generations	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	At first it was amusing but then noticed that I had to say the alert, Echo several times to get recognized.  Then the volume changes.  For example when Question of the day plays, Echo doesn’t recognize the answer one gives.  Over and over this happens, finally change the answer and it will be recognize and accept.The bathroom it works better because it is smaller and very quiet.  So gave it two stars for the operationOf course this is just my opinion, we all have our individual world.  Be well.	2	September 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not very loud. Doesn’t hear as well as original	3	July 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	White cord and power plug not attractive AT ALL	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It only plays the music you request and connects for phone calls. Biggest down it does not connect with other devices.	3	June 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I didn't realize that I would have to pay Amazon permission to stream music to multiple devices at the same time. I figured that was what happened when I paid for internet. Had I known this, I would never have bought any of our Echo devices. Now three of them are just expensive alarm clocks that my kids tell to shut off and then they go back to sleep. The other one never listens and I end up yelling at it to get it to respond, then it performs the wrong tasks. Not a big fan of having to yell at it when I am right next to the device because the dish washer is running or two kids are talking at the table.	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Upon arrival, I noticed that the Echo Dot had been sent with a white power plug despite having a black device. I found this a little odd as none of my other echo devices came with a different colored plug. I was also less thrilled about my device jabbering in Spanish the moment I turned it on. Overall the device works fine enough, though voice command recognition has continued to decline with each generation of echo dot. This fourth generation seems to be non different.	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"had the gen1 echo dot and it worked well, was responsive to commands and rarely was unable to pick up specific words like ""one"" or ""two"".  i thought gen 4 would be an upgrade but it was not.  the sound quality is a tiny bit better but it was very poor at hearing commands.  i have to shout at it at close range multiple times for it to respond.  i initiated a  replace item with amazon but the service tech said i have to wait for my item to be returned, evaluated, and then sent back to me which will take over a week or more.  it has been disappointing.today 09/17 i saw an email saying the device i sent in was reloaded with the latest software and has been tested and is working. it also say it’ll be returned to me by 09/21. let’s see if it’ll work….  really not sure if it’s a software issue however.09/27 got this echo back a few days ago after customer support says the software was updated and the problem should be fixed.... the problem was not fixed.  it still is unresponsive and i still have to yell at it to get it to respond.  and it just cant pick up certain words like ""one"" and ""two"" unless you yell really loud.  this product is not working well at all and the tech service is completely unsatisfactory."	1	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Wishing this one was better…	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Will use for fun & music bit can’t get it set up	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound is ok.  I have one in the bedroom and one in the living room.  It's a small apartment.  I want them to be separated but I can't figure out how.  If you talk to one the other starts playing or answering.  Tried to call support.  Impossible, can't understand what they are saying as they are not in America.  They don't know what you are talking about and you get a static connection.  Only need simple things, music, weather, time and alarms.	3	April 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was really happy to get such a good deal on a couple of these echos.  Was very disappointed to see a white cord with this black product.  I wanted to use them as speakers with my Mac mini.  I really didn’t  buy them for the other stuff though it was fun getting the weather from Alexa.  The problem I had was getting her to just be quiet.  I muted her, I put do not disturb on permanently.  I tried everything and dedicated a lot of time to researching and trying to find the magic one thing I could do to keep her quiet, still she played music without any prompt and always had to announce when she hooked up with my Mac mini or when I got a message from my phone.  This should have been fun, instead it was one little disappointment after another, so back they go.	2	July 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Show a error related with the country and no allow integrate	3	July 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I use it in my bedroom for music and alarm clock	3	July 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've bought this as a zigbee hub but many zigbee devices from sonoff pr Linkind are not working so well.  After a couple of weeks, some devices no longer connect.  The sound quality is good though.	3	June 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	All the other qualities of this product are well short of amazing but the connectivity to Wi-Fi is the main problem--it's frequently idle or not performing routines that you've set for it.  I have mine set up to stream a variety of music genres from 9am-9pm (Amazon Music because i figured that would be the least problematic) but even with nothing else using my WiFi it's performance isn't as consistent as it should be and if you'd like to use a mobile WiFi hotspot it cuts out even worse.  It shows the signal as being connected but it's terrible.  Tech support people are nice but they didn't tell me anything I didn't know and never even brought up the recommended solution of getting as many of your other devices off the wifi (which is just unacceptable anyway, especially when your Fire Cube tells you that your signal is very strong and that's the only other connected device) and they agree that you should be frustrated so what does that tell you?  The sound quality is adequate for the price I paid ($18 for the unit with the smart plug costing $16) but that low price is the tipoff for what it's really worth across the board.  Not much in the way of midrange and bass just isn't there.  If you're listening to news or podcasts it's adequate enough, the tweeter is actually quite clear and powerful.  If you want good sound on it's own you'll probably be disappointed.  I hooked mine up with the aux output to a set of low-end computer speakers with a subwoofer and took care of that satisfactorily. The voice recognition of course suffers with music at higher levels or trying to get it to pick up through a closed door but I would say for the price it's decent enough.  All said, I knew this was a crapshoot from reading other reviews and basically most of the negativity holds a lot of truth.  I don't have any previous Dots to make comparisons to but I have a 3rd Gen ordered to do just that.  I may keep the better one, if all I've read about the 3 is true maybe send both back.  Sometimes you really do get what you pay for, and not in a good way in this case.	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo Dot	We really like it but sometimes it just freezes and does respond or do anything until I disconnect it & re Connect it to the outlet	3	June 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This, along with many electronic (computer, etc) items proved too complicated for her to opereate	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	N/A	3	July 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The system works most of the time.  But there are many instances when for no reason the Echo Dot will not respond to my command.  Many times I have to repeat the command as many as 3 times.  A good example, ""Echo...alarm off"".  This is very frustrating in the morning when awoken by the alarm, trying to get it to turn off the alarm.  Further, and again for no reason, it will lose control of home devices.  It is always losing control over the third light, and I have to go through the frustration of trying to reset the Segled light to get it to respond to my echo commands.Also, wait till you have power failure, even a little blip.  When the power comes back on. all of the attached devises turn on automatically.  And worse you cannot get Echo to turn then off right away.  You must wait some time before you can get it to respond and turn off the devices.  This is especially frustrating if the power failure happens in the middle of the night.  You are woken up by the device running, and cannot go back to sleep unless you turn them off manually.  In which case you have to reset and/or rediscover the device all over again.  This system definitely need refinement.  And getting help and answers isn't easy either, don't ask Alexa because she knows nothing about solving such problems.You might think this is possibly a problem with my WiFi connection, but I know that not to be true because I have an ATT fiber-optic network with a battery backup.  And I know it works, because even in a power failure, if I am on my laptop it doesn't even hesitate, and continues to function as if nothing happened.Update - 5/4/21.  Now the problem has gotten even worse.  Echo now executes the command, but then comes back and says the device is not responding.  Which makes absolutely no sense at all.  I am getting very frustrated because the system just has too many bugs.Update - 11-2-21.  Don't bother asking, ""Alexa where's my stuff"".  If you do, you will only get when the order was promised, not the true current status of your order.  It's AI (artificial ignorance) is not capable of actually tracking and showing the true current status.  Amazon obviously does not understand the concept of EDI (electronic data interchange) with their delivery partners.  Fortunately, anyone with a computer and an ounce of intelligence can check and see the actual status.  Especially lately, Alexa has been wrong more times than I can count, because Amazon's service recently has been very poor."	1	April 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This Echo has several major limitations.  It has to be plugged to operate.  The Dot I could move everywhere even outside.	3	June 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alright I like this Alexa but the only problem is that everytime I walk into my room it turns the light on with it's ultra sonic detection but I don't want that on and no matter what I do I can't turn it off. Might have to put this echo in another room	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	doesn't answer you	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This would be so much better if it didn’t use only WiFi. I bought 2 of these echo dots. 1 of them doesn’t stay connected to WiFi and it always needs to be reset. The “everywhere” function works for a little while and then kicks out one of the speakers. Also, doesn’t work well with Tidal which is what I have not Amazon music. These things have deterred me from buying any smart accessories. Voice recognition is good. Alexa responds every time without delay.	3	April 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is nor as clear as the old dot Alexa.	3	July 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I purchased a Dot and since I was new to the whole thing, I was impressed with what it could do.  I added a few smart devices and decided to order 3 more Dot's to place around the house.  I DO NOT recommend you do that.  They have a lot of problems in the software when it comes to multiple devices working together,  I have spent many hours on the phone with their help center, which is great by the way, but I was never able to get the issues resolved.  I ask it do do something and it will answer in another room.  When I'm turning off the light at night for example, it will respond Okay maybe in a bedroom where someone is asleep.  Trying to play music ""Everywhere"" is a joke, sometimes it play on these two, other times on the another three.  Like I said, the software is just not ready for Prime Time.  I'm forever having to power cycle them to get them working again.  Not satisfied at all."	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Echo device is great, but the power cord/adapter is white.	3	July 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Doesn’t recognize voice very well	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We were playing games on our echo dot and it charged me for items too easily. I’m sure there’s controls to limit that sort of thing but I was surprised nonetheless.	3	June 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have a hard time communicating with this Alexa. Can I switch for a different one?	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	After about 8 to 9 months it would fail to stay connected the wi fi.  Reconnecting was difficult and often required de registration and waiting a day to try again.  If it then connected and registered it would work well until the next time it lost connection.  The other unit in the house had no such issues.  This disconnection has occured 3 times since then and is about 3 weeks short of a year old	3	April 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s nice but I thought it would be louder	3	July 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I love the voice recognition feature.  Just ask Alexa most anything and she has the answer. My Dot keeps turning off for no apparent reason. When I listen to music, it will play about 30 minutes and just stop.  I ask her to continue playing and AlexaTells me it’s for “inactivity “.  My Alexa is only a few months old.  Amazon told me to unplug the Dot for 30 seconds and plug it back in.  It didn’t help the problem.  It’s a very annoying problem.  My Alexa Dot seems to have a kind of her own	3	March 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality a lot less than previous generation, but functional	3	July 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I'm pretty bummed with this purchase actually.  All I wanted was a bluetooth speaker for the office that we could take turns connecting to.  After several hours of fussing what I've determined is that you need to be on WIFI in order to form a new connection via bluetooth, which intuitively makes no sense to me and I'm hoping I'm mistaken since the speaker is not allowed on our work WIFI.  Best I could do was connect it to my home WIFI and sync to my phone by bluetooth at home, then bring the speaker to work and it will reconnect to my phone by bluetooth.  That would be fine if I were the only one playing music, but the idea was that control of the speaker could be shared among my co-workers like any ""dumb"" bluetooth speaker.  That earned it one star and the extra star is because for its price the speaker has pretty descent sound."	2	June 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like how easy it is to sync with other devices. What I don’t like is Alex’s voice seems muffled. It’s much clearer on my first Echo Dot. If there is a solution to this problem, I would appreciate being informed how to correct this.	3	June 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I’ve been using Alexa devices for a long time.  Everything in our home from thermostats to curtains to lights to shades to the vacuum is run through Alexa.  Ring cameras, intercoms…even our pool.Up until about 2 months ago when I was no longer able to make smarthome routines.  Just suddenly one day I went to create a routine and when I selected “when something happens” it no longer loads my devices. I can see my devices in the app and use them with Alexa. My old routines work. But no new routines using smarthome devices.I’ve spent HOURS trying to get this resolved.  I’ve gone through troubleshooting 5 times with 10 different representatives (literally).  Including the “please restart all 20 of your Alexa devices.” Each one does not seem to have any notes or information from the previous person and often I will be disconnected and reconnected randomly which means I had to start over again.  I was finally able to find someone who could do screen sharing.  They saw the problem. They said they’d find a fix and call back.  They never called back.Don’t make the same mistake I did and base your entire system around Alexa.  They offer zero customer support and no one seems to know what they’re doing.  It began to feel like when someone couldn’t find an answer they got disconnected and I got shuffled back into the queue.  When something breaks YEARS of programming and routines will go right down the drain ON TOP of the HOURS I’ve wasted on tech support m.	1	June 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I have the previous version of this in 4 locations in my house, so I thought I'd swap out the one in my office with one of these...big mistake. I have to say ""computer?"" more than once on many occasions throughout the day. My office is a quiet place!Sometimes I want to play music in multiple areas of my house, for instance if I'm doing chores, and don't want to wear my airpods. Well, if you were the same, this would be a disruption to that. You cannot play music from this device and other echo dots if they are prior versions. If you're playing music from the app, then select this device and another version device, you'll see a message saying they are not compatible, and you cannot select them together.As for the sound quality...worse than the previous version in my opinion. I turned the bass up to full, and the treble and mid all the way down, and well...there is no bass! Amazon should stop trying to compete with other DA-enabled devices for music, because they just don't compare. At least not unless Amazon want to pair with an actual audio company that makes speakers, like Harmon Kardon, or Bose.Sadly this device will go into the least used room in my house, so I still have Alexa available there, but it won't be used much at all. Glad I bought this during a sale time."	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound	3	July 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Quality not as good as other one I have and keeps pausing music	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Alexa's voice recognition is pretty solid, not perfect as I regularly have to tell her things 2-3 times, but half the people I work with suffer from some level of hearing loss so I'm used to that. I'm not a fan of the default being Alexa storing all voice recordings indefinitely, but you can turn that off with a little work.Speaker quality is okay, better than the Google we bought it to replace, not as good as a dedicated speaker you can buy for half as much.Integration is where I start to have a big issue. There's a big reason most of Alexa's ""skills"" have such low ratings, even if Amazon says a device is ""compatible with Alexa"" you'll still have to download a third party app, set up the new device separately and there's a really good chance it still won't work.Most skills have a 2-3 star rating because it's such a pain to get them to work if they even work at all, and these are from products that someone at Amazon has verified work with Alexa... Maybe a compatibility scale would be better, like 1-5 how compatible is it really with Alexa...Overall a decent product, but I wouldn't buy again with the existing issues."	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s easy enough to connect to your Wi-Fi. It has a jack that allows a 1.8 mini plug to connect to a receiver so as to play streamed music through your normal audio speakers. I but after a few hours of it nothing being played through the Echo Dot the volume resets on it to the lowest setting. Does not matter if the receiver is left on or turned off. So in a few hours if you ask Alexa something you have to go to the Dot and increase volume manually, it may work to tell it to increase the volume, it’s very irritating, is their a way to fix this	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This product worked great at first, but it's been 6 months and it barely functions. My current problem is that for some reason my music won't change volumes. I've tried changing it in the app, on the device, and through voice commands. The overall volume will change, but not the volume of the music currently playing. Which, is a step up from earlier this week when the speakers were randomly deciding not to work for random 30-60 second periods during my music. Also, half of the time it doesn't understand what I'm saying, even when I deliberately speak louder and more clearly. Overall I'm disappointed and more than mildly irritated with how many glitches I regularly experience. I'd list them all, but on top of the main voice recognition and music issues I'm having, it likes to surprise me with what's going to go wrong on any given day. I got this device due to my need to control my lights while on bedrest post surgery, and although I would currently like to throw it straight into the warm embrace of a full speed baseball bat, I'll probably need to keep it until I can switch to a better device. So yeah, it technically can do the job you get it for. Just be prepared to be irritated at any moment during use.	3	May 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I own three of these now, and I am disappointed. I am glad I did not pay full price. These look cool, but when compared to Gen 3, they are just less functional. The voice recognition is awful, I have to practically scream commands at it, and as a soft spoken person that is incredibly frustrating. With a newborn in the house it makes it almoat entirely unusable. Often it will respond to the voice command Alexa, but not to the command after its name. It is ESPECIALLY difficult to drop OUT of drop in calls.  The sound quality is..  So so. It's crisp and clear but quieter than Gen 3, and I prefer the bass quality of Gen 3 as well. The notification sounds are different as well, which is not a downside so much as a confusing change resulting in re-learning the devices ""language"". Overall, it seems like a lackluster version of what I consider an invaluable companion as a mother of 6 and a disabled adult. I have one in every room, including one of the bathrooms, so these are truly something my entire family uses, and we have grown to rely on them for household communication, keeping schedules, and many other things. So for it to not register a lot of our commands is frustrating. I cannot compare to version 1 or 2 but compared to Gen 3... Go with 3."	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	A timer	3	July 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I have a 3rd gen Echo, and three 3rd gen dots and this was my first 4th gen purchase and within a week or so, it began losing connection to the internet and when it would connect back, the 4th gen would ding and light up, but the bathroom dot (3rd gen) would be the one to reply/respond.After multiple troubleshooting steps with the amazon support tech, they issued a replacement. That was fine. Electronics sometimes have issues. Even my 3rd gen Echo had to be replaced - which Amazon did amazing and replaced it, same as this 4th gen dot.However, about a week and a half after receiving the replacement 4th gen echo dot... it began doing the same thing the first one did. It will randomly lose connection to the internet (red ring and ""can't connect"" statement). However, this echo device is closer to my router than my other three (3rd gen) echo dots in the house. And when my 4th gen would finally reconnect, she'd light up blue and ding, but it would be my bathroom dot that would reply to me.After spending an hour or better, going through the same basic troubleshooting that I did with the first 4th gen... and no help, the Amazon tech saw that the bathroom would be the one to respond and that my 4th gen kept going to ""offline""....The end result is... he told me that we had exhausted the troubleshooting steps and that I had two choices. One - a tech could come try to see what the issue was (not a fan of that in this covid society) or a refund and I could repurchase a 3rd gen (since I mentioned that idea early in the talk).I went with a refund. I'll just repurchase another 3rd gen dot. I realize, at this point, no one ""needs"" five echo devices in their home, but Alexa's make our lives easier. I hate to think I won't be able to advance with technology and be stuck on later generations, but I seem to not have (too many) issues out of my 3rd gens, so I'll just stick with them until I have no other option."	2	February 2, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Looks nice but doesn’t do a great job recognizing common requests.	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I was having all kinds of trouble with my two 2nd Gen Dots. I had trouble with them recognizing my accentless voice, trouble with them randomly restarting themselves over and over, trouble with setting them up every time I moved (and as a travel nurse, I move every 3-months), and trouble with them randomly asking me at 3 am if I wanted to hear about new skills. To get them to stop talking, saying ""Alexa, stop"" worked only 50% of the time. The rest of the time I would have to yell for them to stop 5 or 6 times before they would stop. On numerous times I called Amazon for tech support and was assured it wouldn't start spouting skills in the middle of the night anymore, but that was apparently a lie to get me off the phone. The last time I called, an Amazon tech told me the 4th Gen Dots was much superior to what I had. So I promptly bought one, hoping he was at least half right.Nope, other than the looks, I can't tell it's even a little bit different from what I had in the 2nd Gen Dot; sound quality is still very poor, it still can't understand me, and I've gotten the blue light circle of death maybe 20-25 times today alone. Oh, yeah, setting it up wasn't the breeze I was told it would be. In fact, it required ANOTHER call with Amazon tech support to set it up, then another call to reboot it and set it up again. Yeah, I'm REALLY happy I bought this 4th Gen Dot...NOT! And I'm pretty sure it's going to wake me up tonight to tell me about new skills.And, by the way, why in Hell would Amazon sell a dark gray Dot and pair it with a stark white power cable? Is this a joke? Way to go Amazon at showing you are doing the cheapest thing you can and putting absolutely no thought behind it."	2	July 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	At first I really liked it, while our home already had various smart devices, this was the first device I bought to tie everything together and at first it was so cool! But then Alexa started getting slack and now she’s basically useless. First I noticed that when we ask her to turn on the living room light she ignores us, annoying, but ok. I’m not sure if she’s getting confused or being sassy but I’m not a fan. Now it has progressed to when we ask her to turn on the light in the bedroom she turns off the tv and the lights in the living room instead. Not cool girl. I know she heard me, I don’t know why she’s getting an attitude like this but I told her if she keeps doing this ima call her mom so this is that. It’s gotten to the point where the echo dot is so unreliable we basically never use it. I’ve gone back to controlling my other smart devices through their corresponding apps. I also got a google home mini to compare the two and so far the google keeps improving and echo does the opposite. Plus the google lets you change its voice. If I started with the Google I probably wouldn’t have gotten an echo	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It doesn’t let me link my Apple account. I did iHeart & now I don’t see it. Only pandora works but I always have to clear out alexa app to pause it or press next. The voice recognition wasn’t working I shouldn’t have to yell i use my normal inside voice so I never set it up to completion. I also dislike that you have to keep it plugged in to play it that is ridiculous.	3	April 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	All the Echo Dot generations are a great value for what they do for you.I purchased the latest Echo Dot (4th Gen) recently due to a special promotion that was attached to it. I have several Echo Dots (3rd Gen) already.Echo Dot (4th Gen) Pros, Cons & Comparison.Pros: New aesthetically pleasing design, shape and colors. Front facing speaker. Muted color cord. All the previous functions and features of the other dot generations.Cons: Tinny sound quality, hardly any base. Large size 120V plug. Hard to see the activation, notification and problem colored light ring on bottom unless you are directly standing by the dot.Comparison: The 4th gen. is a nice dot but in comparison to the 3rd gen. dot, the 3rd gen. dot has a much better quality sound for mostly listening to music. The 3rd gen. dot has a smaller 120V plug. The 3rd gen. dot sandstone is more of a stark white on the top and flatter like a pancake, which is a harsher look than the 4th gen dot.So, in summary if you use your echo dot to mostly listen to music from, then I recommend staying with the 3rd gen. dot. However, if you use more of the other capable functions/features of Alexa and like the new look of the 4th gen dot, then the 4th gen dot is for you.	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered the charcoal dot so it would blend in. Having a white power cord sort of defeats the purpose. For some people where the cord is hidden, it probably doesn't matter but for others it does, e.g. on a kitchen counter where you can't hide the cords. I'd suggest that whoever sources the power cords for the next generation dots consider matching black cords with dark colors and white cords with light colors. I'm just glad the Fire TV Cube I just purchased had a black power cord.	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I tried several times to make this successfully connect with a 1Mii B06 bluetooth receiver.  As soon as the connection showed up in the Alexa app, the speaker on the Dot stopped working and the speakers connected to the bluetooth receiver never came on.  I did several hardware resets on the Dot and tried installing from a PC as well as the iPhone app.  Same problem each time.  Fortunately, there is a headphone jack, so I connected directly to my stereo this way.	3	March 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	So I have a Amazon Echo. And I love it. So when they had a bundle pack which included Echo Dot and smart light bulb. For $19 & some change. I grabbed it up.How disappointed I am in the Echo Dot. It doesn't seem to work well. And the Amazon Echo dot. Doesn't  listen to questions when asked a simple question.  If you play a game on it. It stops and cuts off mid game. Amazon you have to do better with this. I can ask Google the same question. And it responds quickly.  Amazon says I didn't get that. Over and over. . SMH.	2	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Is it nice to be able to call up a lot of music on command? Well, yes it is. Nonetheless, I sent this item back. Why? One reason is that when you call up pop music you may not always get the version you remember. For example, calling up Chuck Berry's ""Johnny B. Goode"" will get you not the concise early studio version but a longer. later live version that has a lot of filler and omits the last verse. Also, the Alexa voice, after a brief trial period, will try to sell you at four dollars per month a version that allows you to call up precisely the music you want. If you don't subscribe to this service, what you get may not be what you want. For example, if you ask for the 17th piano sonata of Mozart, you won't get it but something like it--unless you pay for the service. The problem for me is that nearly everything to which I want to listen is available on You Tube and with visuals for the most part. So what is the advantage of Alexa? I couldn't see it, but if  you can and it's vital to you to call up what you want, and you don't mind the nearly fifty dollars per year subscription, then go for it. Your money, your call."	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's an Alexa they will continue to innovate it would be great if they would allow custom greeting and alarms and different basic voice options	3	June 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Randomly comes on. Ask it a question and it's completely off kilter.	3	June 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"My echo dot will now always go offline after a period of time. A power cycle will bring it back until it goes offline again. None of the useless troubleshooting steps worked. It is obviously a hardware or software problem. Looking online shows lots of people having the same problem. But since it's after the 90 day warranty Amazon won't do anything other than give a 15% discount off a new one, probably at the list price. That's not an acceptable option.I switched to Echo from Google home devices because Google dropped Play Music and I mostly just listen to my purchased music. Now since it seems the Echo dot is so unreliable I'll have to drop the Echo devices too.Review update: 6/17/2021After I first posted this review I received a call from Amazon/Echo tech support, which was only mildly more helpful than previous tech support.One of the first steps was to power cycle the echo dot. Sometimes the device is slow/never completes the boot. The tech support suggested moving it to a different outlet since the ""power may be bad"". That is VERY hard to believe. Even if it is true this difference between outlets would have to be very minor. Either there is a very poor/sensitive design for the original power brick or this is simply a coded way of saying ""try the power cycle again. I've experienced this multiple times: the device won't boot on power cycle but after another power cycle it will boot successfully.The next step was to reset to factory defaults, which had not been done before. This requires holding the action button down until it says ""resetting your device"", which is after the lights go yellow for the first time and the device says ""now in setup mode"".I got a call back after 24 hours to make sure the device was still working, which it was.It failed again later that day.My experience is that a factory reset will allow the device to work for some time over 24 hours but then will fall into the same pattern: the device goes offline and is unusable.  A power cycle will bring it back but not for as long as a factory reset.This looks to me like a serious software problem. The factory reset clears something that over time fills up or corrupts until the device no longer works.So either I constantly power cycle it, do a factory reset every day, or throw it in the trash and use something else."	1	June 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I had an Amazon Tap and loved it. It could serve as just a wireless Bluetooth speaker or an Alexa driven speaker. This speaker is so limited and slow with its connection to the Alexa app for prime music. And it's wired. AND if you accidentally unplug it, you have to start all over. And my Wi-Fi connectivity with Cox sucks so I had to set it up all over again. Internet traffic and connectivity is never 100%. It's just not what I was expecting. I wish they still supported Tap.	2	September 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	All the Alexa stuff and Amazon stuff work well… but I can’t connect my Apple Music and I don’t use Amazon music. I guess if you use everything Amazon, this would be great for you.	3	June 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Colorful.  Clear voice  with minimal i dont understand.  Very knowledgeable and funny at times with responses	3	June 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I’ve had two first gen Echo devices. After the audio on one failed I ordered one of these. It just doesn’t pickup my voice very well at all. I have to repeat myself to get it to catch almost everyday.	2	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Works just like the rest of the echo dot generations but sound quality is subpar and sounds muffled compared to the 3rd gen. Do yourself a favor and save a few bucks going with 3rd gen models. You can google the muffled issue and its pretty common so its not that I just got unlucky.	2	October 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love the answers Alexa gives me, the easy set up and I found my only dislike is it doesn't go very loud. I can live with it not being over powerfully loud though. I like to still know what's going on around me.	3	May 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Honestly all I can really use it for is telling it to put on NPR or asking it the weather. Everytime I try to listen to a podcast or song and specify from my Spotify it will try to play it from the Amazon versions. When I redirect it has issues connecting to spotify. For podcasts, on the Amazon library it won't let you choose specific episodes, only the latest. Even tasks it claims to be capable of ""Alexa, ask NPR what song this is"" it can't deliver. Honestly frustrating. It wasn't that expensive at least, but not sure the little it does is worth letting it listen to my therapy appointments haha"	2	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not very user-friendly	3	July 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Battery does not work.	3	July 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	After having my original Dot I thought the upgraded version would be better but I was sadly mistaken although aesthetically this dot is nicer the sound quality is not there for it being such a big item compared to the other dots also it seems like I have to talk loud in order for this dot To hear me where the other Old Dot that I had was able to hear me I was even able to whisper to it and it would hear me this dot Cannot hear me whisper .. even though I got it on a promotional price I don't think it was worth it	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Just music	3	July 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My friend sometimes fall while away from her phone, now she can just have her Alexa call me..	3	June 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have found the sphere does not maintain connection to the internet as well as the dot does.	3	June 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Unfortunately I had problems with the continuously trying to play my Spotify. It would go great for I want to say about 3 to 4 song and then all of a sudden the speaker would get really quiet and I would ask Alexa to turn it up but no response. so I've had to restart the entire thing and that seemed to do the trick so far but if anything changes I'll update the review. Oh but the setup is super easy none of it was a hassle.	3	March 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Increíble que la calidad de sonido haya empeorado con esta nueva generación.Por el precio es mejor la previa.	3	June 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The light turned red and none of the answers amazon gives fixed it. So I am looking for an alternative to Elxa.	3	June 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was disappointed in the sound quality. The sound is muffled, not as clear as the earlier versions	3	June 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The Echo is a very good device except in one area. Pairing two Echos for stereo. It's terrible. Delays, skips, stops and out of synch issues. Find a different solution if you want stereo because this one doesn't work very well. Oh, and I have a very strong wifi and they are very near the router.	3	May 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s convenient and cool to have hands free scheduling and music .	3	June 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound is not great	3	June 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Difficult to connect to internet.	3	June 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Wait for a sale and then buy two dots to link together to get stereo. Sound is not as good as Echo, and individually may not be as good as Echo Show 8 (which says it is stereo).	3	May 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I had to yell for Alexa to recognize my commands. The sound quality for playing music was lower than my iPhone speaker. I returned the Echo Dot Speaker and got a JBL Go 3 instead; it has much better sound quality.	3	May 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sounds quality between my older and this dot seem miles apart with the older one being a better choice. Button also seem cheaper.And what product designer puts a white cord with a black unit??	2	October 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I have owned echo devices since the beginning. I was invited to purchase the first ever echo device and have never looked back. The 3rd generation echo dot was a huge improvement in the dot family but the 4th generation is too large (same circumference but double the height of 3rd generation). The light bar is hidden under the sphere and difficult to see. The white cord with a black/charcoal device doesn't make sense. Lastly the plug going into the wall is rectangular and although the 3rd generation plug is too large, the large rectangular is worse, because it juts out to far no matter what direction you are plugging it in. The sound quality may be a tiny bit better, bit not worth an ""upgrade"" if we are calling it that."	2	July 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Package came in the mail on Friday and it is now Monday.Came with the plastic peel but was rather dirty or dusty underneath/ regardless. I bought the echo with some lightbulbs I also had to return so I could use them together (and also for music). The lightbulbs didn’t connect and Alexa hardly ever processes what I am saying. I read that the google version of the same thing allows for more variance in wording, whereas Alexa requires more explicit clarity. As someone who typically phrases simple statements in a roundabout sort of way, it has been difficult. Large gaps of silence while she does not do what I have asked because she doesn’t know what I’m getting at. Personally, these gaps of silence are very stressful and emphasize any preexisting anxiety with whatever task I am trying to do. Now thats more of a defect of mine than a product defect hahaI tried C by GE and also Gosund smart light bulbs and neither could connect to Alexa for separate circumstantial reasons. I don’t see a bevy of solutions suddenly appearing so with a heavy heart I will have to return.But hey maybe for somebody smarter it would work	3	May 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have every generation echo dot and by far the worst sounding one is the most recent dot. I prefer the third generation over them all, the sound quality is pretty amazing for the size device it is. I also have multiple echo shows and an echo plus, all sound great so I was surprised and disappointed in this echo dot. Would I recommend the echo dots, yes, every generation except for the current. Save yourself some money and buy the older generation or go with the echo show or echo plus, you won’t be disappointed.	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"When I bought these devices (I have 3) they were slick.  I offered high praise to my friends.Now they play Amazon advertising.Amazon Music was offered free.  Now its $5/mo. (You know the price will increase).I could request Beethoven, and enjoy him for hours. Now, Amazon Music plays only ""Beethoven and similar"" pieces.  If you request it to skip past a non-Beethoven piece, it says ""Only 6 skips allowed"").Same with ordering Eagles. ""Shuffling Eagles and similar artists."" ""Only 6 skips/ hour allowed.""Furthermore, it ""reminds you"" to buy stuff - i.e. YOU GET ADVERTISING IN YOUR HOME!!!! Just Like Radio!I loved the good old days, no ads, unlimited music OF YOUR CHOICE.The Golden Days of Amazon are Past. You will be disappointed.Don't waste your money, wait for a competitor, or buy a radio.- Dr Black"	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Gave it away. Did want a listening device in my house	3	June 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The look is okay, I preferred the less obtrusive old model. It is maddening because it gives my local news as Washington DC - when I live four or five states away. When I ask to hear the news, it gives me nonsense about MUSE. The accent keeps changing even though I live alone in the house... ugh...	2	September 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I do not like that she will not play a requested song when asked without paying a monthly subscription. She will however play similar music. She does not know the answer to any questions that i ask her so i have to use Google on my phone. First time I used the alarm I couldn't hear it over the music. I tried changing the sound of the alarm in the app but it wouldn't change. I hooked Alexa to a sound bar and now I can hear the alarm. I love that she reminds me to do things when i tell her to. Shes not very good at canceling them though, you can't just say cancel last reminder. I liked the price, around $32 i think and I received a free light bulb that she controls and I love it!!! Sometimes she can hear the faintest saying of her name but at times I have to say it several times before she responds. I am hopeing there is a pin request before she orders something I didnt order such as my son trying to order something, I know I set a pin in the app. She does make phone calls which is cool. The price and the free lightbulb is ultimately why I decided to keep Alexa.	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Clarity is not good. Female voice is muddy perhaps because it tries to boost bass. It also produces random noises at weird times. Don’t think it doesn’t listen as specifically stated by vendor… why would you need to point that out?Prefer the Apple Mini which has much better tonal balance for little less than twice  the price. And Apple’s policy of never eavesdropping.	3	April 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is okay. The speaker is loud and it has bass but overall it’s just okay. The Alexa is cool but not worth it for me. I guess for a inexpensive price it’s not so bad	2	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought the Echo Dot 4th gen. packaged with a Sengled light bulb.  I rate the Dot four starts.  I rate the Sengled negative one.  Here's why.  The Sengled apparently caused a conflict with my Echo Flex.  After  hours of tinkering and setting up my Flex over and over, I unscrewed the Sengled.  The Flex is working fine gain as it had been for years.  The Sengled product defect cost me hours of tinkering.  Usually +4 plus -1 = 3, but Amazon wouldn't let me submit the Sengled separately, so I deduct another point.  What do you expect, I am a lawyer.	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	As a speaker, this works quite well.  But I bought it to work with a couple of Echo Dots to play my CDs on my stereo through the Echo throughout the house.  The Amazon product description implies that this can be done, but IT CAN'T!  I can use the Line-In feature to play my CDs on the Echo (only), but when I try to play to the Echo Dots, it drops the Line-In and only plays another music source.  This is a stupid limitation that Amazon should fix.  And they should clearly state the limitation in their  product description.	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Just a tad creepy sending messages that you'll be home, and they come across a TV that has your acount, not to mention the recording of conversations to be read later.  I wonder how many bought this and didn't read up on it. It may be great for some, but not for me.  We sent it back after 2 days.  If someone got you this as a gift on their account and You live elsewhere....  You may Have Have Zero Privacy depending on what type of person they are. A great gift for a spouse or partner that may be cheating on you	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I’ve had this thing for one month. Figured I would get it so I didn’t have to get up to turn the light off. I have a newborn baby. So far, Alexa doesn’t listen/ wanna work half the time. Also it will turn the light on at random times during the day. The last two days, the lights have been turned on at like 1/2 in the morning and have woke the baby and everyone up. I have to scream at her to work or resort to using the app. Literally hasn’t even been worth the trouble. I wish I didn’t get it.	2	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased the 4th gen echo dot on Black Friday to replace a 2nd gen that has never really worked properly. I have multiple dots around the house (gen 2/3) and now this gen 4.Sound quality:In this aspect I feel Amazon has taken a big step back. The clarity, and sound response to both high and low sounds are better on the gen 2/3 in my opinion. The bass on this new dot is nowhere close to the gen 2/3.Voice recognition:I would say this new gen dot is about the same with the voice recognition. With the caveat that I don’t use many different phrases with this particular dot. It’s pretty much always the same turn on/off items. So there could be improvements here that I have not noticed. I have however noticed that it seems like I have to repeat Alexa more often with this version. I don’t know if that is due to the shape and location of the microphones or not but I definitely have to speak more loudly and some times repeat the wake word to begin the commands.Thickness:I honestly liked the look of the thinner previous generation better than this baseball of a speaker. That is also personal opinion. I just don’t care for the aesthetics as much.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Tengo uno de 3era generación y ahora compré este de 4ta. El nuevo dispositivo es ligeramente más rápido que el anterior y ligeramente mejor sonido.Lastimosamente el cargador es de color BLANCO y mas grande que el modelo anterior, lo que distorsiona notablemente con mi dispositivo color Negro.	3	May 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Once you get lucky and actually have this Echo connect to Alexa it seems to work pretty well. But trust me when I say this... it absolutely is like trying to launch the Space Shuttle when trying to link Echo with Alexa and your wifi... should be way easier.	3	May 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Wishi understood this technology better. I think it should come with a visual booklet establishing what and how to get you set up. Also a step by step guide of what i can expect. A tutorial is what it needs. Wish you would send it to me. I've yet to understand all it's capabilities &  what i can and can't do. For people like me (50 yrs) or older whom are technologically challenged this comes with a great deal of anxiety. And that is being extremely kind. I just wish they had pictures to resort to as well as a step by step visual. And whatever they might be able to do connect for us automatically  to make the transition easier. This would be extremely helpful."	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	From what I can tell this is not an  improvement over the last version. They basically just made them bigger which i think is dumb the whole purpose of the dot is to have a smaller version of the echo. I cant notice better sound or improved bass. i had this and the gen 3 dot side by side with the same song and they both sounded the same. it also seems like Alexa gets dumber and dumber with each update. The one thing I do like about this one over the last one is the blue color.	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have 7 of these. I purchased 2 the rest where gifts. Go with Google instead of this thing. Can't answer simple ? Example What year yes YEAR I asked did The Hard Rock Casino open in Atlantic City NJ open. I asked all of them 7 each one told me They are open 24 hours as an answer. We tried to ask it different ways easily 20 various ways same answer. Asked my Google one gave me the date where it was built and the history of that address before the Hard Rock. Please if anyone can get this thing to answer this simple? Please let me know what you asked. Not just complaining about this 1 incident it always gives me answers to simple ? That have nothing to do with the ? I asked. My advice don't buy anything with the Alexa name to it. Also this was an Alexa ball 4th or 5 the gen I asked. 5 off mine are in that gen. DONT BOTHER GOOGLE BLOWS THESE AWAY!!! Getting rid of all of mine any takers? Only kidding wouldn't want to even give these away they are useless compared to the Google ones.	1	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I received/won this at work.  It took forever to set up and part of the problem was me I discovered that I had the wrong app downloaded on my cell.  (who knew there was more than one) Anyway besides using this for the very basic stuff (alarm, timer, shopping list, weather)  that is about all it is good for.  Don't use for music because I get much better sound from the bose system hooked up to my TV.  Anyway a few days ago all of a sudden it started out of nowhere just saying out the password to wireless router occasionally now as of today this has happened at least 4 separate times.  Well I unplugged the darn thing sorry but that is just creepy.UPDATE:  Amazon did contact me via phone (which did not answer because I did not recognize out of state number) and by email sending me a link to work with trouble shooting to get this thing to work. Honestly as I told them in the email response several things that I tried and that I was done with it.  Will give it to my son and maybe he can get it to work.  My sister has the 3rd generation dot and my mother has either the 1st or 2nd generation tower model and both seem to work fine.  If you want one of these devices I would suggest one of those and not this one.  It also drained the battery on my cell phone too and once I removed that app I did not have that problem anymore either.  However I am done with this I think I can manage my own grocery list and my google app on my android phone does what I need it to.	2	May 30, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Overall I like the idea of having the newest version. However it was a bad idea to place the glow ring at the bottom of the sphere. Often can't see if alexa is listening. Often get a response that she is having trouble listening from the sphere devices. Never had the issue before with my cylinder type. I own 3 of these plus the larger echo. They all have the same issues and all my same complaints. Possible improvement, enhance listening ability, move glow ring to center of sphere (equator type band) or change the light up method.	3	January 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound is better than our older echo dot. But the device is finicky, I often don’t get what I ask for. I’ve been unable ti turn off the message and notifications feature.	3	May 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	First, my old review was deleted by amazon. My reviews are more technical so people who want quality in life can follow. Cheap is anyway food of lazy.Amazon products are in there infancy. They have little to no use. Amazon wants people to buy the cheaper versions of alexa for a reason.Speaking about Alexa, I use to play music. I am already a prime customer, but whenever i try to ask this guy to play something she cant becuase that music is part of amazon unlimited and not in regular amazon music subscription. So basically, amazon wants you to pay another 10$/ month to listen to your songs. If you are getting alexa for cheap, believe me they have a plan to make money afterwards.Also they say there is suppport for apps like spotify and apple music, but in my opinion alexa is rigged to not work properly with these apps. same song which can be easily identified on amazon music, will not produce exact result when you ask alexa to play on spotify or apple music. Literally wasting my spotify subscription.Go for google nest products. Cant stress this enough, but there voice recognition is way better. You have even have long conversations with it. Alexa cant even hear if you call it, during slightest disturbance. If you are playing music above 6 volume, alexa wont hear you. With Google nest you wont face this issue.Alexa is waste for now. Ask time, ask non sense that 2 days entertainment. If you want security and better service go for Google nest products.	1	May 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not loud enough & has to be always plug in to the outlet	3	June 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My intention was to replace a house cell phone system with an array of smart speakers based on an new Alexa/ATT capability to integrate an iPhone with an Echo.  We have 2 phones on a single account which the Alexa/ATT system is not designed for as it turned out after a lot of troubleshooting.  In addition I thought the sound wasn’t as good as it could be, so an higher quality Echo system would be needed if the concept worked.  I kept the Echo Dot because I didn’t have one.	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I loved this Alexa. until until it started making a ridiculously loud static noise. I've only had this for 2 months. Now I'm stuck with it because it's past the return window.. Very unhappy.	2	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Moved the older bedroom Echo out and replaced it with the Gen 4 version. Now the pair of Hue lights in the Group are no longer recognized as ""the lights"" even after redoing everything and Alexa indicating that, oh boy, I can now tell Alexa to ""turn on the lights""!  Nope. Not gonna happen.Yes(!), I googled the issue and discovered that, not only is this a common problem, none of the many proposed solutions worked. Now we're forced to use ""all lights"" or ""both lights"". Like THAT should make a difference.Yes it's only annoying and not a big deal but c'mon Amazon make it do what you say it will do."	2	July 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Me gusta lo fácil de usar, sin embargo no se conecta con mi Xiaomi S box	3	June 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Since this is a 4th generation Alexa echo I thought the sound was going to be somewhat better (I guess we'll have to wait for the 5th or 6th generation for that to happen)	3	May 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have 2 alexa echo dot in my house,one black and one white ,erything it was OK at the first month's but the white one after a couple of months every 10 minutes shut down all my connected devices to it the the help at the center was OK but even they didn't know what happened to my device so I just unplugged it at I have only one now that it works great.the help was pure	3	March 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Adequate if not rude sounding without basic manners	3	June 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It is functional for Alexa, but it isn’t a twofer because as a music playing device it’s scarcely better than a TV speaker.The software has some limitations, like I want British English but if I choose that then the entirety of the Alexa world is assumed to be ij the UK which is a ludicrous assumption. So that means you can’t use Alexa for things like phone calls	3	March 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This speaker is more expensive, larger in footprint, and has less low end bass than the speaker it replaces.If your patient enough to catch the 3rd gen dots on sale at $19.99 buy as many as you can and put them things everywhere.They occupy no space and sound better on there own.There is only one instance where I would recommend a 4th gen Dot and that is for stereo pairing.We have every Echo speaker and a 2.1 stereo pair of these can sound AMAZING with a Subwoofer.	3	February 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Wish the volume would go so much higher	3	June 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I thought it showed a clock so I could keep up with the time, should have returned it for one that does show the time, but overall guess it’s ok!!	3	May 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	wow, talk about five steps back! it is round, so it rolls off surfaces and it is heavy too so when if falls it is dangerous .  for some reason it is like a toddler in its ability to listen and execute requests. it gets the request wrong most of hte time and when it repeats the request accurately it then gets the execution wrong , lol.  it has a hard time connecting to and staying connected to the internet. the light is designed to be at the bottom of the orb , so it is hard to see clearly if it is responding or not.And this is after i became an early adopter of the first version, and was happy with it, and then the first, and 2nd versions of the dot, which were also excellent.  stay with the earlier versions, this one is a strange , one, perhaps an experiment in consumer satisfaction by amazon, lol.  actually, its not funny, as it isn't cheap, and every penny counts . and every minute counts too, not fun wasting time just trying to get simple answers like what time is it or what is the weather going to be for the week or the worst thing it does as a time wasting frustrator--it tells you that you don't have the song or can't get the radio station that you have been using or listening to on all the other devices and even this one just recently !	1	June 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The new Echo Dot arrived already configured for my account which was great.  I ordered the Echo Dot in black but it arrived with a white power cord and white power supply.  I had to call to find out why I got a black unit with white power assy.  The Amazon Rep did not know why this happened, but she was very friendly and helpful offering to replace the unit at no cost.  The Echo Dot was great but the factory checks and balances was poor with mis-matched colored unit with power cord and power supply.	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Like the sound quality.	3	June 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I'm not one to write reviews but I am so disappointed in the product and Amazon as a company that I will take some of my time to let you know (the reader) my experience.....I'll make it simple everything was fine for about 8 months after said amount of time the device disconnected from the Wi-Fi, I figured whatever I'll just reconnect it so I did.... A day went by and and I noticed a blue light circling the device it had disconnected again so I connected it again... To make it short it happened 3 days in a row, I finally decided to contact Amazon, after being transferred 3 times! Someone went through the trouble shooting with me at the end of the conversation the device wouldn't even turn on anymore.. Their respond and this is exactly what they said as I still have the chat open ""I'm really sorry. As the necessary troubleshooting steps were taken and the issue you've described could not be fixed, the best solution is to process a replacement for your device, however the warranty on your device has expired, therefore we would not be able to create replacement."" So now I am out my device and I have to spend $40 to get another.... I will not be getting another one and I won't be renewing my Amazon membership at the end of the my term."	1	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I absolutely love this product. At first I wasn’t thinking about buying, but recently started buying everything  and noticed it said smart “whatever” comes with voice commands Alexa so I bought one to try,.......  I liked how easy it was to turn off and on all my lights in the apartment. Soo I ended up buying two more and putting one in my living room and one in my bathroom becauase I shower listen to music and get ready for work mostly in the bathroom so having Alexa in the bathroom as I’m brushing my teeth asking how the traffic is going to work and Alexa saying how smooth traffic is or tell me when there is traffic is amazing I ride a motorcycle so I make sure she tells me the weather for the day so I can wear my warm gear . All I’m saying is this little thing is amazing, I’m trying to figure out how to set it up like surround sound in my bedroom so I can have better sounds quality when I watch my movies on my roku. Ounce I figure that out this will change to a 5 star. But definitely a great home addition I definitely enjoy it.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	trying to turn off the alarm is hard if you if you touch it anywhere it goes into snooze mode.	3	May 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My only complaint with the 4th Gen Echo Dot is the poor sound quality. The bass is very poor. I did set the bass to maximum in the audio settings but it didn't improve at all. Of course, I didn't expect the bass to be as good as a big sub-woofer but I did expect it to be a little better than the 3rd Gen version of which I have 2. I was disappointed to find that instead of improving it was actually a downgrade. However, it does have much better sound/bass when paired with a decent bluetooth speaker. In my case an OontZ Angle 3 Plus. I tested it in my home and found the range to be 30+ feet with 3 walls in between the devices. Other bluetooth speakers may have more range and even better sound quality too. You do not have voice control through the external speaker but the range on the Echo Dot itself is very good. It can pickup my voice in another room from about 20 ft away. I really like having the Echo Dot in the kitchen and having full use with the external speaker in the adjacent living room. If you want better sound quality in a single unit/package I would recommend the 3rd Gen Dot.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It's nice to have, but hardly worth the hours trying to set it up.	3	June 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Alexa is beyond unreliable, right now we are sitting it the dark because yet again Alexa in both our Echo's has decided to not find any of our smart switches...but thats ok, wait an hour or so and Alexa will work just fine....until it stops working again.What makes this worse is there is zero support from Amazon, their standard answer is ""reset your echo back to factory and start over"".If I could return them and all the switches and get a refund I would, and then look for a system that not only works, but actually has real support for when it doesn't.I have reached out to Amazon and to the makers of the smart switches, but they are just like our two echos......unresponsive.There has to be a better system.UPDATE: June 2021Well, here it is, 6 months of owning 2 Echos....and still the are totally unreliable. Came home tonight to a dark house, and Alexa refuses to connect to any of the smart lights...and tomorrow, when I go to call Amazon support it will work just fine.I truly wish I could send back the 2 echos I have and all the smart lamps and replace them with a system that works consistently, instead I'm stuck with high tech paperweights. At least I now know why the units are shaped like a ball, it's so they are easy to unplug and throw in the trash.The worst part is how totally unhelpful Amazon support has been, their standard answer is ""factory reset it and start over"" is still all they can offer.You would think by now Amazon would have got this tech working correctly. Very very disappointedUPDATE June 20thWell, today both my Echos have finally lost their minds. and no amount of resetting and reprogramming will get them to work. To their credit Amazon did reach out to me but their live support is only open 9am - 6pm weekdays, and Alexa seems to always go rogue in the evening or over the weekend.Bottom line is an Echo is a fun device to play music on, it's a decent alarm clock, and it works for reminders, but if you want it to do home automation, for the sake of your sanity, get something else."	1	May 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I liked her better with my tablet.  I have problems with sound.  she cannot hear me and visa versa at timesI ask for irish tenors with ronan tynan  and john mc dermott.  she doesn't seem to understand	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My dog is afraid of the Echo Dot. It apparently emits a high frequency noise she can hear when activated. She always freaks out when I said Alexa so when I changed the name to Echo, said Echo, and she turned her head and looked in it's direction. I bought these  things last summer and finally got around to turning them on. Can't return them. She's fine when I use the app on my phone. Its too bad, They really sounded good and were very functional	3	February 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"What a downgrade of an upgrade. The light bar on the bottom means you can't tell when Alexa is listening unless the Dot is on top of a shelf, yet because it is no longer a flat design, it does not fit as nicely in tighter spaces. We replaced our Gen 1 Alexa because it felt like it constantly did not understand what we said, writing gobbledegook in our shopping lists. Yet, the exact same problem has continued so I have to imagine Amazon has downgraded the listening tech for those who refuse to let it ""learn your voice"". This item is marketed as a better speaker --- holy moly, what a falsehood!!! We are constantly missing the reminders and alarms because the volume magically jumps around (we checked our default settings and this isn't the problem), almost as if they expect you don't want to be bothered by your alarm going off.As a music speaker, it is a far inferior product to our earlier Alexa. I wanted to return this item and replace it with a Google Home product, but my partner refuses because then our other (earlier version) Dot would be obsolete. Just going to wait for it to fail and replace them both."	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So I received this little toy the other day and set up was easy. 1,2,3 the voice recognition works perfectly. I tried to integrate my existing Sonos system and a few smart bulbs. I initially ran into some problems, the system could not connect or was slow in responding. I am still trying to figure it out. So not so easy to set up these two things. The voice quality could also be a bit better. I am used to Sonos quality so this is clearly inferior to to Sonos quality. Amazon still has some work to do. Overall, I am somewhat happy with this purchase, but will be waiting for a better model to replace this in the future.	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	El equipo en si es muy bueno, sin embargo la integración con iOS no ha sido de la mejor, no puedo vincular mi cuenta prémium de Spotify lo cual fue una de las razones para la compra, estoy en Ecuador así que no puedo devolverlo. De haberlo sabido no lo hubiese comprado, funciona como una bocina Bluetooth normal	3	March 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Doesn't respond half the time and turn on wrong devices all the time. I prefer the 3rd generation better, never had these kind if problems.  Only got it because of a good deal. Probably put up my 3rd generation echo again.	2	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I have to two regular Alexa echos (first and 2nd gen) and an echo dot 3rd gen and this one had issues with its voice recognition. The voice recognition on it for music seems to hiccup where it doesn't for the other Alexa devices I have. It has issues finding certain artists or music and sometimes can't find music it understood correctly. But the Alexa echos all work correctly (for the same songs) v. this ""new"" 4th gen one.Amazon actually called me after this review which I appreciated since they caught me while free and I tried to help me troubleshoot the problem. So that was helpful to learn that I can go into the app and try to help Alexa learn. But it's still weird that the bigger Alexa devices never had this problem. That call/customer service does deserve one star upgrade on its own.  Hopefully this will solve the problem long-term and I'll update the review again if it does. Currently it may be learning with those adjustments I made so I gave it another star for that too.Otherwise the device works pretty well and is loud considering its size. Note, not the best for bass like its larger Echo sibling, but it's not meant to be."	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I will admit, it does not sound as good as some of the other Alexa devices I have.	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Out of all the Alexa devices I've owned/own this is by far the worst one.  It constantly ""locks up"" requiring me to unplug to restart it.  Almost a daily affair.  I'll ask it to do something and it gets stuck on blue light. Really fun since this is in my bedroom and it can be bright when you like a dark atmosphere.  App reports it's ""disconnected"".  I've left it alone 8 hours to see if it fixes itself with no luck.  I'm so tired of unplugging and resetting it all the time.  Just want it to work.  Every other device I have does not have this issue.  I have a Show 5, Dots (4th & 3rd gen), and many others over the years.  This one with the clock...... not worth being able to see the time for this many problems.  So far the issues and the clock are the only difference between a regular dot.  ""help"" isn't much help either.  Would be nice to dim the clock even further or choose a different less intrusive color for a night mode.  I have it on adaptive brightness setting so it goes to the lowest level when the room is dark.  It's still fairly bright that I can use it as a nightlight just from the clock face."	1	July 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Major pain in the butt setting up. I had no problems with my first model Alexa but this was difficult. Had to call tech support and he had some problems setting up. I will say it was good working with him but still wasted couple hours. This Echo Dot also doesn't have the quality speaker of my first Alexa, not close. It's smaller, baseball size, but quality of sound is worse. It was a freebie from On-Star so can't complain too much but would like better quality sound.	3	January 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	UPDATE:  Received a phone call from James , CustomerService, he followed up with an email when he couldn’t reach me. James sent me links to information that solved my problems. . There are now settings which have to be changed to allow more interaction with Alexa and to adjust for background noise. I am adjusting my review to 4 srars for excellent follow up byJames.Would have been 5 if these two items had been pointed out at setup.Slower response, cuts off immediately, doesn’t allow for a second request like our earlier dots. Have to repeat requests.	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Half the time Alexa doesn't respond-doesn't sync well with Amazon smart plug	2	November 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We wanted update our older Echo model and purchased the 4th generation Echo Dot a few months ago. Since we've been using it, we've found that Alexa does not respond very well when we call her. In fact, our older model did much better in this category. I don't think it's an issue of distance or clarity because we can just be a few feet and she won't respond to her name.	2	August 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is very small. I thought it was a upgrade from the sphere it is not. Sound quality is not good.	2	October 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This particular device is especially week it’s week and terms of sound quality we can terms of voice recognition. I’d really like to trade it in on a different model. You’ve done much better with many other models. Why would you put out such a week offering is this?	2	September 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It is impossible to integrate Apple Music and other apps outside US. Spotify was available but so glitchy. Also, Amazon needs to figure out family accounts because having to reintergrete my Fire TV because it was in my hubby's account but other appliances I had before were on mine was a nightmare. You can only control the echo dot from one account which has to match the account of other Amazon appliances.	2	August 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought one prior to this and it didn't work, it was the bigger one that is supposed to have better sound and I sent it back, picked this one on sale, installed easy and I'm happy with it, I would recommend this product.  Much less than installing ceiling speakers throughout the house.  The only problem as with others if you have a personal music collection and are using Amazon free you cannot use your collection without Plex server or an external device.  I'm not a big listener to music and there are others like me that doesn't justify 11 dollars a month in a music service.  If Amazon would let you upload your music collection I would have given this 5 stars.  Took another star off because Alexa is incapable of giving past weather reports.	2	May 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Voice recognition features work fine, but the sound is pretty awful when listening to music.	3	June 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Gifted this to my mom. Hard to get it to work to my new home wifi etc	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Purchased two Echo Dots. One would consistently connect to a network extender with a poorer signal. Took several attempts to get the device to connect to the primary wi-fi. The second Echo Dot is adjacent to the Samsung TV (which has it's own Alexa control, except for on and off). The plan was to use the Echo Dot to control the on/off and all of the other TV controls (channel changing, cable box interface, etc.) After removing Alexa control from the TV's internal Alexa app, the Echo Dot works about 50% of the time. Typically it will not turn the TV on and off with any consistency. If it does, on some occasions it works as advertised, changing channels while interconnected to the cable box. However, in more frequent instances when asked to change channels it responds with ""OK"", but the channel doesn't change or it responds with ""if using another AV device, you will need to connect that device"".  Very frustrating. Resigned to using the Samsung built in Alexa and using the Echo Dot as a standalone device."	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is great! Got it for my kiddos room so he can play music and make Alexa make fart noises.At 3am I hear a high pitch noise followed by loud static. It stops and a few minutes later starts back again. Scared the crap out of me. It is now unplugged :(	2	September 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Alexa can't seem to figure out one Roku from another.  Commands beyond ""lights on/off"" work about 50/50."	3	June 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Though it may play richer sounding music - this gen 4 shares the gen 3 more muffled, less crisp vocals of the gen 2 - and since I listen to her words more than music I am not impressed. Too many times I have turned to my wife and said,""  What did she just say ? ""  But the real kicker is her response to the wake word. I thought the new shape would help her hear us better and help us see her better. Reality is her lights are on the bottom and harder to see than the gen 3 on top if it is placed back a ways on a piece of furniture - and I don't know where exactly the speaker is - but her lack of hearing her name called... requiring us to repeat commands twice ... occasionally three time is so annoying that I may well send it back before the time is up.  Gen 3 you could lay in bed sideways and say 'lites out' and out they would go.  No so with the ball placed exactly where the old gen3 was.  Overall.... it looks great... but performs worse than the gen 3 it replaced."	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Disappointed. I’ve had a couple hours to play with the newest of my echo devices and I’m not impressed. Sound quality is poor, volume is way low (lower than expected on max) and crackly, as if the power adaptor was being wiggled. This is a speaker and meant to be enjoyed for its sound and everything else is a secondary bonus. My rating is primarily  based on sound quality and ny ability or inability to hear whatever is coming out of the device.I don’t like the white power cord either. It gives the impression of a mismatch (white cord, black unit…weird!).It works fine otherwise. Cool sleek sphere (ugly power cord!), and performs as expected in all other areas.I’ll continue my review in a couple days, after I’ve had more time to explore and more the dot to a couple different locations to see if it performs better in another location. But, right now, very disappointed.Update: very sensitive microphone! This device will pick up your voice for other rooms! That has its ups and downs. If you have multiple echo devices, it may cause some confusion among them. Also, for tasks that only a “Show” can perform, you will be told just that if the dot picks up the voice command. The echo show seems the more timid introvert of the two echo devices. Unfortunately this causes a problem in my home. So, Dot has been muted, to prevent it from picking up my voice. Very unfortunate. Now it’s merely a speaker for music more or less when and only when I engage the whole house group. So, my rating remains the same.	2	June 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The sound quality is poor. My older (3rd generation) echo dot sounded louder than this one.	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The charcoal echo that I ordered was delivered with a white power cord that does not match the device. The white cord, with the big white power block makes for a conspicuous and ugly set-up in my living room. I think I prefer the inconspicuous 3rd generation dot.	3	April 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have 2 routers. Constant battle with speakers to keep on the same router. Music play is inconsistent. Not happy with the new alexa. Amazon should be better. And the alexa app is not user friendly. Impossible to edit, remove, change location of speakers once set. The whole alexa product needs an upgrade.	2	September 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So for christmas I was lucky to receive 2 new 4th Gen Dots. One was a white one with clock ( made in China, but don't focus too much on this ) and a regular 4th Gen Dot in black ( made in Vietnam ). I immediately went on to pairing these two into a stereo pair ( you can link 2 echo's of the same Gen together to play music in stereo ) because I always wanted to check it out. I noticed straight away that the difference in sound quality was Vast. The Dot with clock was Way Louder and had a good bass and midrange to it, much better sounding than the 2nd gen dot it was replacing, by a lot. The clock one I'd say is almost too loud at max.The regular 4th Gen Dot though? Even at max volume it didn't get even near the clock's volume when the clock was at half! I really mean it was way lower volume than the clock one, it's not something that's subjective. Outside of the volume though it sounded tinny and weak like an old cellphone. I don't even want to say it's got, like, no bass or something like that. It's just a straight weak mono-sounding blahhh.So, how do I write a review when 1 out of the 2 sounds Really great IHMO, and the second sounds worse than my 2nd gen dot and worse than an old cellphone? I guess a 2/5. But please consider there was a major difference in the products I received and maybe hold out until there's a definitive answer to the differences. (the fact that they're made in two different countries is just speculation at this point, as is colors and clock. Just keep that in mind. It may just be a software thing )	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Dot	The activation ring is at the bottom of this Alexa. It makes it hard to see unless you are standing a distance away from it. The original dot with the activation ring on the top is much better	3	May 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"It works well and voice recognition works well. I use it to voice control devices in my home and it works flawlessly.As a Bluetooth speaker, it does have a very annoying ""feature"", it announces when it starts playing from the cellphone or PC; ""Playing from ...."", very loud, almost screaming. People have been complaining about this issue for years and Amazon shows no interest in at least providing an option to disable this ""feature""."	3	February 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It talks thru my phone can't get to speak thru device.	3	June 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like the Alexa itself but the speaker is mediocre in sound quality and it disconnects from the lights all the time to where it is almost more convenient to turn the lights on and off by hand but then you have to set up the bulbs again so it gets tiring. It could be because of the internet connection but I don’t think it is. Overall a descent product.	3	February 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Cannot be used as a standalone Bluetooth speaker. It has to be connected to Wi-Fi to work. It will not pair with my phone without Wi-Fi. Very disappointed!Have only used it to play music.	3	May 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound	3	June 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I really enjoy my echo dot, but.... it's kinda frustrating. I purchased some lightbulbs to work with it and they worked beautifully for the first few days. Then I was super tired one night and OMG, FLIPPED THE SWITCH! They haven't worked since. So I contact support and they want me to unscrew the bulb from the ceiling and rescue it in THREE. TIMES! Ok. So I'm kinda old and have no balance and other stupid old people problems. Me on a stepstool, trying to do this is crazy! I mean, my son had to come over and install them in the first place. (Insert eye roll here, because that made me feel super old as it was.) I also have issues with flashing lights. Installing a light bulb includes a flashing series to sync. Ugh! So now I have really expensive bulbs that don't do anything. Customer Service didn't understand why I was having issues. Very frustrating!!!!  When bulbs are sold, a switch cover should be included.Alexa only recognizes my voice and not my son's.It would be nice if there were a routine for her to recognize my pets names. There might be, if so, I haven't found one yet.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Despite what the app, and all the advertising says, the integration between these and Apple is miles from being useful. Check the reviews for the Apple Podcasts skill for more info.To listen to something, you have to yell at your speaker the very specific instructions you want it to follow. As an example, you have to look up (in another app) that the podcast episode you want to listen to is number 545, then yell at the speaker ""alexa, play MyCoolPodcast episode 545 from Apple Podcasts on bathroom Echo Dot"". If you'd rather just click a button in your Apple Podcasts app, or in the Alexa app, you're shucks out of luck. Playing the latest episode works perfectly, but doesn't sync position or played status with Apple Podcasts, so I hope you want to listen to the whole thing at once, or don't mind scrubbing around in your app when you go for a walk or drive and want to pick up where you left off.This wouldn't be an issue if Amazon's Podcasts app had a decent selection of podcasts, but they don't. It also wouldn't be an issue if said app allowed you to add podcasts by URL, but it doesn't. As it is, you have to rely on the above clunky method to listen to things, which is really not user friendly. Amazon's ""support"" will run through their script, but save yourself the time, the buttons you are looking for don't exist.Apple figured this whole process out with their Homepods, and Google figured this whole process out with their Nest things, and both have far better podcast apps than Amazon does."	2	June 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I had nothing but problems with all three older echo dot third generations and I was hoping that this newer fourth generation would not have any of the same problems as the third generations but it has more problems and I don't know why it was released to market with so many problems with it. The Alexa App is also extremely problematic with it only recognizing less than half of the routines programmed into it. The pronunciation of words is highly problematic. Most of the time it does not know how to say it so it spells it out instead of speaking it or at times it will say the word properly only to not be able to pronounce it later on again. Another ongoing problem is that it will not recognize a TV to turn off and on but it cannot adjust the volume on it or recognize the TV. These echo dots and the Alexa app has tremendously stressed me out to the point at times I am having to take medication to control the stress. I have not had to cuss at something so much as I have had to with these devices and they also abduct your stations you want to listen to and forces you to listen to fake news and music you hate and other things that are a direct violation of my civil and Human rights. Amazon does not allow you to stop these horrendous problems in your personal life. We are being forced to listen to this tripe and we have no way to stop or block it.I purchased another 4th generation hoping that by now that Amazon had finally worked out the bugs but alas, they haven't. I guess Jeff Bezos is not interested in his reputation, except for being the richest man on Earth. I installed this new 4th generation echo dot and now none of my echo dots will turn on any of my televisions despite registering them numerous times and linking Alexa to the LG app. I am afraid to call for support or help because every time I do they mess up my Amazon account and now I am paying for thirteen separate Amazon Prime accounts each month and they refuse to do anything about it because they don't now how to fix the damage they have done.	1	May 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I just purchased two new 4th gen Echo Dots for my house since one my 3rd generation Dots is being a bit finicky and I got a good deal for Prime day on a package deal.  They arrived today and after opening the box, the first thing that I noticed is that the Dot is Black, but the power cord is grey.  Maybe I'm just being anal retentive here, but if I have a black device I want a black power cord!  I think it's weird that the cord and the device are different colors.  Also, the part of the cord that plugs into the wall is much larger than the 3rd generation Dot which is inconvenient.As for the sound quality, the Dot sounds very tinny and no matter how much I play with the equalizer, I can't seem to get the same rich sound I get from my 3rd generation Dots.  I also don't care for the fact that the light ring is under the device so it's hard to see if Alexa heard me or not.Overall, I have to say I'm pretty disappointed with this new device and although I am keeping one of them since it was part of a package deal, I'll probably be sending the other one back and get a 3rd generation one instead.  It's surprising since the difference between the 2nd generation and 3rd generation Dots was so remarkable and it was such an improvement, but this Dot doesn't live up to its predecessors level of advancement when it comes to sound or design.	2	June 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Spotify does not recognize the 4th gen but does the other gens. Have tried everything.....frustrating	2	October 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Black 4th gen doesnt come with clock display. Kinda lame cause I saw the image and wanted it with the clock, and chose the black one, but its only available on the white one.	3	May 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Two-day old device and it's completely unreliable as an alarm. I just happened to be awake this morning at alarm time. I heard one little whisper of an alarm and she went silent. I waited a few minutes and the same think occurred. So, I asked her if any alarms were set. She confirmed there was, but it was snoozed until what ever time. I waited and nothing happened. I asked her again. Now she was snoozed to a later time. She's snoozing herself. That's my job! Doing some research, this appears to be a problem with at least the 4th gens. Amazon: alarms must be 100% reliable. Period. End of discussion. I had to let Alexa go today. I wished her well in her future endeavors, but recommended she not do anything that could risk people being late... and losing a job... or missing some medicine...UPDATE:While Amazon reached out pretty quick on this review, they haven't been helpful. Here's some help pages. is about it. So, it was left to me to debug their defective product. And it is.... drum roll... Fan noise. Did some A/B testing and sure enough the snooze works properly when there were no fans running in the room. The next test will be repositioning the Echo in the room to see if I can minimize the effect.	1	July 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound volume for music is good, just a bit too far on the base side, even after adjusting the treble to max. There are lots of cool features but they don’t perform as well as I’d like. For example:After answering a question, Alexa doesn’t understand the request “repeat that” or “say that again”, she just responds by saying “there’s nothing to repeat”.She also has this feature where after she answers a question, she’ll say “if you’d like to hear more about (..so and so..), just say tell me more about “so and so) .., BUT when I say “ tell me more about (so and so)” immediately after, like she suggests, she says nothing. Just silence. And yes I have “follow up mode” enabled.I also set up a speakers group cuz I have two echos, but that function rarely works. And if only one echo plays music, telling the other echo to adjust or even stop music doesn’t work. She just says “ there’s nothing playing right now” even though the other echo is blaring music.The software needs much improvement. I returned it and stuck to my “other” personal assistant from a different company that already controls my home.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Like nothing about it vs my little puck Alexa’s. She does not pickup you talking to her if there’s slightest bit of other noise in house. I have 5 other Alexa’s throughout my house and I can be right beside this one and if I try to ask it a question or engage it it sets idle and doesn’t acknowledge. Only way it does Without any of my other Alexis trumping is if I bend down close and whisper just To it!!! Very aggregating!	2	August 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"My Echo Dot works pretty much the way I expected it to.  But, I did not anticipate the wonky performance of Alexa compatible devices.  I use 4 Kasa Smart switches for 4 lamps throughout my house.  The switches work reliably as long as I use the Kasa app.  But, the Alexa interface with the Kasa app is completely unreliable.  I must reset the connection with Alexa multiple times each day.  Inevitably,  when I want to turn on a lamp.  It doesn't work & I must invoke the Alexa app to ""Discover Devices"" again.  It's easier just to turn on the lamp normally.  It's NOT the switches.  It's the connection between the Kasa app & the Alexa system!UPDATE: Because of my unfavorable review of Alexa systems, an Echo Dot rep contacted me. (Note: the rep was only qualified on my 2 Echo Dots. I also have an Alexa Fire TV Cube that the Echo Dot rep could not discuss. A different Alexa customer service office handles the Fire TV Cube. Very inconvenient!) After more than 2 hours on the phone & more iterations of diagnostic steps than I can remember, we determined that the Kasa TP-Link software needed to be updated & all Alexa & Kasa devices, including my wireless router, needed to be rebooted by disconnecting power & restarting them. The rep followed a script initially, but soon exhausted that & resorted to basically ""trial & error"". The good news is that, after a week of flaky Alexa performance, I have been able to use Alexa to control my Kasa switches for 24 hours without interruption. Wooo hooo! I still give Alexa two stars for performance, but I give the Echo Dot rep 10 out of 5 stars for perseverance!"	2	January 2, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I seem to lose the connection to lights a lot, the echo will light up when I say “Alexa” but then stops before I can say anything else. I have yell at the echo to work most of the time.I kinda regret changing from Google home.	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've used these sorts of Amazon products for years and years, but no more. The devices themselves are pretty decent, the sound quality is good for what it is, the voice recognition could use some work, and they generally look nice.My issue come in with the fact that I have been buying these products for probably a decade or so and now the only way I can manage them is through a horrible phone app. You can't fix or do basic trouble shooting without having to contact Amazon and have them talk you through a procedure that is about opaque as a sheet of lead. I don't have time for this.If your product interface is so bad that I have to call someone that I have a difficult time understanding because I have a hearing issue, then it is not worth buying. I am qualified to install a weather radar in the nose cone of a modern jetliner, but I need tech help for something that should take no time to resolve? No thanks! Save your money and use a different system. Or stick with Alexa, I have a bunch I will sell cheap.	2	January 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I've been living with this gizmo for a few months now and finally..I unplugged it and put it on a shelf....no longer using it...yes for getting the weather forecast and the time of day..getting your shopping list it's fine but other than that it will not even attempt to answer even the slightest of philosophical questions..even many historical questions are replied ""hm..I don't know that"" I just don't think it's much of a VI companion. Maybe my expectations were to high and it's just my opinion."	2	August 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I got this as a gift for my roommate for the holidays, but this thing is a glorified furby. It only responds when it wants to, and sometimes it just chimes or says “sorry, I didn’t catch that” when NOBODY is even talking let alone talking to the Alexa. Idk if I got a botched echo or if they’re all like this, but I have no idea how Amazon can justify the price for this when it does not work properly. Seriously, here are just a few of the other “perks” that come with the echo:1. When paired with a fire stick, it automatically searches for movies/shows on the fire tv app, despite being told to “play shrek on Hulu” or “search DC movies on HBO Max.” It just responds with “sure, playing [blank] on fire tv,” at which point the Echo just tried to charge you money for the rental in the fire tv app.2. Sometimes, it just decides to not recognize a paired device in the Alexa app. For example, we have some smart bulbs in the kitchen and we’ve labeled “kitchen lights “ in the app. But there’s a 50/50 change that when we say “Alexa, turn on kitchen lights” she either turns them in OR she says “I’m not seeing anything called kitchen lights, check the Alexa app for available devices.” It really makes the whole “smart” aspect of the smart lightbulbs useless, especially since it’s about $30 for four smart bulbs.3. If you use the echo to set a timer, you basically have to unplug if when you want the timer to stop blaring because Alexa doesn’t respond to “Alexa stop” or “Alexa turn off the timer”4. If you want to dim your smart bulbs to approximately 30%, the echo just turns off all but one light bulb. Whereas, when we would ask our google home to dim smart bulbs, it would actually dim all the selected smart bulbs instead of just turning off certain/nearly all the bulbs and claiming its work is done.5. Sometimes it just turns on and tells us the weather or says “I can’t do that” even though nobody has said anything to the echo or mentioned “Alexa.”On my next day off, I’ll try to update my review with videos of the echo and these “perks” so that potential buyers can witness exactly what I’m talking about.	1	January 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Sound clarity	3	June 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I just wanted to be able to play my preferred music/video app from my smart device. Sounds like a simple task that should work right out of the box.Amazon Alexa simply tells me ""Go spin, ya like apple music though right?"".Sure. I can pair to my phone. SURE. but then I can only use 1 speaker at a time. I can't play it through my whole house, just 1 speaker. That's ALL you get. If I wanted a single speaker Alexa I'D BUY A PORTABLE BLUETOOTH ONE Let's say you capitulate and decide ""Oh sure, I'll get amazon music"" an app that feels and looks like something your boomer father accidentally downloaded instead of Pandora and now you have to help walk him through it. And let's say you got an Echo and a plus...Well guess what sweetheart, they're not compatible in stereo EITHER.I am not quick to anger. I'm a VERY patient person (I worked at a help desk for two years, if that doesn't turn you into a zen master, I don't know what will) but this...thing, it made me VERY angry, very quickly. I was visibly shaking with how frustrated I was at the awful experience I got, right out of the box.I'm getting a nest. I'll update this review with my findings there.And for fairness sake, sound quality was middling but not bad, voice recognition was okay. Don't buy this, it sucks."	2	September 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	it is not as easy to use controls wise as the previous flat version	3	May 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've the the old echo puck style I think 2nd gen and it works better then this new one. Voice recognition is horrible. Always have to repeat myself if it even hears the wake word at all. But the sound has really improved. The first dot I received would not connect to the wifi. Even called Amazon and after 45 minutes it was deemed inoperable and needed replaced. I dont suggest getting the new echo.	2	August 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I decided to purchase two of these 4th gen echo dots to replace two 3rd gen echo dots in my office and guest bedroom. I absolutely do not like the new shape of the new echo dots (they're less sleek in my opinion), but I thought the improved audio would be worth sacrificing the design of the product. I watched a review on YouTube that was about the new Amazon Echo. It stated that it had better speakers than those of the previous model. I figured the audio ought to be better on the dots as well since they have a similar build. I WAS WRONG. After setting them up and creating a speaker group, I played music and learned VERY QUICKLY how horrible the audio really is. There is absolutely NO BASS. The 3rd gens sound MUCH BETTER! I even changed the bass, mid, and treble settings in the app. I'm not much of a fan of the audio on the Echo Show 5s (they start to crackle after a while), but those honestly sound better than the 4th Gen Echo Dot. Unfortunately, before trying the new dots, I sold my 3rd gen dots. I am now returning these 4th gen dots and purchasing 3rd gen dots (again) which will not arrive until mid-February. Honestly, I'd rather wait for the 3rd gens to come in than to hold onto these horrible 4th gens forever.With all of this being said, this would be a great device for someone who uses their echo devices for anything else besides playing music. The assistant is responsive and works like a charm. I use my echo devices primarily for music, so these did not make the cut.Echo Dot 4th Gen, you've gotta go sweetie. Please take your chair with you.	2	December 11, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"I mainly use (or try to use) my echo dots just for smart home control. They have a lot of trouble with voice recognition, making it infuriating at times. For example, I've said ""Alexa, turn on the living room light"" and it seriously replied ""I cant find a device called closet door."" This happens about 50% of the time or more. I end up having to say ""Alexa off"" or ""Alexa stop"" and asking again a couple of times before anything works. It doesn't seem to learn your voice like the google home/assistant does.The sound quality is pretty bad if you want to listen to music with it. Its all kinds of muddy and unclear. The 4th gen is NOT much better than the 3rd, if at all. I swear it sounds basically the same but in a different housing. Get a real speaker if you want it for musicI deeply regret investing in the Amazon Alexa ecosystem. I honestly prefer to manually utilize my smart home devices with their accompanying apps on my Android phone over my echo junk. Sure, its less convenient, but its quicker and less frustrating since I don't have to argue with Alexa's dumb-a-s-s. Eventually I'm just gonna use them for target practice, I feel it coming pretty soon."	1	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I live in a 27' RV. I bought this junkie thing to ""upgrade"" my Dot gen 3. I'm fairly computer literate and have set up many dots over the years for myself and friends. This one is by far the worst Echo I've ever seen. It refuses proper setup, can't stay connected to Wi-Fi, and has really bad bass - as I found on those rare times I've been able to get it to work for a few minutes. I thought I could use them both to cover more of the sound spectrum when playing music, but this new (much lower quality) dot won't play music if the other dot is playing. (This problem has been fixed.) Bottom line: if you have a Echo Dot Gen 3, seriously, don't waste your money! Gen 4 is junk and the Gen 3 has way better sound. I think Amazon has been paying reviewers to give it a good review. If you look at my other reviews, I tend to look for the good in what I review, this one has very little good to talk about. (Disclaimer: it may be this particular unit, but the package arrived undamaged.)Update: A very pleasant Amazon employee contacted me after I left the original review. We worked on getting the Dot set up and I agreed to try it out until mid-January to give it a fair trial. It's now been a couple of weeks and my opinion of it hasn't changed. It sounds more tinny, even after tweaking the equalizer settings. The Gen 3 sounds almost like a Bose speaker by comparison. And as far as I've discovered so far, the Gen 4 does nothing that the Gen 3 couldn't do.Update: It's been a couple of months. I didn't return it because doing so would be too much of a hassle and I figured I would give it to someone who's just starting out. I have been using it, though, to give it a chance. My initial opinion of it hasn't changed. I can't find anything about it that makes it better than my Gen 3. At this point, I feel like it was a total waste of cash. The thing is sitting right next to my bed and it sometimes has trouble hearing its wake word. Next type the actual Echo device goes on sale, definitely upgrading."	1	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"I use a Surface edge, with an Alexa free app that came with my laptop. Got the Echo Dot to ""augment"" my set-up, but I have to use either my laptop speakers. Or the Echo Dot speaker. I cannot find a way to configure the laptop, to use both at the same time... I received the Echo Dot as a gift, so it's not like I thought this all out ahead of time. Jeff-"	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Doesn't pair well when syncing all echo devices together within a household. It is also not as compatible with Apple products. For example, you cannot play music for your apple library only per request to Alexa to play designated things after defaulting the speaker to Apple music which is very limited in comparison to the seamless experience with most speakers on the market you can just sync to your phone and manage from there. I believe that this product could be more user-friendly which is why it went back.	2	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have several Echo Dots, but I was still enticed by a Prime Day sale to purchase this 4th Gen Echo Dot.  The promise of better sound quality persuaded me to purchase this Dot for the master bedroom to replace a  2nd of 3rd Gen Dot which would move elsewhere.  It connected very easily and it looked like a good purchase.  My first problem came the next morning when I asked Alexa to wake me with music.  At the requested wake time, it woke me with an alarm instead of music.  So then I just asked Alexa to play music.  It did so but with several periods of silence.  I tried the alarm with music the following morning again, and this time I did get music, but only for 5 minutes when it went silent again.  I suspect that the problem may be internet access, but I can say definitively that the 2nd or 3rd Gen Dot that was displaced by this 4th Gen Dot never had this problem when stationed in exactly the same spot.  BTW, the placement is only 20 feet from my AC router that is rated at 100 Mbps and gets a consistent 30 Mbps at its weakest.  And it is a direct line of sight from the router to the Dot placement through an open bedroom door, so there is nothing impeding the signal.  We have been and will be away from home until July 10, but I'm sure that I am going to return this device	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"Lots of other reviewers have written about the voice recognition, routines, how it looks, how it sounds. This isn't one of those reviews. The Philips Hue skill is great until it breaks. Which is every couple of days.You see, in order to allow Alexa to control your Hue lights you have to set up a ""skill"". In the app, you connect Alexa and Hue together so they know about each other and in particular, so Alexa knows about your lights, switches and sensors. Well every few days, Alexa has an episode of dementia and forgets about your Hue lights. This is especially annoying if you have Hue sensors set up to do stuff when triggered. So you go into the app, connect Alexa and Hue back together and then it *will* break again in a few days. This has been going on for years. So my plea to the Amazon team responsible for this... what will it take to fix it?"	1	October 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Gen 4 has a proximity function that sends out a signal and is suppose to recognize when a person is coming near it, it will turn on room lights without speaking a ""wake word"" and ""routine"" statement. It only works intermittently, and rarely at that.It's MASSIVELY ANNOYING!"	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I got this for signing up with Sirius XM. I simply wanted to use it to stream Sirius XM, period. Was Sirius XM listed in setup apps? NO. I tried repeatedly to downlowd it and link it thru both apps. No luck. I tried talking to ""Alexa"", asking every way I could to help me link my Sirius XM account! She misunderstood everything. I was reluctant to even have one of these invasive devices in my home, but thought I could just use it as a speaker outside to play my sattelite radio music. Nope! After 2 hours, I had a headache, and put this evil monster back in the box. I'll stick with my wired hi-fi speakers I guess. I am so sick of stupid new ""smart"" technology!!"	2	May 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My item has came in this morning but the size of the product is at least 3-4 inches i thought that this product would be bigger but over all this item is good	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I first bought one on prime day, but a day after I bought it they said it wouldn’t come in till September. So I reach out and one of their customer service agents said I could get a refund of the difference if I return one and get a new echo that would come sooner. Ended up return one and getting another then once that one came in it reach out for my refund. They then told me that they couldn’t give me after purchase. Even though I did just as I was instructed by the first person a takes to. It was very bad customer service of multiple people saying different things and telling me regulations and guidelines rather then helping with the issue.After getting the product though I would say that I am more happy with it then with the second generation. It has better sound, voice and connect ability.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Voice recognition not great, and do not like its ""partial on"" mode, where it appears listening randomly."	3	May 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound is so much better on this, reason I only gave 3 stars is, firstly to talk to her I have to literally stand right next to it, secondly my internet signal is fine yet every few minutes when listening to music it stops then after few seconds starts again , it is now really doing my head in. I also ordered this in November for Christmas,  it took over a month to turn up and was late for Christmas	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I hooked it up in anticipation of an easy setup, but the app could not be downloaded to my iphone.So, at this point I am wondering how you guys can help me get your product up for me. I have heardthis issue among other people as well.Please contact me to resolve this. At this point it just sites there, inert.	2	August 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not sure why but it frequently goes orange which means looking for internet. Doesn’t wait for me to say my whole request.  Cuts meOff basically	3	May 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like the design, the price was ok. I was looking to upgrade on sound just a bit. It does that, however when playing music there are song stoppages. Wi-Fi is fine and connected so Idk maybe I just got a bum one.	3	April 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have been using multiple Echo Dots (4th Gen) for the past few months, primarily to be used as multi-room speakers. They FREQUENTLY stop playing music for no apparent reason (literally multiple times a day).  I have spent HOURS and HOURS troubleshooting (both independently and with tech support), resetting, isolating, etc. without any progress.  I've tried various music providers; it happens regardless of the service.  However, if I play music through my car speaker or strictly on my phone, the music never stops.  So it is very obviously the Echo Dots that are having the issue.I used Google Home speakers for years without any problems.  I only switched because I was moving, wanted additional speakers, and the Dots were priced right on Prime Day, so I made the big switch.  I very much regret that decision. I should have stuck with Google.  I am ordering new Google Nest speakers as soon as I submit this review.  I will be ditching the Echo Dots as soon as they arrive.I gave them 2 stars because when they are working, they're great.  I just can't rely on them to work consistently.  So disappointing.	2	December 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The 4th generation echo picks up my voice from two rooms away. Other dots(3rd gen) in the room I'm in ignore my voice and the and the 4th gen dot responds.  It's super annoying to hear it in the bedroom when I'm in the kitchen. The kitchen and living room dots are closer.	3	March 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I love my Echo devices and have been adding to them regularly intending to have one in almost every room.  When the new 4th Gen Dot came out, I got one in Dec 2000.  The sound is ok but I personally couldn't detect a huge difference in quality over my older Dots.  The underlight is neither better nor worse than the older models.  I have no idea why the power supply changed to a much bigger one or why it and the power cord are white while the Dot itself is charcoal.  An odd choice in my opinion and the charger is harder to position in some outlet locations due to it's size and the much larger shape and size of the Dot .  None of these factors really added any value to justify the higher cost to me.  After about 5 months, the Dot stopped working.  Alexa told me she could not connect to the internet.  I unplugged it and restarted and it worked for a while but then stopped again.  I even reinstalled it in the app just in case.  I also moved it into the same room my wireless router is in to see if it was a signal strength issue but it still would not connect.  I checked Amazon to see if I could get it replaced but the warranty date was passed.  Shortly after this I saw that the new Dot was on sale so I bought another one about Mid June thinking perhaps my first one was just a bad unit.  The new one seemed to work fine up until today, Sep 6, when it did the exact same thing and will now not connect to the internet and it is also now out of warranty. To say I'm disappointed would be putting it mildly.  All of my older version Dots and Echo Plus are still working great.  I would gladly return these two new devices for two old and reliable versions.	1	September 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I just wanted to have it for voice commands: lights, weather, music, time etc…It seems to connect to the tv’s.  But it stays on red even after doing connecting which I try everyday	2	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	There are a few privacy features that are automatically turned on that were troubling to discover.  A lot of quiz and game content, like escape the room, requires payment to get new content.  She often unsinks with devices that are connected to the same network that claim to be compatible.  Not sure which product is failing there.  I speak very clearly and she mishears me all the time.  At times I have to repeat myself a lot to get her to understand.  The sound quality is pretty good for music and podcasts.  I’m disappointed that it can’t even tell me what the different colored lights mean or assist me with understanding the product better.  You would think the product manual would be a part of the programming.  The connected app is unhelpful and you cannot preview features before you download them.  My routines sometimes become inaccessible for some reason.  If you are going to use it for music and podcasts, it’s great.  Everything else is mediocre.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"*new update: I never have the volume past half way and it now distorts and doesn’t receive commands well at all. Time to get a gen 3. Gen 5 better have major improvementsUpdate: After speaking with an Amazon employee, they reminded me that changing or resetting the ""wake up word"" could possibly help the problem. After cycling through all available names, including the new Ziggy, it still is equally unresponsive and/or doesn't answer questions properly. If I reword the question and get an answer, it is the same answer. Get the upgraded bigger version and install this thing in a corner, it.does not pick up your voice well if you aren't speaking directly to it within 5 feet.I had the echo dot (gen.2) prior to this one and it was more responsive and heard my voice better. This new one does not always pick up my voice well (i have a low, far-carrying voice). It often does not respond appropriately or listen to my commands. The sound quality is mediocre, sounds better on the floor where bass is enhanced.Overall I am pretty disappointed. I got this half off through an Alexa deal...if i had paid full price I would be pretty upsetThinking about switching back. The Amazon Sidewalk stuff is a cool idea but leaves your network open to intrusion, even if they say it is all ""encrypted"".The design of this ball is weird and the lights on tbe bottom isn't always visible"	2	July 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	There are certain commands that the speaker is having issues with. I would like to speak or to say it’s done with the task. Simply say I’m on it it’s lights on just some simple commands knowing that it was actually done.	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have a 2nd gen, a 3rd gen and now 2 4th gen dots.Comparing the 4th gen to 3rd goes a bit like this...Pros:Sound quality is improved at low and average volume.  Eq is more flat.  For example, Alexa’s voice is not so boomy like it is on the 3rd gen and the echo show 8 and instead sounds more natural.  Some people prefer bass (or lower mids) to be boosted so take that as you will.Light ring looks cool on bottomCons:Sound quality suffers greatly when you try to turn it up... it loses all flatness and shifts to the midrange big time.  By comparison, the 3rd gen will be rattling the table it sits on at higher volume.  Neither are great for cranking but this one sounds weaker overall.Second BIG con is that on the 4th gen I find I repeat myself almost  every time before Alexa can hear or understand me.  Didn’t have this issue on any other devices.	2	January 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I recently traded in all my 1st, 2nd, and 3rd gen devices to ""upgrade"" to the 4th gen devices.  If you're thinking about it, DON'T DO IT!1) The 4th gen devices don't seem to pick up voice commands as well.  We frequently use the Echo in our family room on the 1st floor.  Even though we are 5 feet away and within line of sight of the Echo, our Echo show upstairs in a room with a *closed* door hears the command instead and prevents the family room Echo from responding.  The activity logs indicate the Echo Show wasn't the intended device, but ultimately none of them respond so we have to repeat the command.2) The sound is awful.  The previous Echo's had a nice range and good base.  The 4th gen echo sounds very hollow and tinny.  The 4th gen echo dot is pure garbage and the previous dot sounded better than even the full 4th gen Echo.  If you like to listen to music through your Echo, avoid the 4th gen devices!!3) The light ring is now on the bottom of the Echo, so unless the device is placed at a position lower than you, you probably won't be able to see it.  Considering the mic can't pick up your commands well, you'll often wonder if it's doing anything at all since you get no indications.While not a 4th gen specific issue, the Echo is going to constantly be trying to upsell you on Amazon services.  If you request a song that isn't on Prime, it's going to try and upsell you their Ultimate Music service, then it's going to start playing some ""station"" that is not the song you request.  100% of the time I have to further request that it stop playing the station, which it can't hear me well so I end up yelling for it to stop 4 or 5 times.  Overall, the Echo has gone from a fun device that was worth the potential privacy concerns to an annoying banner ad that you can't click to close.  The current user experience makes me just want to throw these things in the trash and I own 4 of them."	1	February 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I don't like the light on the bottom, to hard to see.	3	May 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"First the good: The sound quality (when it works) is better than any other echo and rivals some external bluetooth speakers and the new design is much more aesthetically pleasing. On the flip-side, this generation has problems playing Amazon Music on grouped speakers (older dots seem to be fine). The music constantly cuts in and out, and usually results in disabling one or all dots in the group, until a hard reset (unplug) is done. The dots also become unresponsive to any voice command. Numerous calls to Amazon tech support have resulted in lot s of ""I understand this must be frustrating,"" (no, I don't think they really do!), but no resolutions, despite escalation of the issue. No Amazon tech support person has ever returned a phone call after promising to do so when a resolution was found, so I can only assume there is no resolution forthcoming. My advice is to stick to older generation dots for not."	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got it for $20.00 on prime day! The light ring on the bottom is hard to see. But it's round! Horrible speaker. But it's round! Can only be setup in stereo with the same round Eco dot. That would be two crappy speakers. My old pick Eco sounds much better & I can view the light ring much easier. But, it will stay in it's OG box, because it's not round!	2	August 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is limited when you ask something, but super-responsive if you cough. Only one voice per echo dot, so we can buy more, I guess. Still, it works well with wifi and sounds good. Not bad for 50$US	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Based on prior experience, I expect this Dot to be simple to play and very good sound.  I'll adjust rating once I receive it.We moved July 31.  It's possible it got lost.  I changed address in Amazon as well as USPS.  The two addresses are only a few miles apart so I'm hopeful this can be delivered soon.	2	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The title says it all. The sound quality is just bad. I haven't had/used an Echo since the 1st gen. The sound on the 1st gen echo was really good. Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for this 4th gen dot. Music sounds muffled and you'd better hope there's no base because there's this kind of static feedback going on. Alexa sounds distant and, at times, much than she used to. Voice recognition is okay. I've never had issues with Alexa understanding me. Overall, I prefer my Google Home and wouldn't even have purchased this if it wasn't for Google not being able to read my Kindle books. I'm still trying to figure out if maybe I just got a dud and need to send for a replacement or if I just keep it and go ahead & use it for what I purchased it for, reading my Kindle books to me, and leave the actual music playing to my Google Home.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased the product to connect my Home and Studio.  I like the drop in option very much.  The sound quality is good.  Alexa doesn't turn it up or down without multiple tries and with paint on my hands I have to repeat and finally just wash up and do it manually.  That is a draw back for me.  If I am listening to music or audiobooks it will not pause music or let me know when an incoming drop-in or call  is happening.  Again paint on hands wash up answer door for Husband.  Great with weather and setting alarms.  But I just can't get Alexa to do what I purchased it for.  So basically it is used for streaming music, weather, alarms, jokes for occasional kids who come by and occasionally when Alexa gets the audiobooks command right.  It is a step in the right direction, but needs to be twikked  a little.  I find my self yelling at it.  Lmao.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Unfortunately, not much improvement from the old Echo Dots	3	May 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It us a good speaker. Would be better if it was wireless. Won't stay connected to wifi, even if all my other devices work fine. Has a hard time finding list of music.	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It's Alexa. I don't really utilize.	3	June 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This product does not seem to work nearly as well as the 2018 Echo Dot. It does not hear as well nor does it sound as good. I think the quality of this product needs to be improved by Amazon in their next version if they want to stay in the game.	2	August 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My daughter gave this to us for Christmas.  Alexa was so muffled we could hardly understand when she spoke.  We did find the equalizer on the Alexa app and turned the treble all the way up and the bass all the way down.  That helped, but we still like the old flat Echo Dot better for everyday Alexa use.	3	February 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We changed carriers and lost some connections with Alexia. We really missed the connection with our Honeywell thermostat. T called Amazon twice and Honeywell once. No help. The I bought a Google. It connected to our thermostat. I loved it. Then Alexa connected as well. Go figure. Our Alexa’s stil have a light on all the time. I can’t figure it out yet. I love the Google. I would switch over to Google but I have several Alexa’s.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Works fine. My first echo, don't really use all the features. I use it to turn on my night lamp and listen to music before bed. Has some nice features, might get around to using them at some point in time.	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Make hard to set up with the tv still can’t make it work with tv programs like play something specific in Netflix sometimes we have to ask multiple time to turn on or off the tv and sometimes just doesn’t listen	3	March 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The eco dots that are $18 appear to have better overall quality and integration. Speakers not very responsive commands don’t work well overall disappointment	2	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Lots of difficulties connecting to the local internet, which honestly made the purchase not worth it. When it is connected, it works perfectly and I have no issues, but the other times where it randomly disconnects are really frustrating because it is almost impossible to reconnect. It might just be my issue though.	3	February 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Unfortunately this new generation is not very good at picking up the wake word. Echos in other rooms pick up the wake word even when you're standing in front of it!	3	April 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Ok, I thought I had done the research and figured out what I needed. I was buying this as a replacement for an echo show that was getting unreliable.One of the major factors in me buying this product was that I thought it had the zigbee hub built in. It does not. I was confused by the naming scheme of the Echo products. They are just too similar. They LOOK too similar on screen, when you can't really use size as a reference most of the time.In the end, I decided to keep this instead of spending twice as much to get the feature I thought I was already buying. It's fine. It works well enough, but I don't get to eliminate my Phillips Hue Bridge just yet. Disappointing.	3	August 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It doesn't respond to me all the time. But it does respond to everyone else normally,. Maybe something about my tone?...Recently it started randomly making a high pitched squealing sounds. You can tell it to cancel and it quits, but starts again in a few minutes.	3	March 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Huge Block that plugs in the Wall, Too many things are coming this way and the Blocks are so Big they cover the second outlet. USB would be much better as they sell duplex electrical outlets that include two build in USB ports. They don't this hide in the pictures. Secondly if you look closely all of them come with white cords. I bought a Black/ Charcold color to match the Dark wood on my end table. The cord being white in color doesn't even come close to not standing out a black cord is more hidden. I have all 3 generations the first is likely the best IMO dependent on location, in my case the first generation blended better to my end table and could be plugged right in to the end tables semi hidden USB ports. The second generation also includes a Block although not near as large and used with a Wall mount it works very well, the Microphones also are more sensitive so the two I have are mounded in the the wall brackets sold separately one in my basement one in my garage.	1	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	No me gusto el sonido, esperaba que fuera inferior al Echo pero no inferior al Echo dot 3G.	3	May 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Nice sound quality and over all a smooth looking piece, It just works slow in my opinion and the App could be a little bit less limited	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	the Dot has a mind of it's own will connect then stop connecting. Can't unplug and take anywhere.	3	May 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The white gets dirty too easily and is hard to clean.	3	May 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought this product 2/9/21 and starting last week 11/18/21 it started not responding when I alerted Alexa. The blue ring would light up but wouldn’t respond and the ring would just stay blue (days later I would leave it to see how long…. Hours) so I would unplug the device and restart it and it would work perfectly but low and behold  it would repeat the same thing by the following day. I would use this for an alarm and I was late 3 times due to this 60$ paper weight. Last night I contacted Amazon support to see if there was a way to correct the issue seeing  as it was less then a year old. The Amazon rep was very friendly and I explained everything that had occurred and the process I had gone through and the out comes. She had me perform every solution I had already performed and I advised her I had done that and I was very disappointed in the quality of the product and that I had the first gen Alexa puck in the living room and it worked fine but the 4th gen new and improved was absolute garbage. The solution the Amazon rep came to was 25% off another Alexa. I advised her why would I buy another piece of garbage especially when this one didn’t work and cost me 60$. She wanted to call me the following day to see if the Alexa was working, I advised her that don’t worry about it that if it didn’t work I would gladly throw it away and save her breath.  This model is garbage and the solution was to sell me another. I’m not sure if all models this way have the same issue and it could be that I got a lemon but just figured I would share my experience.	1	November 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Came into living room & unit was stone dead.  Tried another power supply.  Nothing Had to order another one.  Hope this lasts longer.	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My old Alexa was much better. This new one gets confused wrote often.	3	May 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This gen 4 dot is in a bedroom in our home and sometimes it just doesn't work at all. We have to say ALEXA several times before she responds and sometimes we just give up.  Our older generation is down in our family room and works if we whisper Alexa.  Wish this version wasn't as expensive especially since it doesn't seem to work as well.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I honestly can't believe how much worse this is than the previous1. Speaker quality is atrocious. I mean, actually painful to listen to. I put the speaker next to my Samsung Galaxy S8 (notorious for having a terrible single speaker design) and swapped the music between the phone and the speaker and the 5 year old phone sounded WAY better, that's how big of a downgrade we're talking here. The GEN 3 is perfectly listenable, the Gen 4 is unusable. Oh and there is no bass. Might as well be NEGATIVE bass with how awful it sounds.To give an idea of what it sounds like, it sounds like you put the speaker up to the end of a 50 foot long PVC pipe and you listened to the music from the other end of that pipe. That's not an exaggeration, it has that exact sound signature.2. The voice recognition is equally worse. I basically have to stare directly at the Gen 4 within about a 5 foot range in order for it to hear or understand me. Meanwhile, the Gen 3 can be in a completely different room and it'll understand what I say pretty well.3. Something changed with the hardware or software side as well because the machine is CONSTANTLY pausing my music. Music will be playing on the ""Everywhere"" group and all of a sudden the Gen 4 will stop and all the others will still be playing. Also, sometimes I'll tell it to turn a light on and it'll say that it can't detect the light. So I'll go to a Gen 3 and say the same thing, and the light will turn on. It just does this randomly from time to time. I ONLY have this problem with the Gen 4.4. The round design is nice, but it's also completely not versatile. The others can be stowed away anywhere or mounted on the walls. This one? Better have a big open area to place it and you're definitely not putting it on the wall in any logical way.Terrible, I hate this thing. I wish they just kept selling the old Gen 3 instead."	1	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The sound is way too low youd only be able to hear in 1 room maybe a little of another room if the door is open… also you have to say specific key words for her to do what you say. Also she won’t play any specific playlists of yours you have to say your music so she can at least play your station of music you have listened to in the past.	3	January 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Bought this item back in June, here we are 4 months later, and this piece of junk is no longer working. I tried everything to get it to work, to no avail. I decided to contact Amazon’s customer service. The first agent had me do the usual troubleshooting steps, unplug/replug, manual reset, hard remote reset, etc etc but nothing worked and the Echo was still not responding. Since I had things to do and I wasn’t getting anywhere with this agent, I decided to end the chat and try my luck with another agent another time. A few days later, I decided to contact Amazon again to see if they’d just replace the device, but the agent I got was asking me to troubleshoot AGAIN even though I told them that I had already done so with another agent. Either way, since I was at work, I told them I would contact them another time to troubleshoot AGAIN….which leads me to TODAY. I again contacted Amazon to see if I could get the device replaced, and once again the agent asked me to troubleshoot. To appease them, I went ahead and did all of the SAME troubleshooting area as last time, but of course it didn’t work. After contacting customer support THREE times, troubleshooting NUMEROUS times, the agent finally told me that they could not replace the device because it was outside the warranty timeframe. What?!?! Not only am I upset that this Echo is a piece of junk, but I’m also upset that these agents wasted my time and after the first time of their troubleshooting steps not working, they didn’t just tell me that they couldn’t help and that I was outside of the warranty period…AFTER ONLY 4 MONTHS! I’ve always praised Amazon for their customer service, but after this and a few other experiences, it’s clear to see that their customer service is going downhill. As for getting another Echo…I’m switching to Google Home!	1	October 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	There is nothing to like or dislike... I still can't get it hooked up... 3 people trying to hook up 1 lil ball...lmfao.. Sometimes I plug it in for a nite-lite..Also bought the smart plug...I think I was led to believe they sort of go together..I then bought the Kindle HD 10' thinking that would solve everything..NOPE...I'm sure if you can get it to work...it would be a cool lil gadget	2	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I use Alexa as a timer when studying.I've noticed a problem: if you ask her to pause the timer and then re-start (like after a break), it is buggy and undependable. I had a 1hr10minute time going, went on a 5 minute tea break after telling her to pause, returned and restarted and then well into my return I asked her how much time was left and she tells me 60 minutes!	2	July 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Voice Quality and response is quite impressive	3	May 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have upgraded to this from echo dot 3.I don't like the light on bottom because I can't see from a distance if Alexa has picked up its name.I don't speak very loud. Alexa skip the listening to me. Even understanding my command. I believe the echo dot was better.The dot might look bit elegant but voice quality seems almost the same.I might be wrong but although I upgraded after few years there seems to be no difference in the quality of the device.	3	November 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased the Echo Dot because I subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited. The Dot allows me to play Music Unlimited simply by asking for the music I want, instead of having to play it through a device. That is great. Everything else about this stinks. I used a Google Home Mini for a couple of years before switching to this Echo Dot. In my experience, the Google Home Mini is far superior to this Echo Dot. The Dot misunderstands my commands probably a full 10 to 15% of the time. It says that it will make a phone call, but then can’t make the phone call. There are times when I have begun playing a game, and then it just quits. It misunderstands many of the questions that I’m asking it. And I can’t seem to learn anything. And it is not just my voice. My entire family has trouble getting it to work right. It has become a little bit of a joke in our household that if you ask the Echo Dot something, chances are it will misunderstand you. In addition - and admittedly this is a little thing - but the Google Home Mini actually sounds better as a speaker. The bottom line is if I didn’t have Amazon Music Unlimited I would have returned this thing shortly after buying it and stuck with my Home Mini. If you don’t have a good reason to get the Echo Dot, then I would absolutely go with the Google Home Mini. It simply worked better.	2	April 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Sound is great. Commands are fantastic. But I feel like I have to yell to get my echo device to wake up. This also includes if I need to pause a song or stop an alarm. It’s very annoying-and I didn’t have this issue with the last one I purchased. Not sure what the issue is.	3	February 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The Echo Dot connects to the internet and to Amazon well.  However, the lack of a digital clock makes it much less valuable in my opinion.	3	May 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Inadequate buy the new Gen don't even consider the 4th Gen	3	May 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sí eres hispanohablante vas a tener problemas con Alexa. Para empezar vas a tener que configurarla con una dirección en EEUU y los skills dependiendo de la marca puede que no estén disponibles sí los buscas en español por lo que te verás obligado a cambiar la búsqueda a idioma inglés para encontrar los skills que necesitas. Hay muchísiiiiiimos skills que así los encuentres tienen bloqueo regional, es decir que así los descargues no podrás usarlos por el país donde vives. Claro, estoy seguro que hay una forma de evadir todos estos problemas pero sí no estas muy metido en la tecnología simplemente no vas a poder.	3	October 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I saw reviews that mentioned it but have found for myself that the 3rd gen does have better quality and depth of sound the this 4 generation. I have a medium sized ranch house so this is okay for me. When playing both, it provides the surround sound I like. Considered getting the newest version but it a big, unattractive monstrosity at a price I don’t like. Not sure if I will keep this or return and get another 3rd generation Echo.	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This purchase is to Replace a new never used Echo Dot I Received as a Christmas gift from my grandson, I contacted Amazon support on March 9, 2022 due to loosing internet connection repeatedly, said to be past 90 day Warranty because my grandson purchased from Amazon in late November 2021, wasn’t able to resolve through support team.  I purchased this replacement unit on sale with the 2 year warranty.	3	January 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not as useful as expected, couldn’t find some answers to my request	3	May 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Let me preface this by saying I wasn't expecting it to sound like a home theater system but I'm pretty disappointed in the sound quality. I have pretty much every generation of Echo dot, Echo, and two generations of Echo show in my house along with one Google home and pound for pound the Google home has far superior sound quality. This Echo dot sounds about the same as the very first generation of echo dot, the sound has no ""depth"" to it, think I may return it 😔."	2	July 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Upgraded from the first generation and put in the same location. But the sound has a deeper bass and it doesn’t hear my prompts as quickly or easily as the first. Also the volume seems to change when answering, it’s either too quiet or loud. I can’t seem to hear its answers half the time.  Not sure if it’s defective or typical for this generation.	3	January 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Overall the features are the same as previous models. The music quality is just ok not a big improvement. The light at the base is terrible sometimes you cannot even tell if it came on when you say her name.	3	March 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"This new generation isn't nearly as loud as the earlier styles.  I feel ""like most cellphones"" they decide what decibels we should listen to our music. They shortened it and made it more quieter then the other generations. No real change but kept the price the same. Doesn't seem fair"	3	February 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have only had my echo dot for a little under 6 months, and it is not standing the test of time. I never had this problem with my older echo dot, but this newer one buffers terribly! It is so slow to respond and load whatever I ask it to do. It will get a little better if I unplug it and restart it, but then it'll go right back to being very slow. I would recommend an older generation echo dot	3	December 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	There’s room for improvement in the voice pickup department.  Sometimes I have to almost yell to get Alexa to hear me.  Alexa always tries to find songs on firetv instead of Amazon music.  That’s too annoying.  Perhaps I need to upgrade my software??? I’m at my wits end with trying to ask Alexa search Amazon music for songs instead of fire tv.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"We have multiple Alexa's, this is the newest one we have and it SUCKS. It never hears what we say and never talks to our alexa smart devices. I can be in my bedroom and ask her to turn the fan on and she'll just make that bloop noise then I'll walk into the next room and ask on of our other Alexa's  (older generation) and she will turn it on first try. It is so so so frustrating especially since we bought all these Alexa things to help us with our life with an infant and this ""newer"" one just does not work as well as the other ones"	2	June 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	First off, in order to upload ONE SINGLE PHOTO….I have to give permission to my camera, microphone, and all photos. If I choose otherwise, I am not allowed to upload. Way to go guys…great lazy programming.Second, the customer service is horrible. I ordered one of the crappy gen 4 echo dots. The thing doesn’t work and explains why it was so cheap. My issue is with the exchange process. I had to file a warranty claim just to return the product for a working non refurbished dot. I had to call and do this TWICE. And then I had to get to a UPS to physically drop the product before they cancel the exchange a third time. Well, I am disabled and a bit difficult to get around. Most of the UPS stores here are closed temporarily for unknown reasons. I finally make it to an open UPS along with the WHOLE of DC. The line is over an hour wait. So I left it there. Amazon, you deal with the money. I am not getting paid to stand around to return an item…	1	August 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Wow the sound quality of the 4th gen is SOOOOO much worse than 3rd gen. I have one 3rd gen and two 4th gen dots and one 4th gen full echo all in a group together throughout my house so that when I stream Spotify it plays on all of them. So as I walk around my house I get to constantly compare and contrast the sound quality between the 4 devices, and the 4th gen echo dots are seriously a joke compared to the 3rd gen and 4th gen full echo. I mean, yeah I'm not surprised that the echo sounds much nicer than the dot, but actually the 3rd gen dot is not much worse than the 4th gen echo. The 4th gen dot's sounds quality is so much noticeably worse though. The sound is very tinny and lacks bass, almost like an AM radio compared to an FM stereo. It's particularly galling when I'm in the room with the 4th gen dot for a while and then go into the room with the 3rd gen dot and I'm like OMG this is what this is supposed to sound like?  I listen to a wide variety of music too, so it's not like the frequency response is better suited to one kind of music on 3rd gen and another kind on 4th gen. Everything from classical to the blues to hip hop sounds worse on 4th gen. Very baffling and disappointing that Amazon would take such a dramatic step backwards in sound quality like this.	2	March 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought this to see if this has better sound qualities. To my ears it's about the same as the flat 3rd gen. This is bigger and stands out more. The foot print is about the same.All in all can't see a compelling reason to get this of you already have older models.	3	February 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound is not very good	3	May 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Use in main area of home for reminders for everyday life!	3	May 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality	3	May 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I received an Echo Dot 4th Gen and a couple bluetooth light blubs for Christmas.  We set it up and it was fun to tell ""Alexa"" to turn on the lights and answer questions we had like sports scores and general knowledge.  I purchased a second Echo Dot a week later for another room.  It could work my Dish Hopper, the lights and could answer questions and tell dumb jokes.Everything went fine for a few weeks when things started to have issues.  The first thing that happened was it forgot how to work the lights.  I had to reset-up the units to get them working again.  Another time  we asked a simple baseball question and it gave a totally irrelevant answer.  I did a search on the internet and found the answer in less than 30 seconds.  Now every couple of weeks it can't turn off or on the lights and I have to do a reset again.  Last night the Echo Dot turned on the lights, but when it was time to turn off the lights it could not do it.  So it was reset the Echo Dots again.This is why the title is ""Good for Amusement Only.""  I had considered connecting other devices to the Echo Dot.  However, after my experience with the Echo Dot and ""Alexa"" I have no confidence in the device to handle important tasks."	2	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The device would not stay connected to wi-fi. Went through all of the gyrations to connect and after about a week it would disconnect. Followed all of the requirements like placement and still would disconnect. No other wi-fi device that I own has any problems so I can assume that it's the Echo's problem. Apparently Amazon doesn't have much faith in this device as the warranty is only 90 days.If you're considering purchasing this thing I suggest that you find some other way to listen to music; manually manage your lights; and look out the window to discover the weather.	1	November 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have multiple alexas dots, echoes, etc from each generation up to this one. And to be honest my very 1st dot was and still is working better than  this one does. Most time i have to say her name 3 or 4 times before she will wake. She is located in our bedroom and since ive had her when ive ask her anything she hasn't been able to answer me correctly. She always answers some random thing thats not even remotely close to what I was asking about. I'm about to throw it away and bring the Echo gen 3 back to my room. I loved her she was awesome.  This one cant even turn my lights off when ask to. ..she is waste of time for me.	2	April 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	These are great but I have a few different generations and any volume level above 4 and it sounds like the speaker is blown. I have a smaller Bluetooth radio with better sound quality.	3	April 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound is great if you can get Alexa to comprehend what you're trying to do.... For bringing the echo into the household I only had echo dots and the cubes. They always work great listen to what I was telling him to do as far as lights door locks alarm system refrigerator cameras everything. I introduced two of these echo four gems to the house as well as upgraded the echo dots and the system works worse than ever. Alexa does not comprehend the commands I end up repeating myself until I'm frustrated enough that I just get a remote or do anything the old-fashioned way. The sound quality is great. But honestly I'm getting really tired of screaming Alexa ______________. Over and over.... Also subscribe to Amazon music.  She will say the correct station and she said she tuned into it however no sound will come from speakers.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This has been constantly disconnecting for the past couple of months now and I have just now had it for 1 year.  This is beyond frustrating and there’s seemingly absolutely nothing that can be done about it.  When I try to ask Alexa something, it lights up like it heard me and then says nothing and the lights go off.  This happens essentially 4/5 times a day.  I have this connected with another Echo in my bedroom, so when this one disconnects I can’t even play music with the other because they are connected.  I think something should be able to last longer than 1 year, or at the very least an entire year, not just 8 or 9 months.  Extremely disappointed and wish something could be done to fix this issue!	2	March 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Got this for cheap. Looks good. I don’t want to read a book on how to use something that is supposed to make my life easier. But.. Alexa constantly annoys me to the point that I sometimes want to throw this thing across the room.	2	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love the Alexa products and own 1 flex, 4 echo dot,  and was AI on my phone. However I think Alexa is degressing and getting dumb over time. Recently never knows answers or just hangs up	2	September 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"In this 4th generation Dot, Alexa's voice is clearer and more distinct (there is noticeably more treble in her voice) compared to the 3rd generation Dot. As a result, you can hear what Alexa is saying from farther away and with more extraneous noise in the room. However, the bass is not as full and rich-sounding compared to the gen-3 Dot, possibly by as much as 20 percent. I really DO like the improvement in the treble. But for listening to music, I choose to use my 3rd generation Dot, of which I have three. Hopefully, in a future 5th generation Dot, Amazon will be able to keep the richness of bass of the 3rd gen Dot plus the improvement in the treble of the 4th gen Dot. By the way, in case you don't already know this; the bass, mid-range and treble characteristics of all generation Dots can be adjusted by the user using voice commands (e.g., ""Alexa, set the bass to plus 6,"" ""Alexa, set the treble to minus 2,"" etc.)."	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I went to India in 2016 I bought one thing off of Amazon for a friend there, that’s it just one thing. I live in America so why in the heck does this stupid thing hook me up as if I’m living in India when I even put in that I’m in the USA. It’s never worked properly since I got it, I have to talk to it several times repeating myself to get it to do an action or it’ll come back and say we’re not available in that language. it’s English !, how can you not be available. I apparently got a lemon because it’s very aggravating or it will say okay then shut down.	2	May 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don't really know how to use it at this point.  I use it for information and use the timer occasionally.  That is why I gave it a three out of five.  If I knew other ways to use it I may have given it a higher rating.	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound not as good as 2nd gen echo for music. Bring back 2nd gen model!!!	3	May 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Have to ask questions 2 or 3 times, It's just a hassle.	3	May 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Just not good for music	3	May 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	No tiene integración con servicios como YouTube music y apple music	3	May 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I loved my old alexa, but don't know what they did, but I can't connect to my router and do anything with it. I have 2 smart plugs and it won't hook up to that either. I loved to play music on it, but can't do that or anything else with the new Echo dot. my husband wants me to send it all back as it is just so frustrating to try to get it to work. I have contacted customer service about the issue several times. It really upsets me. I won't buy another one.	2	June 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Would rate more but I have an older Alexa and this one has issues with commands and questions that I have never seen with the older generation	3	April 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The description for this device says, ""Voice control your entertainment - Stream songs from Amazon Music, Apple Music, Spotify, SiriusXM, and others."", but it doesn't.  Based on searching the internet for an answer, I'm not the only one having a problem.  I'm reluctant to entirely blame Alexa for this problem.  The sound is very good and all other features appear to be working well.  I think the problem is in the SiriusXM Alexa skill."	3	December 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think it's best to read a bit about Alexa before buying one of these.  While, as an assistant, Alexa seems to be much more involved than the other option, but she's also up in your business 24/7.  With the air conditioner running, she doesn't understand half the things I say, and I have to be careful what I name certain devices because she gets them mixed up with other commands.  Occasionally, I'll hear her muttering something that I can't really hear and, when I ask her to repeat, she doesn't and what she said doesn't show up in the app either.Anyway, it takes some getting used to, but it is helpful.  Just a little... weird at times.  Get one, you'll see what I mean.	3	August 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is not easy to set up. We can not get the voice recognition to work for both of us. Can not get the shopping list to work.	3	April 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	wife thinks it is spying on us	3	May 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	First and foremost, it’s a good speaker. It’s loud, Alexa responds to most of what you ask and I like the size.Now what I dislike is that it has to be plugged up in order for it to work, so it’s definitely not portable.I can’t just play my music from Apple Music without asking Alexa to play it and she only plays one song then you have to ask for another; this sucks especially while in the shower.Lastly is the fact that her range of what is accessible like songs, podcasts, and audio from videos is very minimal unless you are subscribed to all these different platforms and link them to the link which still doesn’t play everything on there.Still a cool speaker though for the price and my daughter enjoys telling Alexa to make fart noises lol	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I cannot get these two hub speakers to stay connected no matter what I do. My television and smart phone stay connected, as well as any other device in the home... but these two speakers, every time I say ""Alexa"" in my livingroom, a red light illuminates and loudly these two hubs announce, ""I'm having trouble connecting to the Internet,"" and this literally happens EVERY SINGLE TIME I try to engage them (these 2 are in the livingroom together). I finally resolved to return them today and found that I've missed the return window closed almost 2 weeks ago! Ugh!! Purchased on January 14, I've had no successful experience with these hub speakers aside from immediately following reset and reconnecting to the Internet (time & time again). I wish I'd been more mindful of the time... I'd have returned them when I had the chance. I DO NOT RECOMMEND this 3-hub ""All-new Echo (4th Gen) | With premium sound, smart home hub, and Alexa..."" Very disappointing experience.UPDATE 03/01/2021 - I got a call from Amazon as a result of this review. The ""Help Desk"" called to help me troubleshoot the issues. I explained that I am proficient. I have restarted my Alexa devices and unplugged and restarted my router as well. Our call was disconnected, so she followed up with an email, to which I responded to request a call back. The gentleman told me that the first rep had tried to troubleshoot with me; I explained that she had not, that we had been disconnected. This second call disconnected as well, and they sent an update to the Alexa hub speakers that announced VERY LOUDLY that I needed to unplug and restart my routers. So, I've done that and still, the red light illuminates and LOUDLY these hub speakers announce that they're having trouble connecting to the Internet. Based on the poor customer service I've received as a result of all of this-- I'm beginning to wonder if Amazon is quite well aware of the poor performance of these hub speakers. They leave a lot to be desired for sure-- very disappointing."	1	February 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	We've been having a lot of problems with this alexa. Oftentimes we ask her questions or to do things and she doesn't understand what we're saying even though they're the same commands we always ask. She also has not been giving us emergency weather updates when she's supposed to. Last night two tornadoes came and touched down and she did not bother to make a peep! I do not feel safe trusting this device with emergency weather updates. When we ask her questions she rarely knows the answers. We often have to just turn to Google. We thought Alexa would be helpful we were wrong!	2	June 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love the little Dots. They are great inside the house, but I need them outside on the patio and by the swimming pool. Being Texas, it gets hot. Rarely over 100 where I live, but mid to high 90's during the summer. At about 92 degrees, the Echo Dots start getting a bit dicey. They fade in and out, drop signal and so on. It has to be heat related because when they cool off, they are just fine. I wish Amazon would boost up the components enough to get these things where they would work well outside in the heat. After all, Texas isn't necessarily the hottest temps in the country and the whole south has a hot summer. Heck, even Washington and Oregon are getting hot summers. Other than that complaint, these are great little speakers, good tone, good volume and easy to set up.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We own multiple Echo devices.  One of the 4th gen dots fail after 11 month. After a long process, finally talked with Customer Service who informed me that some Echo devices only come with a 90 warranty.  The Dot 4th gen is one.  Just a heads up as over the years it was my impression all Echos came with a one year warranty.  We enjoy the Echo device , but for a $50 device to only carry a 90 day warranty seems little cheap by Amazon.	3	November 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I had an old round one of these that I had bought and never used and liked it once I did use it. I bought this for another location. The sound is inferior to the bigger, older one. Sad.	3	March 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I love having it in the mornings to help me no the weather and updated news.	3	May 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Only works with IPhone not android	3	May 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	After about 3 weeks the echo was producing a buzzing sound as sound played through speaker.	3	May 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I'm not going to take much time writing this review because I haven't had this product for a while.If you're looking for sound quality, echo dot 3rd Gen is what you need.If you don't want something bulky, get the echo dot 3rd Gen!If you want a product that works better and is made better, GET THE ECHO DOT 3RD GEN!That's my review. I upgraded from 3rd to 4th Gen and instantly returned and got my 3rd Gen back! This just doesn't seem like it was thought out much. The marketing makes it look better but it's really not...	3	October 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	One of the many things I was excited about getting a Alexa for is making phone calls and sending texts hands free. But you can't do that feature unless the other person has Alexa communicate, or if you have at&t or Verizon has your service provider. Everything else is perfect but that one thing made me really disappointed.	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I'm a fan of the shape and the under light.  Function wise, this is the worst Echo I've had.  I still have a Gen 1 Pringles can Echo that was a pre public release and it still works perfectly and runs circles around the new Sphere gen 4 model.  This is the second sphere I've had, I had to return the first one as it was very buggy. My current sphere works maybe 40% of the time.  It works when it hears me, IF it hears me.  Often when it does, it ""didn't understand"" my request.  Or it hears me and shuts off immediately as I am requesting the time or temp or whatever.  My commands are simple and have been setup for a long time and no other Echo has a problem with them to this degree.  I would not recommend this version."	2	February 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was so excited when I got this. Sound quality is better than last generation. But voice recognition is hit and miss. About third of time to hears me and responds . Other times nothing other than mounting aggravation. Alexa main thing is speech recognition so hard pass on this one.	3	February 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	La verdad es que el diseño anterior creo está mejor con esta pides algo y se pone como loca 😂	2	September 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Can't tell the difference from What is the TEMPERATURE from WHAT IS THE TIME. Misses 2 of 5 voice requests regularly. Prior two alexa devices in this same spot worked stellar. This is several (3-4) generations newer and it's pretty useless.We had given all our Alexa devices to our kids and moved to GOOGLE HOME. Wanted ALEXA for a few features. She's more pain than pleasure. Pulling the plug on our relationship. You can't go back, once you let a new smart device into your heart.I've moved on and I'm happy with my Google Home device. Sorry Alexa, you changed.	2	June 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	not the best for notification. the light ring is hidden on the bottom, hard to see. every thing else is good.	2	October 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Bought 3 of these. One works fine. The other two keep becoming unresponsive all the time. I reset them and sometimes they work for a few hours or a day and then they just light up when i say alexa but they don't answer or respond at all. Had this problem since I bought them but was too busy or lazy to call amazon about the problem. My 3rd gen have never had a problem.	3	December 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this product thinking I could sync it with my Alexa devices but truthfully this one and the others I have bought have been a huge let down. Even after you sync them which is a process that could go a lot easier and download the skills the product doesn’t perform properly. You could speak right into the speaker or from any distance really and still have to repeat yourself a lot. Even after repeating yourself it may say that skill, song or book isn’t available even though it’s something the device has already done before. You tell the device to play in a group and it repeats the group and song of choice and still only plays on one speaker or not at all. The funny thing is it can hear really well. I could be in a place with no devices and make a noise and it would hear it and respond. Also it will just randomly blink a different color when nothing is wrong and completely stop responding or not respond at all.	1	August 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Can’t disable light ring - not great for bedroom	3	May 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"UPDATE! As of 10/30/22 update, you can no longer request Echo to play a specific song, it will only play ""shuffles"" of that ""type"", or by the requested artist! So if you're reminiscing and just want to hear one song, too bad, it will now be shuffled with other songs, IF it even plays at all within the shuffled songs. And if you want it to repeat the song, it can no longer do that. And if you have a song you want to play on repeat for 15-20mins to lull your baby to sleep, you can no longer do that either! idk if this is a bug or what, but since they come right out and tell you that Alexa can only perform what you're requesting if you have Amazon Music, I think it's a scam to get you to purchase that! Nope! Just dropped from 5 to 1 star!Bought this along w/a battery base so we could carry it outside vs having to unplug our bigger device and then find a place to plug it in using an extension cord."	1	August 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I had this added to a bulk purchase of sensors to complete my Ring system.  It was priced at ""$10 extra"".  So, why not?  ....  When I got the invoice I saw they lowered the price of my necessary extra Ring equipment by $30 and raised the cost of this hockey puck to $40.  If I returned my necessary Ring equipment I'd still be paying $40 for this.  You figure it out.  Do the math.  BOOO Bezos!!It works fine.  The audio is ""meh"". It doesn't have stereo speakers or a woofer.  It doesn't have a touch screen.  It can't function as a clock radio.  It isn't as cheap as they advertise if your bundle.  So if you need another Bezos microphone in your house, this $10^H^H^H .. $40 microphone will work."	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"It seems to hear what you say and then do what it wants,strange example i asked it to play the Liks song, My Dear, whos chorus is a line from the Pharcyde song, passin' me by,(does not share a title) but it would play the pharcyde song,i can be yelling at it and it wont acknowledge me but a song can say a word that I guess kind of sounds like the wake word and it will react or it will hear me say the wake word but i have to be 2ft away for it to hear what i say afterwards. Its sound is meh to put it politely, so i bluetooth it to my aiwa exos9 or one of my other speakers but getting it to connect with it or swap between other paired speakers can be a bit of a task requiring it to be unplugged or unpaired/repaired or allof the above sometimes it shows that is connected but still plays out of itself but the most annoying thing is when it hears you correctly then replies with some form of ""i dont know"" or ""I cant do that"" when its done/answered what your requesting/asking haspreviously without a problem. Very frustrating, so if you like yelling in anger at inanimate objects with the rage of a torture victim then this is the speaker for you. I imagine its similar to having a mentally challenged ward, but a ward of such stature probably would be sonically more appealing"	2	January 31, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Like: sound and verbal instructions. Dislike Amazon ads and shuts off and more voice information to start again.The price was right. Free though Sirius XM when starting a subscription.	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is poor. It's handy to use, but wish it sounded better.	3	May 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have 3 echo dots, 3rd generation. Lovely little puck shaped speakers that rival Bose for  the richness of sound.I got this one for my uncle. He liked the sound and thought it was “neat” that you could tell Alexa to play any kind of music you’d want.Unfortunately, I couldn’t find the 3rd generation one so I got this globe shaped 4th generation one.Functions exactly like the 3rd gen, BUT, the disappointing sound that come out of the speaker! Tinny and hollow. Totally unlike the rich Bose-like sound quality of the 3rd gen.The blue light on the 3rd gen is on the top and clearly seen. The blue light on this one is on the bottom which can’t be seen if it’s placed somewhere that has a lip.I’ve just ordered the 3rd gen one and this one’s going back.Such a disappointment. If it’s not broke don’t fix it!Go get the 3rd generation puck-shaped echo dot!!!Skip this globe-shaped 4th generation. What a waste!	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The white cord (seriously🤦‍♂️) is pretty ugly when connected to a black echo. This generation was supposed to work as a tv speaker but does not. Followed directions to connect via Bluetooth. When enabling Bluetooth thru the Alexa app there was no sound on tv at all either thru Bluetooth or tv controls. When the Bluetooth connection was disabled thru the Alexa app sound returned. Very disappointed.	3	December 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Difficulty in setting up!	3	May 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Wanted to upgrade my Alexa and this one can never here my voice standard I got 10 feet away	3	May 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	it is a nice gift, but I wouldn't buy one for myself, I think the Google assistant works better and connects to more accessories.	3	April 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Bought this for our bedroom since the original echo dot that looks like a hockey puck worked so well. What we have discovered is this model kept going offline. Finally decided to switch the hockey puck to the bedroom and move this one near to the Wi-Fi source. The oldest model works fine from the bedroom and this newer one now seems to work okay being close to wi-fi. I'm really disappointed as I really wanted this one in the bedroom. It certainly seems to have an issue staying online due to poor Wi-Fi reception of the unit itself not because of the distance between Wi-Fi and the product. Would not buy this one again	2	May 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought a Dot June 21, 2021. Worked fine for about 4 months. Then one day I noticed that the blue light around the base was on solid, and not responding to my voice. So I reset it, and it starts working fine. For a few weeks. Then, again, with the static blue light. It's like it gets stuck or something. Alexa app shows it as offline. So, I reset it again. And again that fixes it. Then a couple weeks later, the same deal. This time I chat with customer support. The representative just has me go through the reset process again, which I'd explained I'd already done multiple times. But I did it, and it fixed it. But told him I'd be in touch in a couple days again. And sure enough, not 24 hours later, there's that blue light again. This time I have customer support call me. Explain it all again, tell them I'm not resetting it again as that doesn't work. He says the only thing he can do for me is offer me a 15% out of warranty discount on the purchase of a new one. WHAT?! Out of warranty? I've not even had it 6 months. Turns out there's only a 90 day warranty on the Amazon Dots. 90 DAYS!! I never would've though that Amazon would only offer a 90 day warranty on one of their electronic devices. I told the rep that it seems that Amazon doesn't have much faith in their own products. But, here I am, with a piece of useless crap I've had for less than 6 months. And it's laughable that they offer me a discount to BUY ANOTHER ONE!!! I will never buy another Amazon Alexa device again.	1	November 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"I purchased 2 during Prime days for 19$ thinking ""Wow, I got a great deal."" Sadly disappointed.  These are far inferior in comparison to the other Dot I payed full price for  and still have.  I will be returning them."	2	August 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Unit worked well, until I changed my network password.I have two laptops, two cell phones, a digital photo frame, two Nest Cameras, all of which readily recognized the change in password.I have spent hours individually, as well as with Amazon technical support to no avail.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not sure if it's just this model or what but it just doesn't sync up very seamlessly with my other Alexa devices. It picks up speech in the wrong areas and doesn't pick up speech in the right areas.I bought it for my kitchen so I could hear music while cooking. The speaker on it is not good at all. Muffled and horrible sounding. My 2nd gen dot was clearer than this.	2	July 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I currently own 4 Amazon Echo Alexa’s. Oldest one is about 6-7 years old and was one of the first older versions that’s a tall tower Echo and then I got one of the echo dots. I absolutely loved them!  So I recently decided to add two more to my home. They are stylish and cute because they are now in a ball shape, but Sad to say, the 2 new 4th generation Echo dots don’t have near the same sound quality. They sound tinny and nothing like the older two that I own. I use my Alexas to stream music mostly, so I can really tell the difference in the sound quality compared to the older versions.  Also the blue/green lights that turns on once you speak to Alexa are located down on the bottom of the speaker and unless you are right on top of speaker you can’t see the lights to know if she heard you or not.	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought the echo to be a speaker for my MacBook Air. It pairs but doesn’t play sound. And then I try to play music from Amazon music onto the Alexa device through my phone but it won’t bc it can’t find the device. And then when I go through the Alexa app to play Music, I only have a couple choices from playlists that are already there bc Alexa gets losts once I go to a different app. Instead of playing on the echo it’ll play on my phone. And then on Amazon music app there is no button to link to my Echo. So frustrating. Don’t get it. When Alexa tries to be very convenient but the most common thing I want it to, play music from a different app that is linked to it, it won’t. The app needs work. This needs to be simple. I’m about to throw Alexa away bc it’s not working with my phone. It’s just making me waste my time trying to figure it out.	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was expecting the sound quality to be at least the same as the third generation, but this round 4th Gen actually sounds way worse. I have to also agree with other reviews that the 4th generation feels less solid and cheaper than the 3rd Gen.	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	They all work about the same, but without the Echo v4 (home base) as hub, their integration can be spotty and problematic at times.  Can't emphasize it strongly enough.  Get all these you want, but make Echo v4 your FIRST Alexa unit.	3	February 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I previously ordered this same model but it had issues so I returned it. I’m hoping it was just a bad Echo and not a fault in the 4th Gen so I reordered.Here are the issues I had the first time…When asked to play a certain genre it will change songs in the middle of first song or will just stop playing. When asked to continue it will do nothing. Other Echo in house work correctly.I’ve unplugged and after plugging back in it will work for a while and then start acting up again.I’ve deregistered and re-added the device. Once again works correctly again for a while before once again having issues.Update on second try: Down graded to 1 star.So it appears not to be just one bad Echo Dot but an issue with the 4th Gen. This one had the same issues, would stop playing in the middle of a playlist, whether it was an Amazon or personal playlist. Also the changing of songs or just stop playing.I still have an Echo and Echo Dot 3rd Gen, neither has any issues so it’s not any WiFi connection issues.I was hoping it was just one bad item but it appears to me to be a 4th Gen issue based on my experience.Will not try for a third strike.	1	April 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like most of my Alexa devices, but they are all different.  I have only had one fail after five years, until this one.  This one failed on and off within the first week.  It would occasionally connect but never stays working.  Sometimes I have to reboot it four or five times just to get a temporary connection.  So frustrating.  Amazon support was basic and did not help with the problem. They just wanted to reboot over and over and when it connected once they said it was fine.  DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION.	1	October 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"It gets confused sometimes and didn't realize that most of the music we would want to listen to would ""only be available with Amazon music"" and then try to get us to pay for another subscription. No thanks."	3	February 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I’d give 5 stars if the cable was black as well for my black echo dot. Just stupid.	3	April 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I loved the new look enough to get excited when amazon also had a deal on it, but compared to the previous gen one we have the sound quality is TERRIBLE. I've gotten $5 bluetooth speakers that sound better. For the price, even on sale, I am NOT impressed.Update: my second one arrived and despite being the same color seems to sound a bit better in comparison to the first one I received so I am raising the review by 1 star. Amazon tried to call me, from a number I did not recognize, so I did not answer it. Then emailed me, and told me to reply to the email as they were concerned about my review and wanted to help. Tried to reply like they said, got an email back saying that the email that I sent was sent to an email not accepting incoming emails so I wasted about 5 minutes on that for nothing. Both echo 4th gens also seem to occasionally derp when I request a skill.	3	November 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Not as good as the tall cylinder one	2	October 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Should have sent this one back. Terrible sound. Can't hear me. Have to yell at it. Mine must have been a lemon. Great idea! I need to spray paint mine yellow.	2	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	the device its self works well. But I expected to have better control from the app regarding what is playing or putting a Song from the app.	2	September 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Estoy cansando de que me pregunte si deseo una prueba, deberían de desabilitar esa opcion para los usuarios que no lo desean, a veces no escucha y a veces te responde algo que no es, pero al final del dia es buena.	3	February 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound that comes out of this sphere is really nice, full, and rich.  Deep bass, balanced mids and trebles. But it has issues which make it the worst Echo in the lineup.The cord is white (even though the unit I bought is black) and is REALLY long.  There's no built-in cord storage so you're on your own there.  But the worst thing about the cord is the plug that goes into the device.  It's no longer a USB cable.  It's something else.  Proprietary, probably?  Who knows?  If you randomly try plugging a power supply into it that's perhaps shorter and the right color, you risk frying the device and voiding the warranty.What this means is you're stuck with that ugly white wire coming out of the back, and it's up to you to figure out a way to hide it, because you can't reach into your drawer of unused USB plugs and wires and select one that would work better (shorter and the right color).The other major shortfall with this Echo is the voice recognition.  I returned my first unit because it was just.... deaf.  Second unit arrived and is no better.  I ended up putting it in a bathroom where it will be used for playing music.  As an assistant, having very poor hearing makes it pretty useless - but it DOES sound nice so I'm going to keep it.	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Before this device I used a Google Nest.  The voice recognition on the Amazon Echo does not compared to Google Nest.  The Amazon dot, gets confused about 40% of the times, this never happened with the Google Nest.  After 6 months of use, Alexa goes silent (no light) and the only way to fix this is to unplug and re-plug the device.  I have been patiently doing this, hoping the issue was going to fix on its own but for the last two month the issue is occurring more and more often and I now need to unplug/re-plug the device about every 2-3 days.  Another issue with the device is I usually have it at a low volume to listen to my tv (line in) and during the day I raise the volume but at the same time, Alexa’s volume is raised so when I say a command, Alexa is extremely loud.  I wish Alexa’s volume was separate to avoid this. Now let’s talk about warranty coverage...  It's unbelievably painful to find and get to warranty support for this device.  Once I found the link to chat, I was on a chat troubleshooting for about 2 hours.  At the end that the agent decided to process the warranty, she wanted me to ship the item first to Amazon, wait a few days for them to process it and then send me the replacement.  The agent then told me she couldn't process it and asked me to delete my home address and re-enter (to check, if that was going to allow her to process the request).  I requested to have a supervisor call me and as I'm writing this, I'm still waiting for the supervisor to take some type of action.	1	September 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	My dislike ! Have to purchase a subscription for some songs.	3	May 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My Echo Dot  worked for a few months.  It then started disconnecting every few days from the internet.  I have to unplug it for several hours, then plug it back up for it to work.  Sometimes I have to wait several days for it to begin working again.  I have 2 other Amazon Smart speakers that work just fine.	3	December 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Sound quality for what it is and what you pay is good. I work from home and need to stay in contact with another person. The echo seem like a good way to go. Phone calls on the echo are a no go. It will stop working and no connection after 30 minutes or it just breaks-up the words. My new 3dr gen full size echo did the the same thing. the 2nd gen echo has worked better, much better , but it also has a shut down problem at different times ; so it looks like the echo devices are not useable for making phone calls. The echo dot has other problems sometimes the buttons do not work an sometimes it will not respond to voice commands. Resetting and rebooting most of the time brings it around to working.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I had a lot of expectations with the Echo dot, I've some Amazon devices and a Samsung SmartThings Hub and I thought the Echo would be the ideal companion for my home... thinking in buy later 2 or 3 more Echos ... The setup process worked like a charm! But I had problems to link Echo with my Spotify account (I lives outside US and this happens to be a problem to Alexa for linking the service, I own a valid, Venezuelan based Spotify Premium account. Someone told me if I change my address (temporary) to US, I can link the Spotify service, and then, change it bak to Venezuela... Worked.But my problem came the 2nd day, the Echo Dot showed a red circle, nobody knew nothing (at home) about this... I pressed the mute button, and voilá, worked! But the second time (next day) that happened, I can't solve the red ring issue: Deregistered, reset, change account, move the echo, changed the network ... when it boots, mutes the mic and shows the red ring of death... An amazon representative told me to sent the Echo back, from Venezuela to US, but the cost of sending it back to States is almost the price of the product. So, the affair lasted for three days... Bad quality? or just bad luck?	1	May 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have one other Dot.  And it’been great. This one not so much. It only works with Alexa through my phone.  so frustrated with it  it’s the round ball one and I bought it for my art studio.	3	February 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality it not quite there.  Dot I had before was better but still a quality product.	3	April 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Poor intergration with CPI system. Keeps saying it connected and when you give a command it says it cant connect.	3	April 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The 4th Gen Echo Dot has better ""Alexa"" voice output as compared to Echo Dot 3rd Gen which has a very muffled Alexa voice.  However, the Echo Dot 4th Gen doesn't respond as readily and reliably as the 3rd Gen.  The microphone/voice detection function is worse than the 3rd Gen.  Also, the light indicating response or notifications is entirely at the very bottom perimeter and is much harder to see than Dot 3rd Gen, especially if the viewer is not looking almost horizontally at the base.  When looking down at almost all angles, or up at any angle, the light isn't visible.  I'm trying some aluminum foil around the base to reflect up some light so I can see when the device is detecting my voice.  Amazon should create an inexpensive remedy immediately.  One suggestion would be a snap-on, iridescent, translucent, plastic base ring that would reflect light high enough to be seen when looking at the Dot 4th Gen. while not decreasing the slip-resistance of the existing base."	3	November 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I purchased the echo dot on Black Friday for a Christmas present.  At the time, the device was sold with a 6 month free subscription to Amazon Music Unlimited.  Part of the my decision in purchasing said device was the free subscription.  I thought that coupled with the dot the giftee would appreciate having a 6 month trial of Amazon's music service.  I gave the gift on Christmas day and informed the gift reciepent that they had had the subscription to activate upon setting up the device.  Well, I come to find out that two days later when assisting the gift reciepent with the device set up that the subscription was linked to my Amazon account.  Furthermore, that it had been linked to my account since November!  I called Amazon c/s immediately.  I explained the the c/s representative that it was a gift that the subscription need to be associated with the gift reciepents Amazon account and not mine.  The c/s representative informs that that all subscriptions are linked to the purchasor's accounts.  I informed the c/s how was I to know that  when purchasing the device with the subscription.  Can you get anymore deceptive, Amazon?  No where when I made my purchase was I ever informed on this Amazon policy.  The c/s representative was nice but did absolutely nothing to correct the issue.  He said there was nothing he could do.  Which is really unacceptable considering I now look the fool for having told the gift reciepent that they have a 6 month trial and they don't.  To make things right, I would now have to spend $60.00 to gift a music subscription.  Seriously, I can not believe I am the only person who purchased this device on Black Friday as a gift and believed the subscription went with the device not the buyer!  Amazon your policy, practice is deceptive and outright fradulent in my opinion.  I'm disappointed and frustrated.  I think you need to reaccess your policy.	1	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"I'm disabled and use the Echos and Alexa to drive many smart-home devices around the house, providing significant improvement to independence.  When I ""upgraded"" to the Gen 4 Echo Dots from my Gen 2 and 3 units, I found they hardly work for this function.  It's not that can't do perform the function of relaying info to Amazon's Alexa system and back to your wi-fi and out to your smart-home devices; it just can't hear.  Apparently, Amazon downgraded the microphone/input system of the Gen 4 Echo.  I have had to go back to using the 3rd and 2nd Gen Dots, which I had temporarily retired, to hear my voice and perform smart-home control.  Good thing I kept them.  I kept the Gen 4 Dot, but only for their superior sound.If you are thinking about using Gen 4 Echo Dots for smart-home input devices; don't bother."	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought this one to replace a previously purchased one. I have Amazon prime and had purchased the single station 100 Million song option. Then I discovered that it would take one month to switch over to the new one....if I even knew how to convert over	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I am writing this review primarily based on comparing my GEN1 beta Alexa tower (it got knocked over one last time too many on the kitchen counter and needed to be replaced) with this Gen4 unit.  It seems like four steps backwards.  (#1) The Gen one device had much better sound compared to this new one. (#2) I can’t really see the LED ring when it’s down on the counter and I’m standing looking down on it.  (#3) I like the old Alexa because you could wipe it down and clean it. This one is made out of cloth material so dirty messy fingers cooking in the kitchen touching the volume buttons or the mute button is going to make this a germy mess. (When you’re cranking the volume sometimes Alexa just doesn’t hear you. Easier to press a button than shout over her.) (#4) And lastly woo hoo a proprietary power connector! The good old micro USB found on the Gen 2 and 3 always seemed to find an alternative use and  “buddy breathe” some wireless headphones etc. And somehow the color of the power adapter which feels like recycled plastic kids toys doesn’t match the color of the device. Set up still not as flawless as air pods. After  2-3 tries - finally required pressing and holding the activation button because it just didn’t work right without a little help. I think this guys going back it’s just not worth 50 bucks plus tax...	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"While I like the looks of it, the sound quality is nothing like the original Dot that I have. And having to ""retrain"" the skills is time consuming. Considering this is now the 3rd I have in my house on top of the Blink system, the AI should just sync with everything else."	2	August 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This echo dot is really nice but it saddens me how many times I have to call for it to listen to me and sometimes when the wake word activates it ignores me or says it does the command and doesn’t do anything. The speaker is way louder then the gen 3 echo dot.	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like the tuna can version better. It is less obtrusive.	3	May 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have an Echo Show and multiple other Alexa echo dots. Unfortunately, this 4th gen dot is not living up to the others. Maybe it's a fluke, but it seems to take multiple attempts to get it to hear/recognize it's call name.It's super annoying to have to yell at it to get it to listen.	2	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Me compré este modelo de Echo Dot por algunas reseñas que miré en internet de “entendidos” en que señalaban que era mejor esta generación que la anterior. Cabe decir que ya tengo un Echo Dot de 3era generación el cual funciona genial, pero me arriesgué a comprar 2 más en la nueva generación porque al momento de comprar no estaba en stock el de 3era generación, por las reseñas y que quería usar la funcionalidad de bocinas estéreo. Para ser breve, estoy decepcionado por lo malo que es esta nueva generación en la detección de la voz. Claramente es un problema de micrófonos. Lo que nunca me pasó con la 3era generación es que casi tuviera que gritarle “Alexa” para que escuchara peticiones. Además, siento que aún cuando a veces presta atención a “Alexa”, pareciera que las solicitudes no las escucha y continúa con lo que estaba haciendo como si nada. Es frustrante que un equipo más nuevo tenga un tan pobre desempeño.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This product was great, for just over a year. Then it needed to be reset every time I wanted to use it. That lasted for 3 resets before it stopped working entirely.	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I prefer the 3 gen, unless you like the looks better wait for something else. The ""improvements"" are not worth it."	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have multiple gen3 dots, and they work fabulously, but we wanted another one for an additional room and decided to buy the new generation one.  I’m so bummed we didn’t go with the gen3!Setup was a pain, it kept disconnecting from wifi and failing on setup.  We finally moved the unit and it seems to be working better, but it’s hit or miss.The biggest thing we notice a difference in is the sound.  We like to play music on the dots while we cooking and such, and our gen3 dots sound rich, full, and clear.  The new one sounds muffled, totally lacks and bass depth, and the richness is completely lacking.  I’m so disappointed in this unit, especially since it was $10 more expensive than the echo dot gen3.It’s also really annoying that you have to spend an extra $40 to get a unit with decent sound - we wouldn’t opt for that extra expense.Really disappointed in this newer version.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s mad at me and the internet for no reason	3	May 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I don’t really like Alexa she doesn’t understand my New Jersey accent and yes I’m from New Jersey I was born there	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Wish I had kept my echo 3rd generation! Nothing but problems and countless phone calls with customer service and it still is not up to par! I have a total of 4 echo dots and this is the only 4th generation(Thank Goodness) and the only one that I have problems with! And this is from the day I got it...I highly do not recommend!	2	July 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This was the third Echo Dot I purchased.  The first two were the models with a clock, and they have performed without issue since I started using them.  For this purchase I decided a clock wasn't necessary for the room it was going to be used in, so I saved some money and bought the model with no clock.For the first three months it worked fine like the others, but now it is no long staying connected with my router for longer than an hour or so even though it is in the same room as the router!  The other two Echo Dots (with the clock) are clear on the other side of my house and yet they have no trouble maintaining a connection.  It makes no sense, but I won't buy this particular model again.	2	February 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Outside of amazon music being beyond glitchy the last few months, if you're using a single, they might be great, but when setting up multiples, just stick with the old ones!  We bought all new ones for the shop (4 of them + the one 3rd gen we had here) so that we could spread them around instead of blaring it in 1 spot to hear across the store.  We have set up groups, homes, what ever you want to call it for years with no issues, until these.  They REFUSE to communicate 90% of the time, 1 will play, the others just sit.  We've completely wiped them and started over, bought extenders, called Amazon, Googled it (which it's a known issue btw) and nothing fixes it.  I'm about to go order old ones and use these for target practice.  Complete waste of money.	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So i bought my echo dot 4 on amazon prime day while it was on sale it normally cost $50-60 and im so glad i bought it while it was on sale because i would never pay that much for it THE SOUND QUALITY IS BAD it reminds me of a cheap speaker i have an echo dot 3 and its way better !	2	July 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"This device and the replacement device never worked. After resetting, troubleshooting with Amazon, and shedding some tears, the blue light would spin, but nothing would happen when given commands. It did not matter what room it was in or how many times it was factory reset...nothing. One of the devices worked for a few days. It was a birthday gift for my 8 year old, so it was very disappointing.After spending months with Amazon troubleshooting, even receiving a replacement device that did the same thing, they wanted to issue me a partial refund that was a tiny percentage (10%) of what I paid when it NEVER worked. They said I was outside of the warranty period (by a few days) and would not consider the extensive support they had on file with the devices. After a horrible call with them, they finally issued a more reasonable yet still partial refund. But I am still out a birthday gift. My kid still doesn't have a device that works, and the call to Amazon to finally resolve the situation and give up on the device was unacceptable. I can't just have the device sitting around collecting dust.I have a 3rd gen Echo that works perfectly in this house every time. It isn't ""the number of devices in the home"".This was the worst Amazon experience I have ever had. This representative tried to tell me multiple times to ""ma'am, let me explain to you how refunds work"", and ""Ma'am, you are not understanding"".Yikes.I love my 3rd gen Echo. I love my 1st gen Dot. But after this, I am considering a Google device if this is what happens when the devices don't work."	1	November 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It's only listening to half of what we ask her to do.  When we are just talking she does everything we are talking about like our dog is barking and Alexa barks.	3	March 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"This version is now discontinued. I have an old Tap (the tall, cylinder kind) that leaves this Echo Dot in the dust!! The voice recognition is terrible, and I was a radio DJ and college professor, so I enunciate very clearly; my old Tap has no problem with my voice or my husband's.  This thing actually tries to get the consumer to buy stuff with ""helpful"" reminders and what I feel are advertisements. The notification feature is annoying, so mine lives in the kitchen. I'm going to try to do a trade-in for something else, but why Amazon would want it back is beyond me!"	1	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This thing connects poorly or not at all to the wifi. It won't successfully talk to any of the devices that should be compatible. It connects but they won't respond to the commands. I can't ask it a question and get any useful information. In short a piece of junk and a waste of money. Plus the money wasted on on the so called compatible devices. Don't buy this garbage. It is all hype. It doesn't work at all	1	November 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Worked as other Alexa devices have with good sound until last month.  Only lasted 15 months.  Will probably revert back to a Dot or Show as have those going on years.	3	March 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The setup requires MUCH more patience than the sales people say. I'm sure it's easy for someone that's done it many times, but just getting all the right settings for it to just play from your iTunes on your iPhone is a chore for first-timers, and getting all settings just right for Echo to access your Mac iTunes takes more settings yet. The constant hustle for you to buy The Latest Hits or music services is truly obnoxious. Be ready to just unplug it if you don't want responses to things you didn't ask for.	3	October 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It didn’t help me with math problems	3	May 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I've been using the original echo dot for a long time. I decided to try this one out when it was on sale. I thought, given the large amount of fabric indictive of a large speaker, that the audio quality would be much better. I was very disappointed. This thing had a very hard time picking up voices and commands and the audio was not that different from a gen 1 echo dot. I opened this thing up to try and figure out why. Turns out that the fabric is strictly decorative. There are little holes in the thick hard plastic shell near the top. So instead of the whole thing being perforated or with pass through holes to the microphone and speaker, there is maybe a square inch of space for your voice to get in. The thing is basically deaf and redered useless because of this. I do not recommend this unless you put it some place below eye level where you can talk DOWN into it.	1	August 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I received the Echo Dot for Christmas.  I mainly wanted  it for playing music as, I have lots & lots of CDs and no way to play them anymore. Let's start by saying I'm old and really don't want to learn new things.  You just can't ask Alexa  to do this and that.  I am not going to buy plugs and appliances that can use Alexia and have to programs everything.  Alexia didn't always listen to me. Had a problem when I unplugged her and took her to a different room  Seems she had to adjust to the WiFi there.  If I had a problem she told me to go to App on phone and pretty soon my phone was Alexia  I know that Amazon has thousands of tunes but found the didn't have enough of the ones I wanted to hear.  I'm trying to simplify my life, so Alexia went back and I bought a Boom Box.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s intended use was as a personal assistant. Remember appointments, daily tasks etc. My advice is to go with the EchoShow. Voice recognition is excellent compared to echo dot. You ask echo dot a question and 7 out of 10 times the answer is I can’t find anything on that. EchoShow rarely failed to offer up answers. Lastly there was an issue with the volume of Alexa’s voice on the dot. It was high and then it was low. Even after adjusting it accordingly. Lots of issues with internet connectivity as well. Even though it’s sitting in exact location EchoShow was.	2	May 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Having a hard time keeping it set up but im learning well trying	3	April 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Still kind of dumb knows somethings and other it does not that is a database problem	3	April 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	it is a good item but the sound quality is not that great	3	May 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Nothing but problems with this device.  I purchased because I already have two 3rd Gen. Echos which are working out great (minus the usual Amazon annoyances).This is my second try at the 4th gen., and there are just so many problems.  First off, there is a BLATANT difference in quality between the 4th gen devices I've tried, and the 3rd gen.  The microphone seems to be less powerful, and I find myself often having to repeat commands or get much closer to the device than with the 3rd gen.  I know they altered the design of the speaker but the quality is noticeably worse.On top of that, there seems to be a bug where the device misses or stutters on the first word or two of many responses.  The issue continued after trying a replacement device.My sincere recommendation is to stay away from this device.  Either try a 3rd gen., or wait until the next gen is out.  Good luck.	1	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I replaced my Echo 2nd Gen with this unit. I like the size and responds very well. But I am having a problem with the sound level changing. I have this Echo output connected to my stereo and set the volume level to 7 (or 70%). It will stay at that level for 1 - 2 days, but then will change to 3 (or 30%). It doesn't matter if I set the volume level using a voice command or the Alexa phone app. I've tried contacting Amazon chat help but no one responds to my chat request. This started happening about 1 week ago, there was no issue before that. I don't know if this is a problem with this unit or if it a general issue with the Echo Gen 4.Update: I purchased a second Echo Gen4 for the bedroom and it doesn't have the same volume issue. The second unit works perfectly. I exchanged the first Echo Gen4 unit for a replacement.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The sound that comes out of the 4th gen Dot is quite good, and that's one of the main things I use Alexa devices for. However, the microphones must be really poorly placed in the 4th gen Dot because it repeatedly couldn't understand me. I tried turning it. I tried different locations. I tried all sorts of things, and it just couldn't understand me half or more of the time. So, I put one of my 2nd gen Dots, and then I put a 3rd gen Dot in the same place I had the 4th gen initially, and those hear me just fine. I am now using a 3rd gen Dot in the location I tried the 4th gen Dot. I have muted the microphones on the 4th gen Dot and only use it as an additional ""room speaker""."	2	February 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased my ED4G hopping to improve the sound, but my ED3G sounds better; better base and trebble. Also, I have to speak louder for it to execute my requests. Perhaps it is deffective?	3	February 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I liked the color. But didn't like it didn't have a clock	3	May 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Consistently disconnect from Wi-Fi when I have an extender 10 feet away from it. My phone shows 80% Wi-Fi in the room where the dot is..... Very disappointed.... Probably going to Google home	2	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Prime day had this echo on sale for 1999 with a light bulb. I bought it for my grand children. After I purchased on July 13 I realized Amazon charged me $54 and 67 with the price of the bulb and full price for the echo with taxes included. I called and I was on a chat five people in all one hour 15 minutes later nothing accomplished. They refunded the forecast of the lightbulb refused to refund the difference of the echo. They told me it was too late. That I waited too late.??? The payment went through four days ago. How is that too late? Then I ask them if you can refund the lightbulb why can’t you send the difference back on the echo. Then the man from some other country began to say well there were deals in so many parts of the world  and so many regions that we don’t know if that’s what the real price of your package was supposed to be. What? I thought Amazon hired better people than us! I was furious. They beat around the bush they wanted me to calculate the percentage of what I was supposed to have but then still told me I couldn’t have the difference. So frustrating! Is there an English American phone number that I can call that know what’s going on in the American market? The man said he didn’t know what America had for prime day. What in the world? So frustrating! I have been a prime member for many years and purchase many things and on prime day I purchased 300 and something dollars worth of product. I will be returning the echo! Amazon runs the speaker on sale all throughout the year why would I wanna pay full price? Can you believe I even sent them an email showing the timestamp that it was purchased on prime day and they still wouldn’t help me because I waited too late??? 😡😡	1	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Cheap sounding	3	May 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Mientras hemos ido descubriendo características del sistema, nos hemos ido encontrnado con la mala noticia que muchas skills no están disponibles para latinoamérica. Espero que esto se solucione pronto.	3	March 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This thing gets basically used as a Bluetooth speaker only so I hardly ever use it to make commands to it.  When I do tell Alexa to do something, I had it set up so that it would only recognize my voice only.  However, it recognizes everyone’s voice and so it becomes chaotic at times with everyone in the house toying with it.	2	July 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The speaker is fine since it’s so small. My problem is that when I say hey Alexa, it lights up but when I ask it something it stays lighten up and says nothing. Doesn’t even do what I ask. Overall it’s an ok purchase	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This is my third Echo Dot.  The first was the original and it had the best voice quality.  The second was the second generation and the voice quality was not good.  This 4th generation has slightly better voice quality but not as good as the first.  I believe there is too much base.  I've turned the bass down to the minimum and that helped a little but is still seems a little muffled.	3	November 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Being able to quickly set a kitchen timer is nice, as well as listen to different types of music.  But one of the main reasons I made the purchase was to use it for phone calls - mainly Zoom - and it fails.  Sure, it can call a person, but when calling a business (or Zoom meeting) that would normally require entering digits on a phone, the Echo drops the call after entering the digits.  Hopefully Amazon will fix this, but in the meantime, the Echo is unplugged and sitting on a shelf.  I don't really like the music offerings (there's no skill for SoundCloud) and I have at least 3 other timers in my kitchen at all times.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It could use easier settings onto getting other devices paired.  Not user friendly.	2	September 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Timers alarms etc default to a lower volume for some reason as compared to the voice. To adjust that volume, you might think it’s in audio setting but it’s not.  It’s in sounds down the list on the screen.Any fan background noise from the kitchen hood, the device voice recognition fails a lot as compared to the older dot which works better. When a timer goes off, it can’t hear very well when you tell it to stop or cancel the timer. Many timers don’t get set while cooking because it doesn’t hear as well. When it’s talking it doesn’t hear well even the wake word of “echo” sometimes requiring yelling. Playing music sounds better on the new dot.A recommendation for the Alexa app- have help/description context in place for each setting. Having to go to menu then help &feedback is pretty useless since you got to exit out of what you’re trying to use.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the Echo Dot! Adds easy entertainment and communication with family and friends. Still learning all it can do but happy with it now!	3	March 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Ok	2	October 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is one of the most infuriating purchases I have made. I recently bought a echo dot 3rd generation on prime day special but couldn't help wonder if the sound quality was different. The 4th generation device's sound is much better. It is a clear and less muffled. Which is great if I didn't need to connect it to anything or what to use any Alexa features. I've spent 4 hours going through every troubleshoot information I can find and no matter what this thing will not connect to my mobile hotspot wifi. I had some similar issues with the 3rd generation but it just took a few extra tries. I even tried to get assistance and they sent me the instructions already included then switched me over to someone else who wanted to start me over again with the same basic help links.This is infuriating because not only does this item not work as its supposed to but I also returned my functional 3rd generation which is now double the price and unavailable.	1	October 22, 2020	0
Echo Dot	This device has great sound, but has very poor performance in waking upon using the “wake” word which is extremely frustrating.	3	April 5, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The best description is to say that Alexa does not listen very well. Commands are ignored and the device seems to fail when ascribing action.	3	March 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"It used to be great, but now Amazon has made an update to try and force you to subscribe to their music service ($14.99/month). If you don't subscribe, you don't even get the option of listening to the music library YOU ALREADY PAID THEM FOR, unless you also want to weed through to songs that someone decided are ""similar to"" your request. For instance? I requested Daughtry...and got SLIPKNOT!Everyone is out to make a buck...like Amazon needs more money!!!"	1	November 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s to small	3	May 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The audio quality on this Echo is TERRIBLE. If you’ve ever played with an equalizer, imagine turn the treble all the way up and turning the bass off completely. That is how the 4th generation sounds. I wouldn’t bother attempting to listen to music on it. The voice recognition isn’t good either. I have 3 other 3rd generation echos throughout my home and despite me being less than 5 feet from this one, calling out “Alexa” gets caught by any one of the others and not this one. I often find myself having to repeat myself and it’s frequently offline in the Alexa app. I purchased the 4th generation, mainly because of its aesthetic and that it was the latest one. However now, I’m realizing that I should have just purchased another 3rd generation. Some less important things would be: despite ordering the charcoal option, it came with an ugly, cheap-looking white power cable and it feels very cheap in the hand.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It rarely ever responds when I say it’s name. I feel like I have to yell at it 100 times for it to work. Compared to the other Alexa devices I have I feel like I was ripped off. In my opinion the echo dot (3rd gen) is a lot better than this one was.	2	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I just wanted bluetooth speakers to use with my computer as the internal speakers were starting to go. These work just fine for that, not super fast setting it up as you need to go through the alexa app. But then I was shocked to find out in all the setting available you can't turn off the loud announcement ""Playing from..."" every time it begins playing if it hasn't done so in awhile. In all the reviews most seemed to skip this ""feature."" I've since found tons of people complaining and no one has come up with a way to stop this. It might not even be so bad if it wasn't always as loud as it can be. Like, I know it's playing from my computer, that's why I set it up to do so! Now if I keep the speakers I'll here this announcement at least 2-12 times a day. At least when I open the netflix app I can mute or turn it down for the bong-bong noise every time you open it, imagine instead of the noise an announcement saying ""Now opening Netflix!"" that you couldn't mute or even turn down. Now I'm always restarting the first thing I play because you always miss the first 3 seconds. So stupid."	2	September 2, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I wanted to include an echo dot in my bathroom, so when this went on sale I bought this I moved my old echo dot into the bathroom and put this in my bedroom. I thought it would be an upgrade, but frankly this is somehow much worse than the last generation.The main thing is the audio quality. It doesn't have a very full sound, everything sound tingy -- almost like everything is going through a vocalizer. This is for everything! Its own voice, rain sounds, music, audio books! Really annoys me.It also barely ever hears its activate word! I have to both raise my voice and lower the tone of my voice just for it to respond -- even in slience like the middle of the night. I hate feeling like I'm yelling at my devices.Then it also struggles with routines that my previous echo dot could do no problem. I have a nightly routine that turns off the lights and plays rain sounds about 20% of the time it won't turn the lights off and about 50% of the time it won't play rain sounds. I have to say the routine command word multiple times for it to get through everything or individually command it.Very likely this is getting relegated to only bathroom duty and my old echo dot is coming back into the bedroom.Feel like this was a waste of money. Truly disappointed.	2	December 7, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Not as loud as I was expecting it to. Overall it serves the purpose that I need it to, but should have invested in one with better sound quality.	3	March 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The device is handy for organization and home control. I also like it for music.  However, the speech sound quality is terrible. Far too much bass even with it reduced to max.	3	February 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Our original Echo Dot died. Went to purchase a new one at Best Buy. Had a choice of the version 3 or the newest version 4 (the Ball). I use it on my nightstand by the bed. Dot looks like a big black ball that reminds me of a ball to pick up and through it to my dog. I really don't like the looks of it. I liked the look of version 3 better. Sounds ok. I keep sound on the low level for going to sleep at night with music. Control markings on the top not that flattering. Alexa blue ring at the very bottom of ball. Depending where I am standing, can't see if it is on. Laying in bed in a dark room, the blue ring light is very bright and hits me right in the eyes. I would not buy this one again.	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Response is slow and is not as knowledgeable at some questions as you would think.	3	April 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My first Alexa device and I really went all in with automation and voice controlled lights for my home. The device worked great and it was part of my everyday life. Then 7 months in, the dot would get stuck with a permanent blue light and not work. I can unplug /reboot it and it will work for a day or maybe half a day. This sucks.Worse , I call Amazon and they do not offer me a replacement just 25% credit for an upgrade . They also suggested me to buy a new adaptor which sucks. The device stopped working in less than a year and I was stuck with it. So I am giving it 2-3/5 for such a short life .	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Kinda disappointed, glad it was a free promo	3	May 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Love voice recognition, sound quality and humor. I haven’t been able to use my sengled light bulb since I’ve had this device. Apparently there’s a tech issue. I really miss having a light in my living room at night. Hopefully it will be solved soon.	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We’ve had this connected for 3 months. Hardly ever use it. It sits in our living room, like a sad little ball.	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I thought it was bigger then it was too small for my taste	3	April 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound of this speaker is great but if you plan on using 2 or more of them in parallel, go with something else.  I purchased 2 of the echo 4th gen speakers and in 2 different homes(on 2 different internet/wifi systems) they would regularly cut out at least every other song.  As such I bought 2 of the new echo dots, and have them bluetoothed to much better speakers and have save >$100.  Sadly, with the 2 brand new echo dots, I am still getting the cut out and at times static but only when I am playing the music over multiple dots.  The echo 4th gen speakers are being returned as the cost does not justify the music regularly cutting out.  I'm sure that at some point they will figure out how to run multiple echo speakers/dots without the music cutting out or high levels of static, but until then I am going to cut my losses.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Bought on 2/9/21 and after 4 months, it will not stay connected to the Wi-Fi. I have a few other Echo devices that work just fine. I am not sure if I just got a lemon, or they are just junk. When it is connected to the Wi-Fi it sounds great. But, no matter what I do, it loses the Wi-Fi connection after a while. Sometimes very quickly.Update on 8/29/2021.Amazon refunded my money for the echo.I may or may not try another 4th gen echo.I will update the rating to 3 stars, since, when it did work, it sounded good.	3	August 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound equality isn’t what I expected and voice Recognition isn’t the best	3	April 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have purchased several amazon products including several echo dot 3rd gen, echo auto 1st gen, echo show 5, and now echo dot 4th gen. Having multiple smart lights, plugs and other devices in the home on voice command is an absolute luxury bringing many conveniences to my life.  This version of the echo dot has one of the worst speakers and an even poorer microphone. I often have to repeat my commands and notice much poorer sound quality than the echo dot 3. If you have this near a TV or somewhat noisy environment you will likely have to repeat your commands or pause the other sound. If you care about sound quality, consider the echo dot 3 or an external speaker. I feel this speaker is worse than the echo show 5 but the microphone is slightly better. Overall it does its job and may look nicer than the echo dot 3 but does not function as well.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have been keeping up with new amazon devices for awhile now. I have 5 devices throughout my home, not including fires sticks and cubes ect..  I replaced a 3rd gen with this new 4th gen. I ended up reinstalling the 3rd generation after a week with the 4th gen. 4th Generation looks great, but the sound quality is probably worse than the 1st generation. They took alot away from the sound quality, and volume. This was a replacement for my bedroom, and I use the bedroom alexa for mostly alarm clock wake up, and audio books. Alarm will not wake me, and I am not that sound of a sleeper. For the audio books, this just plain stinks. Can barely hear somethings. Maybe I got a bad one not sure, but I really don't think do. I will be buying the straight alexa echo 4th gen, with the 3 speakers setup. Seriously I think they should discontinue this device.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have the echo and the echo studio as well as 2 echo dots. I love the echo and echo studio but the echo dots don't hear me near as well as the others and the speaker is terrible. I knew it wouldn't be as good as the echo but for $50 the speaker quality should be better than it is.	3	November 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This Alexa 4th gen echo dot was a direct replacement for a 3rd gen echo dot. I never had to repeatedly say Alexa….. to get a response from the old one but this one sitting not 4 feet from me requires me to say Alexa 2 to 3 times sometimes to “wake” her up. She seems to be a bit on the lazy side compared to her older sister! Also if it is streaming music sometimes it’s impossible to get her to hear you try to stop the music, or tell you who the artist is. I just have to unplug the thing. Beyond annoying! Like the child that just doesn’t listen.	3	August 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Each day I ask Alexa to connect to NPR radio or other music sources. Alexa comes on and after 2 minutes, Alexa turns off. I ask Alexa for weather and time. The response I get is that Alexa is having a problem. I do not need to hear this. After several attempts and frustration, I unplug Alex, and wait a few minutes to plug the power cord to Alexa. Finally, Alexa begins to work. I have a very strong WIFI network, which was upgrades months ago. I can't understand why I am having these daily issues with Alexa. Maybe you sent a refurbished model. Any way, I am not a satisfied and happy customer. I am open to receive a replacement Alexa.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Replaced a third generation dot hoping for a better response time without all the mistakes it makes.  It continually screws up voice commands although I am very careful about how how I speak to alexia (speak clearly and precisely)	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We have 5 of the previous versions around the house and this is the hardest one to get to recognize you.  We have to yell at it to cut alarms off and such... so annoying	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Agree with prior negative comments regarding poor sound quality and will be returning for a refund. I really wanted to like this as the price was too good to pass up. However, the old adage of “you get what you pay for” applies here, and I’m going to purchase the $99 echo next. Setup was easy, Alexa works great, but the sound volume maxes out at about a 3 on a scale of 10. Simply not loud enough for my intended purpose	3	October 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Great little speaker with good sound just doesn’t have the best bass but pretty good for such a small speaker Alexa doesn’t always listen to what you say no matter how slow and clear you say the commands also feel like Amazon music should be free for prime customers but at like 3 or 4$ it’s not to bad to the bank account all around good speaker for the price and size 100x better then the google speakers by far	3	October 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Love having the multiple Echo Dots!!!! We can have music playing in the downstairs or upstairs or both. Love that we can also use it as an intercom system instead of yelling or texting when another person is needed to contact. Love our Echos!!!!!	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Firstly for the price it is not worth it. With a google home that was given to me by spotify I am able to set more than one alarm at once . this is just one of the features that this item is lacking. It also has trouble recognizing voice and command.	2	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	it is handy but has poor sound quality ,fine for listening to the news and quickly getting FM stations...	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	What's it do better than a prehistoric Google Home Mini? Nothing really. The sound is slightly better but the Dot's garbage vocal recognition and pitiful lack of YT music make it somehow worse.Get a radio or just yell upstairs.	2	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Always had repeated commands by Alexa. My voice commands not always recognized by Alexa. Not worth the price.	2	September 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound is great however the connection is horrible it keeps disconnecting from the Wifi when not in use and randomly turns off.	3	March 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This has no battery, and must be plugged in to use.What this means?  When you want to go room to room, you need to unplug, move it, wait for it to load again, and choose your listen again.I prefer my ancient Tap, I can move it without missing a beat, and plug it in when needed.I am liking Amazon products less and less each year ( says this longtime customer).  This is clearly designed in a way that IS inconvenient with the intent of encouraging multiple purchases.	2	May 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I really like the sound quality and tried to place it in my living room, replacing the dot that was there, placing the dot in our kitchen.  Unfortunately, whenever I gave it a command (in the living room) the dot in the kitchen would respond.  After more testing I discovered this version of the echo is very hard of hearing.So if you want great sound quality and don't mind speaking a little louder for commands, this is the echo for you!	3	October 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was disappointed with the quality of the speaker.  Also, the Echo is black but the cord is white. Duh!  The mismatch looks terrible.	3	March 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	When we first got Alexa, it was Amazing! Ask her anything and she'd respond the best she could. She's still like that, except that, instead of just playing a song we ask for, she says that we can't request a specific song or artist unless we join yet another subscription.So when my wife bought me my Alexa for my office, it was really cool at first, but now because of this change, it's only use is an intercom, which is still good enough for 3 stars, considering I can also use it to turn on/off thongs throughout the house from my office.Still, if I'd have known it was going to end up like this... I'd have begged my wife not to buy me one.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Device seems 2 work when it wants to... Very finicky. When u are not constantly talkin to it, u will have 2 unplug it 2 restart it... Was a free gift so can't complain 2 much.	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality for listening is improved over my second generation Echo dot, however, the voice recognition is frustrating and seems to work less than it fails. When I give Alexa prompts from barely a foot away it rarely picks it up but my old second generation dot which used to sit in the same location but is now in another room or my echo Flex in yet another room picks up the command. I don't know if I got a dud and the microphone on this unit just isn't working or if it's a design flaw. I do have the unit a bit high (on top of a 6 ft. cupboard), but my 2d generation dot worked like a champ from there. It's really frustrating. I updated rather than by another Flex to get better sound quality in the most used portion of my house so that is also where I make the most commands but this new dot just isn't working.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The microphone works about 60% of the time. It gets frustrating and annoying to have to keep repeating yourself, even if you're only 2 ft away.	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought two of these and  sub. It was a pita to set up. The sound was OK.  Not enough bang for the buck. I returned them.	2	September 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not happy with the sound quality. too much static. It works when it wants to work. I think I got a LEMON. I have 4 speakers this was the last one I ordered and the only one I've had a problem with. I would like this one replaced.	2	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I get tired of having to repeat myself. Gets frustrating.	3	April 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Don't like that I can tell it to turn off. No matter what unless you manually turn it off, it's always listening	3	March 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The design and sound are beautiful and I love to have Alexa. It’s the best assistant of all time (so far). That said, the microphone requires me to sometime “yell” in comparison to previous generations. In fact, my Echo Dot 3 in the bathroom hears me over the one in the living room sometimes. Recommended for sound, but not if you rely on assistance. Stay with previous generations.	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really, really like the sound compared to my other Echo Dot (3rd Gen) devices. It was a great replacement for my 3rd gen in the office, which had been connected to better speakers that went kaput. But for some reason this particular device loses connection repeatedly. I've moved it to 5 different places in my home office, which is across the hall from my wifi access point. This is really frustrating because I use the device to set timers and alarms for work meetings, only to find sometime after setting the timer/alarm it stopped working and I was late for a meeting. I've now brought in my echo flex as a replacement. And it doesn't give me a yellow band or orange band indicating a network issue, it flashed blue like everything is working. A power cycle usually gets it back on the network after 5 minutes of bootup.	2	January 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I've got 3 Dots, 2 shows, thought I'd toss this one in..... it's now in the trash. Very poor sound quality, and Alexa hardly understood me.	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I changed my standard Alexa to this one I don’t like it it takes her so long on this one to respond I guess after while she will process my voice but over all the sound is amazing!!!!!!	2	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s been a couple years since we got our last Echo Dot so I thought it was time for an upgrade. The sound quality of this is great for the size and it’s a cool design.Unfortunately it seems to get knocked off line pretty easily. None of our other echo products have had this much trouble reconnecting after a power outage, for instance, or for no discernible reason. The only way I can get it to reconnect sometimes is to unplug it and plug it back in.	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have not used my Echo Dot. I was told by the salesperson that I could use it as a speaker in addition to my Amazon Alexa. My daughter tried to hook it up for me, but there was a problem since my account is with Amazon and my phone(means of connecting it) was with another server. Otherwise, I do not need the Dot. I will return it and just continue to move my Alexa from room to room when I want it close by. Hooking it up meant another fee and I already pay the fee for Alexa, which is a great piece of equipment. I like my music, I like it loud and I like to hear it all over the house. My daughter has three Dots and loves them, because each person can use theirs in separate rooms as they wish. Maybe someday Amazon or Echo will create additional speakers for Alexa.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have ordered and just received a brand new Echo Dot 4th gen. The only reason to trade in my brand new 3rd gen Echo Dot is because Amazon advertise that the built in temp sensor of the 4th gen Echo Dot can help turn on a device (a heater already on in my case) if the device is plugged into an Amazon smart plug. I looked everywhere in Alex app on my phone trying to create a routine but there's no where to turn on/off a smart plug using an Echo Dot. Then I read online that I should do that via a voice command: 'Alexa, turn the first plug on when room temperature is below 70 degrees'. And the new Echo dot responds: 'First plug doesn't support that'. Of course, if I only say 'Alexa, turn on (or off) the first plug' then the new Echo dot has no problems turn on/off the plug.I'm confused. Please help. Thanks a lot.Edit: Another time I try to test the built in temp sensor by saying ' Alexa, what's the room temperature?' and was told 'Bedroom doesn't support that'. I went to activity history in my Alexa app to see if the new Echo dot could recognize my command and I see the transcript is exactly what I have said. It clearly recognizes my commands.Update: this gen's sound is clearly inferior to 3rd gen. There's no two way about that.	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Se desconecta montón. No escucha muchas veces. no es como los demás modelos.	3	April 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It frequently says it doesn't have a song I know it does have. Songs are cut off before the end and interrupted during the song. If I ask for MSNBC from Tune-in it says it can't get MSNBC but it will play music similar to my request.The music takes a long time to start, it hesitates, it stops before the end of the song.It loses the network frequently even though my phone, and computer are on the same wireless network.Very disappointed in the product. I am also nervous about the car connector for this 4th generation globe I purchased, if it doesn't work 10' feet from the network what can I expect with the product designed to work with it. Too, too much base very hard to understand talk shows, news etc.The sound is not as wonderful as advertised. Very poor performance.Melina - Purchased a few weeks ago.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought 2 of these to replace the 2 3rd gen echo dots I had and the voice recognition is absolutely horrible. I listen to rain sounds every night and it’s so frustrating to practically wake everyone up by yelling ALEXA because she can’t hear me. Today my dad came over and he said “Melissa” and Alexa came on and asked what we needed, but 10 seconds later when him and I were trying to ask her something she didn’t reply to “Alexa” at all 🤦🏼‍♀️ Also, last night while I was listening to rain sounds asleep all alone, she started making this creepy loud electric crackling sound over the rain sounds and would not respond to her name at all, I had to unplug it to get her to stop. I’m afraid of her at this point and will be putting the 3rd gen echo dots back in place.	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This is my second Alexa. 1st one was a dot. After about 4 months it started acting up. Executive technical support tried solving that problem for around a month. In the 5th month it stopped responding all together, and no longer functioned at all. 2 weeks later I left a message for Executive technical services, not exact quote "" Hello, this is ___________ . I am calling 📞 about my Alexa no longer working at all, and your continued attempts to fix it remotely haven't worked at all. At this point is it worth frustrating, and Pi@@#&% me more off, and to continue to waste your time, and resources. Versus just replacing it? I got a response that same day! Apologiesing for the inconvenience. That they were going to replace it with a new one.So now I have a new Alexa dot glacier white 4th generation. Nice right! That's what I thought too, at 1st. Guess what kind of problems I am having. Oh, and yes it is a lot less than 10 ft away from my router.Guess, it is time for another phone call 📲?"	2	October 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I really like this but for some odd reason it just goes off in the middle of the night for no reason.  Does anyone know how to stop that?	3	February 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Disappointed.  I am an Alexa fan, I have four active Dots around my growing smart home.  I have had Gen 1, 2, 3 and then 2 Gen 4s.  I don't like the sound, too directional out the front only.  They don't respond to the wake command very well, sometimes requires 3-4 efforts.  Doesn't always respond to commands as accurately as previous models.  The softball shape sticks out like a sore thumb, unlike previous Dots that blend in their surroundings, hardly noticeable.  The ball shape is more appropriate for your kids room.  I returned the two Gen 4s and replaced them with new Gen 3s, the Gen 3s are five stars to me.  I will hope Gen 5 is a more serious effort at true enhancements.  (but at it's worse, I love Alexa)UPDATE:  after replacing the Gen 4s Gen3s... The sound is much fuller with the Gen 3s and can be heard equally well from any angle, not true of the Gen 4s. The Gen 3s respond every time you use the wake up command, far from true with the Gen 4s.  The Gen 3 looks much more appropriate, the color ring is much easier to see, the Gen 4 looks like an out of place child's toy.  My recommendation, skip the Generation 4 model and hope for a more serious upgrade.	2	January 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	After a few months I had to start yelling to get Alexa to respond	3	April 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It's a useless instrument in my household.	3	May 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I got two just to use with the TV and firestick. Firestick is also Amazon but you cannot connect two speakers for stereo, I was able to connect one via Bluetooth (which customer service said you could not). I do like my speakers but wish there were better integration.	3	December 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not following instructions	3	May 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	If you love music, then I advise you to avoid Amazon’s Echo products. I subscribed to Amazon’s Music Unlimited service, and about half the time that I request a particular song or album, Alexa will respond with something completely wrong. I have six Echo Shows and Echo Dots around my house, and I’ve been using them for about three years. At first I thought the were wonderful, but over time my frustration with the haphazard voice recognition and the increasing marketing messages from Amazon has grown to the point that I hate these things.Amazon appears to see the Echo devices as just a way to advertise other products that they sell. There is no thought to making the devices more capable and more useful to their users.Choose a smart speaker from another company. Amazon’s Echo devices can only be considered stupid speakers.	1	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Why only a 3 star when everything else is 5 star?  Connectivity.  If the device looses its internet connection when the internet comes back up the Echo Dot 4 must be unplugged and then plugged back in.  I was having this problem while travelling and using my mobile hotspot.  I just happened to have an Echo Dot Gen 3.  When my phone went out of range, the Gen 3 lost its' internet.  When my phone came back in range, the Gen 3 immediately reconnected.  The remaining Gen 4 had to be rebooted.  I admit the Gen 4 has superior sound, but this is a major problem with what is probably internal software.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have four Echos in my house. This one works about one out of every five times I try to use it. I no longer have the packaging or I would return it. Very disappointed.	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I'm not new to Echo, as I've had my old one for years now. I can speak to that one from anywhere in the room, without elevating my voice in the slightest, and it instantly recognizes and responds. With this one both I and my wife often have to repeat ourselves and almost yell at the thing before it responds. Sometimes it will light up when we call the wake word and still won't execute the command unless we repeat it again. Often have to almost yell at this thing, or walk right over to it.I've done all the recommended things to improve this, but nothing has made it any better. It sounds pretty good playing music, and stylistically it looks pretty cool. But if it can't respond to your commands it's just a really expensive, really nice-looking paper weight. I've seen other reviews saying the same thing so this is no isolated thing, and not operator error. They need to step up and FIX this.	2	December 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	So, I wasn't quite sure how many stars to put for this as it is a Christmas gift and hasn't been set up yet. However, if you do get this as a gift for one of your kids, just note that the box it comes in IS an Echo Dot box with Echo Dot written all over it! SMH. Amazon-1  Mom-0	3	November 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Good sound, tons better than the original dots. But please, for the love of God Amazon, please get rid of the, By the way, announcements 🤬	3	February 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	So I am giving the Alexa Speakers Low starts not because they are Bad but be Amazon will make them Malfunction so you have to get the newest one I have a gen 1,3 and the 4 both work great but big but my first Gen and 3 are acting up so bad but the funny thing is they worked great until gen 4 came out so now I only really have is a Gen 4 I have to fight and unplug my other to just to get them to work. But both have never been  Is damaged dropped in any way or ever had liquids spilled on them. So I'm just warning other people that buy when the new once come out over time your have to upgrade with a yrs but I said they work great  Until they force you to buy a new one	2	January 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Product will answer to TV ads then give a long dissertation from the TV's keywords.  Sound quality not as good as PC speakers.	3	February 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Google worked well, but took away volume control, so switched to alexa, sound quality is better on Alexa	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Wanted this as a Bluetooth speaker but won’t work unless you’re connected to Wi-Fi	3	April 11, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I literally have four Alexas. One each bedroom, one in the living room and another in the kitchen.: Their job is: turn on some lights, diffuser and specific power outlets.After 6 months of use, they started glitching. They have a hard time recognizing voice, stop the alarm, turn on the lights, start music. It even forgets my location and ask for the zip code to tell how’s the weather! My roommate got an diffuser and can’t connect it to them, because when he does it, the Alexas stop turning the lights on :) I don’t know if they think we’ll change 4 Alexas after less than a year of use just because they’re glitching. This won’t happen and I am actually considering stopping using it. I do not recommend this product and I will look for other smart devices.	2	February 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Overall I am satisfied with this but a lot of times the sound is garbled or breaking up. Not sure why. It's one of my many less used echoes so I can't be bothered returning it	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sounds great! However it constantly freezes now and I have to unplug it and plug it back in to reset it. I even hard reset the device to no avail. Get the extended warranty on this one	3	January 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 My Echo Dot 4th Gen works well when it isn’t frozen. Unfortunately it freezes every single day. The only way to fix it is to unplug it for 30 seconds or do a complete reset of it. Doing this makes it function properly but only for a few hours. I contacted customer service and the only thing they would do for me is have me go through those troubleshooting steps I mentioned above. The Echo is in pristine condition and has never been dropped and used rarely since it rarely ever works. Now I’m stuck with a worthless paperweight with a pretty blue light since Amazon refuses to honor their products…."	3	November 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"My second review.  Well we had 2 units, until we followed the instructions to re-install these units sent 2 weeks ago via email.  One unit now has been returned as it was determined to be a defective unit.  Amazing, we had been saying that for 12 months.  We thought the other unit was finally fixed.  Guess what, it too is not a quality product!  The unit returned is going to be replaced by the DOT that has the clock as these units appear to work. I am so frustrated by the MULTIPLE phone calls and extremely long chats most likely involving 20+ hours of frustration, all I want is the last unit properly updated with the clock unit.  Until the continuous ""blue"" ring issue is solved, purchase with the understanding there may be connection issues with limited technical help that really cares about product support.  Typically I am not a negative person, but this time we are beyond frustrated with Amazon Branded Electronics. One gentlemen advise on the phone it was a software issue that would be resolved within 2 weeks, just failed to state what 2 weeks.  Tired of talking, tired of being asked to try this or try that, just replace serial #G091AA0503940SBW with a clock version.  This problem, following all of the technical help has cost me a new internet provider & modem, a new mesh system with the same results.  It truly would be nice if a 100% refund was offered and no charge replacement.  1 star rating is way too kind."	1	November 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Well, it died after a couple of months, at most. The blue circle of death appeared as I asked Alexa to play a song - that was 8 months ago. This was not due to a surge. A 90 warranty is all Amazon offers for the echo (possibly other devices, too).  Funny thing is that the earlier generations of the echo are available for a trade-in option. This 4th generation is not! Draw your own conclusions, but mine says it's because they are subpar and faulty.	1	October 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Like the size and quality of soundGot it for my office.	3	April 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s barely better than any previous echo dot. Just a better speaker which still isn’t even HD. You gotta shell out an extra 20 to 30 bucks for that. The most ridiculous thing is, I was hoping for a smaller plug from the last giant plug for an echo dot… It’s smaller by a few centimeters. This thing looks straight out the 90s. I don’t even have another plug in my house large enough to compare it to. The plugs for my larger appliances aren’t even this big. The first and second generation Echo Dot used the same plug size as the fire TV and I cannot for the life of me understand why that changed. I’m actually satisfied that the fire TV plug got smaller so that you can plug multiple things into a single outlet or power strip. Who the heck is designing this ridiculous plug? Might as well keep my third gen and return this waste of space.	1	August 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It only works wired as far as power	3	April 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"This echo dot gen 4 worked fine until the past 5 weeks ( under a year )  Now it disconnects from WiFi every day.  Unplug and replug corrects the issue - but what's the point if Alexa needs a daily restart to respond to commands?!  I've done all the resets, umpteen times. Amazon cust. Service told me it is a software issue with some of the echo dots , nothing I could do to correct it, out of warranty,  and gave me a 4.5% coupon - only can be applied to another Echo Dot Gen 4 ?!  Exactly why would I do that ??Before it failed to stay connected - it was Great - has the Alexa ""I'm leaving  "" guard that alerts you if smoke alarms go off or glass breaks , sound is clear.Disappointed that Amazon did not offer a better replacement option."	2	December 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The voice is muted; treble needs to be increased.  Does not allow for two-week commands.  Does not remember reminders, etc. from previous dot.  It is louder than previous generation.	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought the echo dot not for the speaker, or anything, but for the promise that I could use it to interact with Cleo and teach alexa a language. Well what I did know before hand is that there's a limitation in this feature, many languages are not supported. That's fine, it's hard to be that comprehensive after all there's lots of languages out there. I contacted the team and requested to have a feature request be integrated so that when the limitation is reached at least you can put in a feature request and get feed back on that. I have not received a response of my request till now. I think my review is not so much for the device because it works. The review is for the limitation that I discovered with Cleo/Alexa functionality on the echo dot. I feel all the media about cleo failed to mention that cleo is limited to a few languages.	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Dot	My only complaint is that it has to be plugged in to use. I wish it had a usb plug versus just regular plug. It means if I want to take say camping or on trip it can’t be used	3	January 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Pore sound quality and very limited volume.  Must be plugged into electrical outlet to work at all.  I have 5 Alex's and this is the worst.  Very disappointing.	2	August 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is my fourth dot and it is the worst of the bunch.Has trouble hearing me and even seems to have issues with wi-fi.	3	February 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I wanted to give this a five star rating and then I wanted to give this review a one star rating. The problem was not in the machine but for some odd reason I could not get the device to work on it's own. It always wanted to go through the main echo show. I read everything and tried everything that I could to get it to work. My friends tried and my family tried. It should have been so simple. I ended up returning it out of frustration. It was most likely user error or it was not compatible with my echo show one. I do not know.	3	August 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Use it for music and sports mostly	3	April 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Doesn't work if not plugged up didn't know that before I bought it but I love the device	3	March 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I did not like Echo Dot.  Too hard to set up and use.	2	September 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I received the 4th Gen version yesterday.  It sets up pretty much the same as the 3rd.  But what I noticed immediately was the tinny sound quality.  This version is lacking the bass that 3rd has.  One would assume -- incorrectly -- that the design change was to improve sound quality.  Apparently not.  I was originally going to keep this one in my kitchen, in the area that I use the Echo the most.  I've relegated this one to the room I use the Echo the least.  I'm not certain if others like the spherical design or not.  Do you really want your Echo to stick out and be noticed or do you like to be a bit unobtrusive?	3	June 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not quite like a friend's larger version, which i thought this was.  The sound is somewhat tinny and not as clear, especially with music.  Not the full stereo sound I was expecting.	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	the sound quality is amazing but the rest is not that great	2	September 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So this device comes with a 3.5 mm Jack. Since it is a speaker by Design you would assume that if you plug something like your phone into it The Sound would go from your phone and come out of the speaker but that is not how this device works. Oh no no my friends! For some idiotic reason they have designed a speaker that can be hooked to another speaker but they cannot both be used at the same time. Plugging in a speaker makes the default speaker stop working.... can someone please explain the benefit of this design. If your wish is to use another speaker with this device you could easily Buy the version that doesn't have a speaker and save yourself some money. And I've heard that there is some option to switch it to an input instead of an output but my speaker did not come with that option. So I really don't see the point of putting the extra Hardware into the device.	1	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I've	2	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So the fourth generation should be BETTER, right?  This is a huge step BACKWARDS in terms of audio quality.  If it sounds worse, why is it bigger? I was hoping to have a better sounding speaker in the bathroom to hear over my morning shower, but no luck. The 3rd generation has better low end.  I'll keep it only because I got in on a Prime day, and it's going out in the garage attached to a mixer and a power amp where all it does is serve as a source.  A real let down for sure, but I'll get my $25 out of it one way or another.  Glad I didn't pay full price for this minimal audio : /	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	First, I suggest you get the 3rd generation, as the sound quality is much less tinny. Also, be prepared for the 'blue bar of death'. This means that the device will not stay connected to the wifi no matter how many times you re set it. Customer service will not help you after 90 days, so ignore what it says on the website. I spent 45 minutes this morning trying to get a replacement.One other thing...Google has better answers to questions than Alexa does.Finally, I use Spotify. Alexa responds better with Spotify as the default music service than Google does. Google really wants you to use YouTube music, so is difficult.	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I bought this product to add voice control for my hisense TV.  It really is unable to do this probably because of the hisense developed ""skill.""  It seems to work reasonably well otherwise."	3	January 12, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I got this for a satellite radio subscription but cannot listen to my satellite radio on it.  I think it's over hyped .	3	February 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Funciona adecuadamente pero tiene 2 puntos claves que debería mejorar:1. Tiene nula integración con android tv o chromecast. Creo que podrían integrarse de manera básica siendo equipos ampliamente difundidos.2. Mejorar en la fluidez de la conversación. Especialmente en el manejo de la domotica.	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Won’t stay on app says it is working but doesn’t respond to command after just a month of using it.	2	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I expected the sound quality to be better and for it to be suitable for listening to music because it looks like it’s all speaker. The sound is very flat.  It’s only suitable for listening to news and podcasts, etc, NOT for streaming music. I don’t even think the sound is stereo, and it doesn’t get very loud so you aren’t going to be able to hear it in the next room or anything. The Echo Show has better sound quality - not spectacular but better. I expected more, especially since there are other speakers in this size and price range that do sound way better.	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	As another reviewer said, this 4th gen Alexa is deaf. It often doesn’t respond or mishears what you say. Oddly enough my 3rd gen (which sat right next to the tv) worked fine even with the tv blaring.  This 4th gen mishears when the tv is off.  It also often won’t perform the function you tell it to, unlike the 3rd gen I had.  Basically this thing is overall worse than my 3rd gen. Period.ETA 8/15/22-  I was contacted by Amazon a day or so after my initial review.  The person I spoke with was very concerned and emailed me some things to try as I was not at home when she called.  Unfortunately none of these steps fixed the issues.  I honestly regret getting this 4th gen- I wish I could swap it for a 3rd gen- but since I can’t I guess I will swap it to one of the kids rooms.	1	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This device along with every alexa device I have had seems to have real bad issues with voice commands, sometimes it hears you and say okay to the command given but then does not follow through with the command, to the point where I have to tell it 5 times to turn the lights on or off. Other times there is no response at all and the device just gives me the flashing blue light. Commands also get confused, had to deal with it trying to call 911 because it thought I was in distress or something when the question it was asked was why are you creeping. As a speaker it is amazing, great sound quality, music sounds great and using it as a speaker for your tv is cool but over all the programing needs alot of work	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Pros:  Volume is decent, functions properly, looks okay.Cons:  No rechargeable battery, it must always be plugged in.  Its shape is unnecessary, I was happy with the Gen 3 hockey puck style.  The sound quality is pretty cheap, too much treble, not enough bass, (always the way cheap manufacturers go).  Buttons are cheap toy plastic, I didn't even know what they were until I read instructions that had actual pictures of what the buttons are supposed to represent.  The mesh top is fragile so scrapes, stains, pokes, anything will permanently mark it.I got my folks a Gen 3 Echo but I didn't own one, saw this was new coming out and I got it.. but I like their echo better as far as sound quality and overall production style.  I'd save ur Gen 2 or 3 and wait til Gen 5 comes out and hopefully is improved.	3	October 26, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have the previous gen and like it better. This seems about the size of a softball, so I thought the increased size would mean more powerful performance. Initially I thought that was the case, as the sound seemed to reach further through the house. Then a few hours later I noticed an occasional cracking in the sound. The speakers seem broken, like old car speakers that have reached past their limit. I can't determine if it is a speaker or connectivity issue. It is sitting right next to my router. Seems I may have been sent a defective unit. I hate sending things back, especially these days. The fabric is see through, which seems a step down from gen 3. The buttons are on top, and are made of a soft silicone, which I hope doesn't break. The light on the bottom is annoying to me, it may have benifited from a small halo on top. It is hard to tell if it is listening to you if you don't have a reflective surface for it to attach to or sit on. The voice recognition and alexa integration seem at least on par with my gen 3. I haven't noticed anything worth mentioning about that so far.-1 for sound.-1 for physical quality-1 for light placement	2	April 13, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought a couple of them for different rooms in the house. One of them stopped working in 4 months and unfortunately is out of warranty (90 days). The other one works fine and my original echo has been working well for 7 years+.Amazon customer service couldn't do much except offer 15% off on a new one, however I am not convinced on buying another one for $50+ as the production quality seems to be a bit of hit or miss.	1	October 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Have to repeat your self  not so happy with product	3	April 4, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have two 3rd Gen Dots, an Echo Show 5, and this device.  I have been impressed with the sound quality and volume on the others in their small packages and assumed this one would be an upgrade.  It is not.  The sound is clear, but it has barely any bass presence.  It just seems very soft compared to the previous model.  I'm not asking for it to rattle the windows, it is simply noticeably less full-range sounding than the Gen 3 devices.  I believe it is the front facing speaker that kills it.  Then as many others have said, with a black Dot, they should really include a black cable instead of white, the mismatch just makes it look kind of cheesy and I wish I paid $10 less for another gen 3.	3	March 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I had the older version of the Alexa dot… and she worked great! This one is a f****** psychopath.	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I love the dot, but this one was refurbished and it sometimes speaks back to be with static. :(	3	March 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like what the product is supposed to do and have been happy with previous generations of the Echo Dot. This version was installed to replace another echo dot that was having trouble with voice recognition. From the beginning this Echo Dot has had trouble as Alexa says “hearing”. At times it just gets stuck and won’t even acknowledge that I have said anything. It does work correctly most of the time but it has its flaws.	3	October 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s Hard to connectITS COSTLY 2 buy serviceIt’s NOT LOUD ENOUGHI’m returning ITHINK ITS DAMAGED	2	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sounds better than little google speaker. Alexa has bad jokes !	3	April 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have many amazon products, including multiple dots. I love the new shape of the dots, but the thing that KILLS it is the white cord that is shipped with the black/charcoal dots. Seriously, what was Amazon thinking. I have a dark entertainment center where I placed my latest dot and it's got a goofy white cord. Thank goodness I have several dots, so I was able to pull the black cord from one of those for the new one. I'm sure it saves money to have one color cord, I won't order another one if I'm going to get a white cord. The other thing I found annoying is that the echo dot cannot be mixed with the premium sound, smart home hub, which looks like a bigger echo dot, to share audio for a tv, room, etc. Why?? Other than those two annoyances, we love our echo products.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The 3rd generation is far superior to the 4th generation.  The detection stinks.  My 3rd generation which is upstairs and at least 30 feet responds more often then this 4th gen which is 3 feet away.In addition the dot is on a counter between the kitchen and den.  It is too directional to supply music to both rooms.  I'll be moving a 3rd gen back into this room and tucking the 4th gen away in a bedroom where it's directional sound and weak microphones won't matter.  Stick with the 3rd gen!!If it wasn't for the fact that I only paid $24.95 with a free smart bulb I'd send it back for a 3rd.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The gen 4 dot seems to have a well known defect issue that it cannot stay connected to the router.  It goes offline, though no issues with the other four dot devices we have, gen 2, gen 3 or echo. I did not purchase this from Amazon, my sister did, for her home.  She too has several previous versions of the dot.  She is pretty tech savvy but told me that after hours upon hours of troubleshooting, could not get this to stay online, though all of her other Alexa devices are not having this issue.  I am generally fairly tech savvy as well, so I offered to try to see if I could get it to work at my home.  After installing it, it went offline after approx 3 hours.  I was unable to get it to go back online without deregistering it and installing it again.  Within a few hours, it was offline again and once again, I could not get it online.  I ended up doing a factory reset, reinstalled it, and a couple hours later it was offline again. I tried it with the Sidewalk configuration both enabled and disabled.  After much wasted time researching, it seems to be a common issue, and with the many suggestions on how to fix it, not a one worked.  This device is junk.	1	March 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought mine in March 2021, and it just broke today. I called amazon up and the rep was like sorry you warranty expired long ago. Apparently they offer 1y warrently on the Echo but NOT on the Echo Dots, which only gets a hilarious 90d warranty. I don't think I have come across a 90d warrenty (not return period, but warranty) for any electronic devices. And who would think the warranty being different for Echo vs Echo Dots. Either way, it's my fault not reading the sneaky fine prints - i have to say it's pretty sneaky, good job there Amazon - just want to give whoever is considering this a headsup.1 extra star for the period it has served my family. It's good device made by a low company.	2	January 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	na	3	May 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Bass is non-existent, pairing with the sub takes a lot more work than it should. Integration with some devices is questionable. But it does a decent job of what it does.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It was good little interface while it lasted. Unfortunately, it quit responding to voice commands after six months. Tried all listed troubleshooting possibilities including total factory reset (several times) and even placing it adjacent to the wifi router. It would sometimes work for a couple of commands, then freeze up again. I'd hesitate to take a chance and spend money on a replacement. It's out of warranty. Don't know if a return for possible repair is even available.	2	May 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So far....fair or maybe I should just give it away to someone else with patience.	3	March 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We have two 3rd generation echo dots and we love them. Great sound quality for small speakers and they’re easily mountable and out of the way. We bought the 4th gen expecting the same great quality. It’s Awful! It hardly ever recognizes our 3-year old’s voice (the others do fine), the sound quality when playing music is markedly worse than the previous generation. When we play music to all the devices at the same time, this one sounds hollow and cheap in comparison. I have adjusted the settings, but didn’t notice much improvement. It will pick up my husband’s voice from the adjacent room while, but won’t respond when I’m sitting right next to it. This one is difficult to mount as it’s more bulky, so it almost has to sit on a shelf. Overall, I’m pretty disappointed in this dot.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was really excited when the dot came in. I have had past versions and loved them. Unfortunately, the sound on this one isn't great. It starts off well in the beginning of playing my music, and then there is a static sound that starts up.	2	July 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I purchased two. I received one.  There is no issue with the device. I contacted Amazon on an unrelated issue and asked why I was not receiving the second Dot.  The rep told me that Amazon had an issue of some kind in shipping the second device and that they could not send one unless I paid the ""retail"" price for a new order since the price I paid originally was a special price available only on Prime Day. The rep said that if I would agree to pay full price that they would send the device and that if I would call back once receiving the ""new"" order that they ""may"" be able to refund the difference in price from the original order that they failed to ship. Long story short, this is at best a Bait and Switch scam or at worst just false advertisement. (And egregiously poor customer service)."	1	August 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"After this issue persisted I was told to unplug both Alexa's then plug them back in.. and it worked for just a little bit. But for some strange and unexplained reason I will ask Alexa for something like music or a request from one Alexa only to have the other Alexa Dot in another room answer the question. This has increased my annoyance and not lessened it. I had thought getting a second one would make things better. It did not. Alexa is still deaf as a post, and I have to keep re wording my questions in a certain way or she is oblivious to what I am saying. A.I. Needs to get more advanced. Also , getting tired of being told by Alexa, ""Oh also did you know..."" ""YES Alexa, I DID know you could do that, I HAD you do that an hour ago."""	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have to constantly repeat requests, which of course is annoying.	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It’s just ok. Prefer Siri on my iPhone. But if you don’t have one, this is a good alternative.	3	March 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This product is so, so so far. Scratchy sound sometimes.  I have to repeat myself multiple times.  Doesn't sound High definition.  I don't hate it, just not crisp.	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have a Sony Bluetooth speaker, and the volume on this speaker does not compare. I need four of these to match the sound of a Sony. I also don’t like that it is corded.	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Why does Grey echo dot have a white cord???  Strange.	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Literally every question I ask or every command I give now has some fluff or suggestion mixed in with it. Hey alexa I don't need to know about your music service every time I ask you to play a song. Hey alexa I don't need you to ask me followup questions on the weather today, or any followup question for that matter. Just tell me what I want to know and shutup like you did 5 years ago. Amazon is getting to intrusive with Ads on all platforms and Alexa seems to be there next step. I would suggest going with Google home as it has to be better than this garbage.	1	September 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I got this on prime day and it was the bundle that came with the sengled bulb.Well, apparently because there have been so many truthful reviews Amazon has blocked a lot of reviews. This has been sitting in my kitchen for over a month and until today Amazon has been telling me I can’t review because I’m not a “verified purchaser.”Anyway the echo, like I said, is fine. But the sengled bulb that came with it worked a week and then gave out. I’ve tried all the troubleshooting but it’s completely dead now. Just glad I didn’t actually buy the bulb.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The latest upgrade ruined it for me.  Alexa turns lights off without being told to and turns lights on without being told to.  This Smart feature makes it unsatisfactory.	2	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Love having a 2nd Alexa, but I miss the clock our other one has.	3	March 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	No me gusta que no responde a las órdenes que se le dan en forma inmediata hay que repetir varias veces los comandos	3	February 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It's cute, but unless you are right in front of it, it won't hear us. Very disappointed in this model. We have multiple older models in the home and they pick up your voice from 2 rooms over.	2	July 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	De la nada mi Echo Dot ya no se escucha, le hablo y se ve que hace la acción de responder por el circulo azul pero no se escucha. Igual le digo que ponga una estación de musica y lo hace porque el circulo azul se enciende. He leido que varios han tenido este problema y he probado todas las soluciones, como: reestablecer los valores de fábrica, desconectarlo por 20 segundos y más (hasta días), y se que funciona porque al conectarle unos audifonos se escucha por el audifono y al desconectarlos no se escuhca por el parlante. Probe enlazarlo a un audifono bluetooth y si funciono, creo que es la misma bocina. Me pueden ayudar de alguna manera a resolverlo? Gracias de ante mano.Saludos.	3	June 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Okay, when these work. I LOVE THEM. They control everything in my home. That was UNTIL a few days ago when the connection between my echos and my homes lights was interrupted. Come to find out there is some kind of unknown error that the technical team is working on. I know it may seem trivial. But all of my lights are the multi color ones and having to turn them on manually means none of them turn on to the same shade of white. It’s kinda crap. Idk when or how they’re gonna fix it but it has been days. So. Maybe have some back up lights in your home haha	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Once you turn the volume up to about 6 or anything higher, bass cuts out and it’s all treble. My second gen dots sound way better.	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Ironically this was purchased with the intent of having better quality audio.  Was I in for a surprise!  This made me realize just how good of sound I was getting from my Echo Dot 3rd gens.  Fortunately I've only replaced one with this 4th generation version.  I will NOT be buying another until they sort out some of these issues.Audio:  Poor compared to 3rd generation, and this was advertised as an upgrade to audio.Audio Delay:  This device plays audio out of sync with the Dot 3rd gens I have when playing the 'Everywhere' group.Ring Light:  Nearly invisible compared to the 3rd generation, even worse when wall mounted.Microphone:  Miss Alexa is nearly completely DEAF in this model.  This is also made even worse when wall mounted.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am a huge echo fan. I now have four devices and love to play music throughout the house. I wanted my daughter to have a dot for her room so I decided to upgrade ours and give her the “old” gen 3. I do not feel like this was an upgrade mostly due to the sound quality. It was immediately obvious that the music sounded flat. I actually jumped on here to see if other people noticed the difference or if maybe it was just me. I have to say I agree with other reviewers and advise against thinking this is an upgrade. I do like the design and think that moving the light to the base was a nice change. It gives a pretty glow on a table surface. I don’t think I dislike it enough to return it, but would probably just have gotten a gen 3 instead.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Rooms maybe too open as the pickup  up  of messages is not good  Also competes with tv	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I haven't seen any dislikes so far I'm in love.	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Bought this as a Christmas gift and just found out that the thing never worked out of the box 🥹! The grandson that I gave it to I only see every 2 years due to the fact that his family is U S Military and I rarely know where or what I’ll get to see them!I hope that I can afford to get him another one or at least the Echo Dot!	1	October 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Nothing special	3	April 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This Alexa version talks a lot. The dot doesn’t.	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Very little difference between this and my 2nd gen which I traded in, in fact I liked the old one more	3	February 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Great product and really helpful	2	October 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this Alexa dot to replace a tower version that seemed to be going bad. I replace my router with a wifi mesh system and try out the new dot. It integrated perfectly and seemed to operate the same except for the sound. I have two older dots that are rich and full when you are listening to music. This one doesn't have that same tone. Very hollow and I just didn't like it. I returned it and plugged in the old tower version. It worked great with the new wifi and the difference was very noticeable.Might just be me but don't waste the money on this cheaper dot version and go for the step up. If my tower had truly been lost I would have exchanged this dot for the more expensive model.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	don’t know how to set time or even if i have 8 dots that don’t have that option!!,,	3	February 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	She just drones on and on.  You tell her to stop or be quiet or shut up and she still keeps talking acknowledging that you told her to STFU!  And then she gives MARKETING NOTIFICATIONS telling you that you might need to re-order something.  No....  NO!  Google doesn't pull this kind of crap.  I like my Google play so much better.	2	June 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Originally I gave this Echo Dot (4th Gen)  a 1 star review.  Amazon contacted me and sent me a replacement.  After receiving the replacement, I still don't think the sound quality is great.  The music doesn't have a ""full"" sound.  The vocals are crisp and clear but the actual music and bass is really lacking.  I set up the 4th Gen side by side with the 3rd Gen and took turns playing the same song on each device.  Each time my husband and kids were easily able to tell which device was which and all said the 3rd Gen sounded better.  I improved my review to 3 stars because after playing with the settings, I thought it was better but still wasn't as good as the 3rd Gen Echo Dot."	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered two of these for myself for Christmas. Both were easy to setup but after two days one refused to connect to the internet. Factory reset and did all suggestions from Amazon and the internet and could never get it reconnected so back it went. I have had every echo device since the original and this is a slight step up from the last version as far as sound quality. Hope my replacement continues to work better than the one I returned. One thing I forgot to mention that is a real disappointment is it doesn't hear nearly as well as previous versions. Sometimes I almost have to yell at it for it to respond and I am not the only one with this problem. I would return but both of them came with a smart bulb at a great price. .	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Lights.	2	October 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	using primarily for selecting programming on Fire TV.Quite easy to configure. BUT it 'just does not do it'.Sometimes I must be 1ft away for it to hear command.Not recommended. Use 3rd gen Dot.	3	December 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It doesn't hear me as well as my old dot.	2	September 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Same thing as all the others.	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not worth the extra money. Stay with 3d Gen.	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I love the echo and all it has to offer. However, I ordered the battery base with it and can't use it for anything other than a stand for the echo.  The second power prong is not centered do you can't attach it to the base.  I returned the first one only to get a replacement with the same issue.	3	October 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I use the product for music while working.	3	April 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I don’t like that it’s not that loud at all.	3	March 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My daughter received this as a gift from her grandmother. It’s a great little device just wish that you could not have ALL devices on account play announcements. We have a family account and have my mother in law attached to our account and when I send announcements to my daughter my mother in law gets them also. We separated the account to not share purchases and information but this is still connected. VERY FRUSTRATING and makes me want to return our device.	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The voice recognition gets stuff we say wrong all the time, or doesn't hear us. We have to talk loud and clear at it, and even then.We mainly use it for music. Lots of music is behind a separate paywall; even though I already have Amazon Prime, it wants us to pay for Amazon Music. And while she's telling you about the paywall, you have to tell Alexa to stop talking twice: once to stop giving you the ad, and another to stop her from starting to play a radio station based on the song she wouldn't let you listen to.I don't understand why amazon wants me to rate ""Alexa Integration?"" Like, this IS Alexa, it's not different from Alexa? Wtf?EDIT 4/11Removed a star. The skills are stupid. You think about your response for a few seconds and it will close the skill or game you're playing. Sometimes it will hear you incorrectly and stop the game because of that. It doesn't make any sense.Sometimes it will suggest a skill that requires a peripheral you don't have, like the Echo Button? Wtf even is that?Using Alexa is truly a terrible and hair-pulling experience. Voice control is not the future."	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Does not play YouTube accounts.	3	April 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Worked Fine for awhile, quit responding after being reset several times, had to go back to my old reliable Ecco Dot!!!	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have mostly had good luck with amazon products.  I have several but this one (Amazon Echo) was evidently a dud.  I tried several times in different areas of my home but could not get it to work correctly.  My wi-fi was working so no problem with that.  The orange light either stayed on or didn't come on at all so I couldn't program it.  Anyway, I just think it was just a fluke... sometimes you get products that don't work properly.  I am returning to get a refund.  I do like Amazon products though and I order quite often.	2	March 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound is not really good and a lot of time Alexa doesn't understand what we are saying. Also, I thought it was battery rechargeable operated.	3	January 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Really enjoyed the Echo; however, it died 2 month after warranty window ended.	3	March 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have mixed feelings about this device. It is not the speaker for music. If that was on your list, drop it. An AM transistor radio sounds better. It is not as easy to set up tasks as I would like it. It is very fineky. It does respond quickly. The reason for a 3 is not because of these. I rated a 3 because of the extended warranty. Both the Dot and warranty were purchased at the same time. I would have thought I would have received the warranty information first. It’s been a month! I’m still receiving messages it is on the way. How does that even make sense?	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Was hoping for an ultimate AI experience...:)	3	March 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	This product is honestly a waste of money. Definitely not worth $50. I got it on a promotion so I’ll be keeping it but I ordered my first echo dot 4th gen weeks ago and I was skeptical about the sound quality after reading several reviews, when I received it, the sound quality was actually pretty ok, good bass for a small speaker and all. I decided to order a second one and that’s when it got ugly. I received my second echo, different color, and the sound quality was crap, super muted, no bass, almost like an old radio. I contacted Amazon and they agreed to refund me and run the same promo so I could reorder in a different color—I thought that might’ve been the issue— this time I ordered the same color as the first echo I got, I compared serial numbers and all and they both come from the same “batch”, but this second one I got doesn’t match the sound quality of the first one. It does sound better than the one I returned but still. I guess it’s a gamble if you decided to order one. You may get lucky with the sound quality or not, but it says a lot about the cheap quality control Amazon has for this product. Pretty disappointing.	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	i have a love hate relationship with this thing. when it works, its awesome, but when it doesn't boy do i want to through it away. it can be very convenient when it decides to listen to you. there's been a few times where it starts talking without me prompting it... which gives me the creeps. this one replaced my old that was having the same issues but i am definitely regretting it since there is no improvement on the issue from amazon.	1	October 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Great sound and does everything you expect from an Amazon branded Alexa device... but then there's the power cord which ruins any chance for it to not be noticed in your home.  A black speaker should not have a thick white wire hanging out the back and the part that plugs in to the wall or power strip is 4x the size of a modern USB adapter... WTF!?!  On top of that, it's not a universal type connection so you cant replace it.  My gen 2 Dots have black power wires and universal USB connections.  Somebody at Amazon made the conscious decision to make this one worse than before.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Still new	2	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Device doesn't understand what I say.  Volume could be louder for hearing impaired.	2	September 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It sounds flat, flat is boring. It needs to sound livelier	3	March 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Im having the hardest time get my alexa show and dot to integrate. The Dot does not seem to want to recognize that i already have anactive account.	2	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not as smart as I would like	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not as loud as my old Echo… Not as responsive to voice commands either. It was a great deal though for the price.	2	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Have yet to figure out why but, this device keeps turning its output volume DOWN without it being touched. I will tell it to go to level 8 to 10 but, by the next day, it has reverted to about 3. Can't seem to find out why it does that. Otherwise, it is a good product. I would likely recommend the device with the clock on it, instead.	3	September 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Can only ask bout the weather so many times a day.  Have not found many real particle uses as of yet.	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Like everything else Amazon, this has gone from best in class to low class trash. I have nearly a dozen echos, dots, shows, etc. Have loved them all until recently. Now I am absolutely ready to trash every one of them. I don't need suggestions and advertisements every time I turn on a check the weather, check my calendar, add to my lists, or turn on a flipping light!!! I am very easy going. You want analytics? Fine. You can collect all my usage info. If recording me in the bathroom will make Alexa better then hear me roar. I get that these things have a lot of back-end costs for the servers, constant development, etc. I don't mind paying a reasonable subscription to pay for the service. What I will NOT stand for is to be force-fed all these suggestions and ads every time I interact with Alexa. Turn it off or I am done with it.	1	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We have the original tall Echo and a dot. This dot, which I purchased for better audio output, often does not respond or responds incorrectly (such as playing the wrong radio station or incorrect music). Because we have to raise our voice to get Alexa’s attention, the dot 2 rooms away will respond while our new dot still doesn’t hear us. We are very happy with our older versions, this one is not up to standard. We thought there might be a learning curve and missed the return date.	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This makes the 5th echo dot I have in my house and the first 4th gen (others are 3rd gen). It performs ok but to me, I prefer my 3rd gen dots.A few reasons why...The first reason is the power chord. I was surprised Amazon would match a tan power chord with a charcoal colored unit. To me, it draws attention to the device but in a negative way.The second reason is the sound volume. It seems that I have to turn the volume to a much higher setting to get to the same level as my 3rd gens.Lastly, the voice recognition does not appear to function as well either.All in all, it is ok. I may return it and go with another 3rd gen.	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I was expecting more of an improvement over the numerous 3ed gen dots I have. My main issue is it is slow to respond and is often confused. I have some Google mini's in other rooms on the same WI FI and they are much faster and compliant. It also has a difficult time hearing me. I have to be right on top of it. But that was the same with the 3rd Gen it replaced. I have it connected with 3.5 cable to a speaker system so I can't comment on its internal speakers, but the music sounds ""muddier"" to me compared to the 3ed gen it replaced, which was connected to the same speakers. The Amazon Music also cuts out a lot more .. 2 songs then stops sometimes.  Seems like a step backwards. But it is round ... so there is that!"	3	November 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have a bunch of different echos throughout my house and do enjoy them. This one in particular picked up on prime day I’m disappointed in. I received the charcoal one as ordered but it comes with a white power cord.	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Every request fulfilled by this horrible box comes with an added request from the box.What's the weather?It's 65 degress outside.  *Do you also want to know the humidity?*What time is it?It's 9 am.  *By the way, I can also set timers and alarms.  Would you like to try that now?*Every.  Single. Request. Comes with an additional comment, question or suggestion.  I can't get this thing to do what it used to do when I bought it... Answer simple questions without adding interruptions.  I now own an obnoxious paperweight.Do not buy any Amazon product.  There are always strings attached.	1	September 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I moved and it won't recognize my new location.	3	March 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	its ok dont need or use much	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I think they were selling broken ones for the discount because mine constantly turns on and off on its own and she doesn’t listen to me	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound quality is pretty poor.	2	September 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have several of these.  Unfortunately, this particular unit has a bad speaker, very poor sound quality.	2	August 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So, i don’t use this for music...i suppose if you want deep bass and a true speaker, buy a Sonos with Alexa. I mean it’s a dot, to play some music in your office or bathroom or bedroom in the background. I upgraded from the third gen. to this one. Color is more cream/grayish than white. Sound quality is terrible though, i do agree; it’s clear, but even after adjusted in the app, still tin like. This is a basic echo dot, not the “echo premium” one they sell for more, which looks the same, yet has different speaker parts.  Mic isn’t as great as the third. I have to yell at it to turn my lights on and off or do anything. Ehh, for $30, it’s just of turning my hue lights on and off; that’s if it’s responsive...	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"I have echo dots grouped throughout my home for listening to music, making announcements, finding my grandson, etc.It's wonderful when everything's working.The closest echo Dot doesn't always respond, often it is one from across the room.Sometimes none of them respond, and when using as an alarm clock to wake in the morning sometimes I cannot shut it off. It responds to its wake up word, but does not follow any of the commands which leads to me cursing at it and sometimes unplugging it to get it to stop.Starting the morning enraged doesn't make for a good day.I love that I can ask it specific questions about the weather and not have to receive the entire weather report just to find the temperature or if it's going to rain.I also enjoy the AI conversation mode. It can be rather entertaining.Another nice feature is the ability for my grandson to make an announcement if I've overslept. A rooster crows and then I hear his voice telling me to get up.Have Rick rolled him numerous times when his friends have been over and James Brown's ""I Feel Good"" still rattles him when I play it at full volume randomly.It's a great tool, I just wish I knew how to fine tune it a bit. But at this point in my life, I don't have the time to look up what I need to do in order to make that happen. Not laziness, I just don't have a free minute in a day anymore."	1	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Don't know it was free don't trust it	3	March 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Have to repeat myself all the time. Doesn’t wake up when you call her name or acknowledge a command.	3	February 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I use Alexa for a security system.  Connecting with premium MyBuddy gives me access to 911 if I cannot use my phone.  Past that it's just a toy.  Music selection is poor and much of the music I ask for cannot be shuffled.  I'm tired of listen to music in the same order each time.  It replaces an ""around the neck"" security system and saves me money on an annual basis and that's what I wanted it to do.  Past that it is not of much use."	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Amazon said it was probably the software and there was nothing they could do and should just buy new mones.I disconnected them and put the echos back that I had replaced with the two dots.I won't buy alexas again. No reason for them to stop working due to software or even a hardware issue after a year. I have have these echos for years and years and they still work fine. I just replaced the because I wanted to upgrade or so I thought.	2	April 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Got this for getting xm radio. Sound is good, the main bad thing it didn't want to connect to any Bluetooth. Also unable to connect to app I could not play music to all devices. Was, is a little frustrating.	2	July 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"When I ordered the fourth generation of the Echo Dot, I thought I'd be getting a better piece of kit.  As it turns out, it seems to be a downgrade in terms of sound quality.  Granted the older Echo Dots weren't great in regard to sound quality, but part of the reason I bought a new fourth gen Dot was to get better sound quality.  That was NOT the case.  The new speaker sounds terrible, even after adjusting the audio settings in the app.  There is no bass at all in the new speakers, the music sounds significantly ""tinny"", even with adjusting the bass as much as possible.  If you're looking for better sound, do yourself a favor and by the regular Echo, or by an Alexa enabled after market speaker, you'll be much happier."	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this 4th gen thinking that with the body size and style that the sound quality would be better than the previous gen 3.  I was very wrong.  Gen 3 echo dot has much better sound quality than the 4th gen. There seems to be little to no lows and very tingy treble and sounds more like a gen 1 dot.  If you are concerned with sound quality stick to the gen 3s.  Also the control buttons are sloped towards the back which is awkward and I received a white power cord with with a charcoal unit. If anyone is considering upgrading from a 3rd gen to a 4th gen they should consider sticking with the gen 3 else they would just be downgrading.  4th gen dot 👎FAIL.  Shame on Amazon for pushing out garbage.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We have had this for a year and have had continual problems with the device connecting to Alexa. It regularly needs unplugged and reset. We have no problems with our cheaper echo dot. Frustrating that the higher priced item doesn’t work as well.	3	November 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I asked you a question and it tells me the wrong thing other than that the speaker sounds amazing for a small speaker	3	January 21, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I never ordered it, but I know it works well	2	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa is not very smart.  You must download the Amazon appstore app, then Alexa app/s.  Then hope for the best.  If you make a mistake and ask Alexa for help, she/you struggle for an answer.  Therein lies the weakness.Sometimes I wonder if Amazon is trying to avoid help to circumnavigate any non-Amazon.com sites and web browsers including downloads.Although they allow Microsoft 365, it is very limited.  No foreign cloud storage is allowed, including Google/Android, Adobe, Mozilla, One-Drive, for connections to existing data.Come on Amazon, don't try to be 100% unique.  The same is true of Fire TV products.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	been using this for a while, but may be defective... the audio crackles quite a bit when playing music and other functions.	2	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The older flat Echo Dot worked (slightly) better for me.	2	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not enough bass or volume.  Bit works ok when hooked up to a system	3	February 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Listening to music - volume seems to vary.  If it starts out loud it softens without asking Alexa to turn the volume down	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Unfortunately, I bought this echo to use at work.  However, I was unaware that every echo device has to play the same music simultaneously ! I hooked it up (with ease mind you) at my office. But as soon as my husband turns on the echo at home, it boots me out of my playlist at the office. I am so frustrated.  In checking various blogs and videos it appears that people have complained about this for awhile to Amazon to no avail.  Most likely, this will get sent back. I already have 3 in my home. I don't need another one at the office to mirror what my husband may be listening to at the house.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I find our Alexa frustrating especially in regards to music. If you do not pay the additional price for the music subscription (which I didn’t realize was an ADDITIONAL price on top of paying for prime) then having her play the music you want is impossible and she will just stop playing after 3-4 songs….	3	October 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Doesn’t listen when I give commands to stop or whatever. Got a few hiccups that need to be looked at in the software update	2	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	CANNOT WAIT TO SET UP. THANK YOU	3	March 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I purchased the generation 4 Echo dot as a replacement for a 3rd generation that was no longer working.  The speaker may be a bit better than the 3rd generation and I like that the on/off and volume adjustments are raised so that you can make adjustments without a light.  I did prefer the size of the 3rd generation and do not find the size/shape of this one esthetically pleasing.	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have 5 different Echos. While setup is easy and went well, the sound quality is by far the worse of all my Echos. Good thing it was on sale during Prime days 😢	2	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have several dots, but decided to go up s generation. Nice little unit, it just kept dropping my WiFi. It was still under warranty so that's a plus.	2	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Thought it would be an upgrade from my first gen puck echo, but sound quality leaves little to desire, it’s not bad if you keep it at 50% but anything over and it sounds distorted.	2	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My boss has one at work and I love it. So I was excited to buy myself one on prime days. Mine doesn't stay connected to the internet and is less that 25 ft from my modem and router. I believe mine is faulty and I do not use it enough for me to have realized it on time. All it does is piss me off instead of making things easier.	1	October 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This speaker is awful. Non stop ads and unnecessary suggestions from Alexa. And the one reason I bought it was to listen to music, which no longer allows you to pick the song and constantly asks you to spend more money and purchase Amazon Music. Wish I got the Google product instead, which does let you listen to music.	1	November 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Waste of money. I was going to get a new dot regardless, and decided to just upgrade and get this new one instead of the 3rd gen like the others in my house. This does absolutely nothing different than my other dots. Oh wait. It is different. It’s WORSE. The voice recognition is terrible ! When in the same exact room as it my dots in other rooms picked up my voice but this one did not. Like... how? As for sound quality, it is again worse than even my 2nd gen echo. What is the point of paying more for this thing? And perhaps the most annoying part of this stupid thing is that is comes with a WHITE cord. So basically this black echo on my black entertainment center is a total eyesore with this white cord. I do see now in the description it says it comes with a white cord so I guess I should have read before buying?? But come on. I’ve had several dots over the years and have always been happy with them. This is the first time I’m actively disappointed and mad at one. I will be returning. It’s not even about the money at this point. I just don’t want this stupid thing in my house.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Dot	They're ok, but I'm upgrading to Sonos.  Decent if you have a small place and are concerned about being considerate towards your neighbors.	3	January 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I mostly use this to play my music. It's about accurate 50% of the time. It will sometimes just stop on it's own or not be able to find music that it should.	3	December 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this 4th gen echo dot on sale thinking that the sound quality was supposed to be better then the 3rd gen dots. I own 5 3rd gen dots and love them. Sound quality is good, however with age, voice recognition is declining. I assume it is the updates Amazon is pushing automatically so that you want to upgrade. The sound quality of the 4th gen dots is awful. I set it up and opened my favorite radio station and was very disappointed with the poor sound quality. Even bluetooth connection sound was awful. I should have read the reviews before buying.  This dot will be going back!	3	June 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I am a real owner and user of this product. We have owned a 1st generation echo for at least a few years now. It worked great except the speaker on it wasn't that great. My son decided to purchase this 4th gen echo dot for xmas. I have to say, I'm a little disappointed in the microphone on this thing. I feel like I have to say ""Alex"" a couple of times, most times, to get it to respond. The old dot we never had to do that. Not sure if they are using cheaper mics? Anyway, the speaker IS better, but not that much better than the original. I does have a little bit more base. Again, not that much more.  That being said, I still use this thing to play music everyday."	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	After purchasing my Echo Dot Gen 3, I was hooked on smart home automation. I connected smart switches, bulbs, outlets, apps, etc. So when the Gen 4 went on sale of course I bought one for each room. However, after using them for 6 months, I can honestly say I like the Gen 3 better. The sound and voice recognition are better in the Gen 3. Gen 4 still works well, but just NOT AS WELL.	3	September 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Proprietary power cord is far too short. Not intuitive in connection to internet. That said, it sounds good.	3	February 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Ok, so there's no clock. I thought this model had a clock. Nope. Other than the design, there's not much difference from the previous model. Kind of disappointed.	3	December 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’m a previous user of the Google Nest Mini and was hoping the Echo Dot would be an upgrade, but I was very wrong. This thing is so inconsistent I almost wanna smash it against the wall sometimes. Sometimes it will hear me, but most times it won’t, even if I yell at it. As others complained, it will hear you from afar, but not up close, it’s nonsensical. I paired a Sengled lightbulb with it and what a nightmare. All this thing can do with the bulb is turn it on/off only 50% of the time. The other 50% she will either not hear me or she will say “okay” but do nothing. Forget trying to ask her to change the light a specific color, you’ll get something you didn’t ask for. In general, there seems to be a lot of questions and commands she does not comprehend. Google nest mini is far more superior and will go back to using it full time. I give this 2 stars for music quality only. I would return it, but I’ll just use it only as a speaker instead.	2	July 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The Other version is better	3	March 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The Dot is 4&1/2 stars. The Alexa  app not even a 1 star. After two months of dealing with this app I'm ready to start chewing on the furniture and barking at the mailman. 30 minutes of trying to get a song played and being told No you need to subscribe, I try to Buy the song and Alexa plays the song without being bought or being subscribed. ...Eye develops a twitch and I have the urge to chase cars and mark trees. I hate Alexa with every fiber of my being. That said I own two and am buying a third..	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"good for simple questions  and as a ""reminder""--can not answer complex multi part questions"	3	February 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I purchased a new Denon receiver from Amazon:Denon AVR-X2700H 8K Ultra HD 7.2 ChannelAnd then a new Echo Dot Gen 4. The goal was to add the Dot to my Alexa app to allow me to stream music to all echo devices and connect the Dot to the Denon receiver via an RCA cable to allow the receiver speakers to be used which is what Denon/Amazon states is possible.I purchased, per Amazon's recommended cable, the below.Monoprice 6ft Premium 3.5mm Stereo Male to 2RCA Male 22AWG Cable (Gold Plated) - BlackFollowing the instructions from Denon/Amazon/Google, they all seemed to state just connect the RCA end of the cable to any free RCA ports on the back of the receiver, preferably Aux. No sound comes out of the speakers when doing so. Music streaming is just fine to the Dot, however, no sound when connecting the Dot to the receiver. I worked with a so-called Denon tech via chat yesterday for over an hour trying to get this to work with no luck. We turned everything off/on no luck. We swapped the RCA connectors from AUX, to CD to Tv/Cblto DVD, and no luck. The Denon tech finally stated he had no idea and suggested I google how to connect a dot to a Denon receiver...ugh...	1	February 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Works fine for voice recognition and all the tricks and fun stuff Alexa does but sounds quality on this version, at least the one I got, was FAR inferior to the 3rd Gen Echo Dot. Sounds scratchy, ""hazy"", and not the least bit crisp and clear like the 3rd Gen Echo Dots do. I tried listening to Alexa talk on different apps, playing music, and fiddling with the equalizer and it was just inherently the poor sound quality I couldn't get past. I returned this and just went back to the 3rd Gen Echo Dot again. It's a shame because I like the design and wanted to support the eco friendly model but I can't recommend this 4th Gen version."	3	May 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Si eres de Latinoamérica no compres esto que nadamás te va a servir para que te dé la hora porque ningún app se puede vincular, esto está fabricado solo para EE. UU.	2	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I was replacing the original echo dot I had.  While the audio quality is definitely better, and it seems like it can play louder, on this one, the voice recognition is not as good. I find I have to say ""alexa"" at least twice for her to start listening to me. The Echo Dot is on the table right next to my bed, and yet it still has trouble hearing me, or understanding me, when I’m right next to it. I didn’t have this problem on my old one."	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Will not connect to phone properly to answer calls and basically feel like I need to scream at it for it to understand a command	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Las características que lo diferencia de su competencia no están disponibles fuera de Estados Unidos, como Guard y servicios de ubicación	3	January 20, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It failed and could not connect to the internet for a day or so.. but it recovered	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	All around good, struggles with waking up vs other gens and models I have	2	August 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I’ve had a 3rd gen dot for a few years now.  And it’s awesome!  It got wet and had to be replaced so I went for the newer model hoping for upgrades! At the very least the same thing in a different look.  The sound quality is so bad.  My roommates first gen dots sound better.  I’m going to return for another 3rd gen.  Not worth it at all.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So I have this one set up in living room and I can stand in front of it and tell it something and the one in my room responds. It hardly recognizes my voice and I'm the one to set it up. Most time she doesn't know or plays and and answers completely different from what specified. Sometimes I also ask for a song and she says Idk that one, but plays it in the artist play list and if I ask what's the song called and it's the same song I ask her to play in the beginning. Well at the end of the day she is a big help, shes just like one of my kids. Doesn't have all the answers and doesn't listen lol.	3	February 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Fortunately, the one I've gotten was through a perk system in my workplace and I didn't pay a cent to get it.This is horrible. I've got a 2nd generation echo that has been dropped onto pavement ground several times between moves over the course of a few years, and even that has better hearing than this one does.THIS one takes about 40 minutes of repeatedly putting in the same wifi password before it decides to connect. I checked the wifi settings on my router directly, confirmed the password, and even went as far as a factory reset or two on the router. It just connects when it feels like it.It worked great for a day or so and ignored about 20% of what I'd say, but it's a machine and makes mistakes, and my old echo has about the same rate of success. No big deal.Two days later, it interprets ""volume 3"" as ""turn it all the way up"" and ""my restaurant vibes playlist"" as ""random heavy metal station"". I love metal, but that's not even related to what I said. There isn't even any way to mistake that terminology with a deaf person over the phone.I have absolutely nothing positive to say about this. It is utter garbage, and like I said before, I'm glad I got mine for free. The wrapper on a candy bar costs just as much and is an equal loss to throw away."	1	November 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It was a good deal, but I gave it away to the kid next door because the sound quality was unacceptable.	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Gotta say im disappointed.  The alexa app made me download the c by ge app and add them all there which caused a software update to all my lights which in turn caused them to all become bluetooth only so now i need to buy a ge smart light bridge.  I was using them on wifi just fine with my google nest mini  but now with the software update, i cant switch back.  so on top of the cost of my new echo dot units, now i have to purchase 3 or 4 c by ge wifi bridges.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition seems on par with the third gen Dot (slight improvement over first and second gen).Sound quality is maybe a very slight improvement over the previous version.The light ring moved to the bottom of the device is a nice touch.The white power cord and large white power supply with the dark device looks cheap and tacky.I’d say it’s a worthy upgrade for a first or second gen Dot but just not quite a worthy replacement for the third gen.On a more subjective note, I preferred the look/size of the previous versions and in my opinion the third gen is still the best Dot.	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am usually one of the 1st people to want an electronic.  I love electronics.  But to be honest I have not wanted much to do with Alexa but according to this seller on Amazon I needed this echo dot to go with a room vacuum that I wanted to purchase and it didn’t give me much choice on that so I made the order which included the vacuum and the echo dot.  The vacuum is the only thing in my home that the echo dot connects to.  It connected with my roku tv at 1st but at some point it lost that connection and will not reconnect with it now.  The only other thing that I could think of that might make it useful is the music & setting up a chore schedule/reminder.  Oh my gosh what a pain.  I worked several hours on it today and still did not get it to work.  I got some added but then can’t find it now to go back in and modify so I don’t even know if it saved what I worked on.  I had a list and wanted to put them in a specific order but couldn’t find anywhere that it would allow me to do so.  This is the most unuser friendly device that I have run into in a long time.  And not just all of that but this vacuum had it’s own app that still allowed me to schedule cleaning and would work fine without this echo dot.  What a jip.	1	May 31, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It worked decently while it worked. However, after about six months I noticed that I had to speak louder for it to respond. It went from me having to speak louder to Alexa not responding at all. I’m not sure if any other customers are having this issue but unless there is a new or upgraded model I will not buy another one. I didn’t get a warranty so basically it was a waste of money.	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’m not sure voice recognition is better than 3rd gen. My experience so far is not great, I have to repeat a lot more times.	2	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this Echo dot to upgrade from one I have in the garage.  Apparently the recognition of WIFI on this 4th Gen Echo Dot is less distance than my original Dot.  My old Dot pairs right away and effortlessly.  This new one will not connect unless its within 10 feet on my router.  I definitely would not recommend or want to purchase this again.	2	May 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don’t like the fact that the echo dot acts like it never hear me	3	February 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	80% of the time she doesn’t answer when you try to activate, 90% she doesn’t understand me , tried adjusting the setting and didn’t really make a difference my 1st gen works the best but it’s also doesn’t have the greatest speaker	3	November 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's definitely faster at reacting then Gen 1, but also definitely bulkier.  I can't say the sound quality is much better than prior gens, I was hoping since it's significantly bigger it would sound a lot better, and maybe it's a little better, but it's not a huge improvement.  I feel like I should have gotten the one with the clock when it was on sale, but I also wish they would just include the clocks on all of them and a switch to turn the clock on/off, charging extra for the clock just seems wrong to me...  But I get it, they basically get a bunch of extra money for a tiny feature.	3	May 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We have a few of the older generation echo dots. The sound quality on the new version is inferior. We played the same song, in the same space, with the same equalizer settings, and it just sounds tinny. I put it on my home office desk thinking it would be nice to have music at different points during the workday. It left a horrible ring on the desk, even though the bottom seems to be padded. Guess I should have put a coaster underneath.	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have two 3rd generation echo dots. And, I love them! So, w amazon prime days I bought this 4th generation. I don’t like it. I set it up exactly how I’m supposed to, but for some reason it doesn’t respond to commands as it should. I thought that maybe there was something wrong w the unit. So I can changed it for another one. Nope. Same issues. So I returned that one too. I’ll get another 3rd Gen instead.I do like the “play music everywhere” feature though.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's echo so I already love it, Alexa hears you better than ever and responds very quickly. The sound quality though...awful. My echo dot 3rd gen sounds way better and clearer than my new echo dot 4th gen. It was very frustrating to open the package and turn it on, only to be more impressed with the sound quality of an older gen. I hope in the future this gets fixed. Many others have had the same experience when only purchasing the standard black echo dot 4. If you want to use it as a speaker for music and less as a voice assistant etc, I do not recommend purchasing. If you use it for anything else it's a great buy, especially since Alexa can pick up on your voice so much better than before.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Have to be Precise at what you want or else it takes you off and some other area	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Well, this was a disappointment. The previous echo dot is actually better. Sound quality on this one is horrible. Wifi range is also poor. (All compared to the 3rd gen Echo Dot, which I sent one back to replace with the 4th gen, kept 1 3rd gen though) This will definitely do for a child though. So it's not quite as bad as a 1 star item. You can still use it to drop in and talk to your child or family in another room so no one has to scream across the house or apartment lol. But if you enjoy relaxing and listening to some music while in bed, it lacks in the sound department. The 3rd gen for some reason sounds so much clearer and believe it or not 3rd gen has decent bass.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I like my new Echo Dot. The only thing I do not like is the Amazon Alexa App. You can play music through the app, like with Spotify, Pandora, etc., but every. single. time I try to play music through my Echo dot, even with my iPhone or Apple Watch, the sync between the devices is poor. I try to skip or pause songs on my phone, but they won’t register with the Echo Dot... it may not work at all, or take several seconds for the Echo to skip or pause my song... same thing with the volume. I’ll try to turn down the music with my phone, but the Echo Dot won’t turn down the music volume playing from it. Anyone else have these issues? Or is it just me?	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa more glitchy and tempermental than GA...	3	March 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	My kid had in her room and after about a year it just makes cracklings sounds now. Sad	3	January 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The device has difficulty recognizing the question asked. Maybe it’s an accent issue.Also tv or radio will activate the device!	2	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound quality is not as good as the 3rd gen Echo dot. Also I cannot get my Apple Music to link - it keeps saying I need a subscription, which I have.	2	July 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The response is not good at all. I have to keep asking over and over. Disappointed	3	January 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Sound	3	April 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Half the time I’m yelling at it so it will hear me. With this new design it’s hard to tell what the volume is or if it heard you compared to previous generations since the light ring is on the bottom and obstructed. Alexa in general doesn’t know half the questions I ask it, you’d think it would google the answers for you but I get “I’m sorry I don’t know that one” way too often.Got it in Prime day so $25 for it is not a bad price. Just wish it performed better	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When I received my Echo Dot 4th Generation I got it set up and it worked for 2 days, then the Dot stopped out put sound. It could hear me, but I could not hear it. I did all the customer team told me to do in an email. Then I called the number for customer service, the person tried by remote to fix the problem, still nothing. So, now I have to send it back and get a replacement. Would have loved to give it 5 stars, since for 2 days it worked well, voice was crisp and clear. It took commands, but stopped outputting sound after 2 day. I hope the replacement works better.	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Only had it a week or so but if you don’t write something Amazon hounds you daily till you doI like the RoundnessWas easy to inter grate into the web i already had in place - actually replaced an earlier versionSpeaker good not the best but nit bad( out of all the echos the first had the best speaker of them all )Got a bulb and this controls it so a bonus on that - easy to set up and has worked - knocking on wood - with out issues since set upGot it at a great price so pleased so farThe programs can’t do their job so “features” come and go with no rhyme or reasonAt the price I got this one I’d get others	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Overall a nice device but not too keen on some of the updates. While the sound is a bit nicer, the fact that the speakers are at an angle instead of the way they were in previous Dots means your sound is no longer omnidirectional, so positioning is a concern. The light on the bottom is nice, but the white cord with the black Dot is a serious deal breaker. I got the black so it would be unobtrusive on a darker piece of furniture. Now that cord stands out like a sore thumb. It was the same issue when the White Dot (Second Gen) was coming with a black cord and I ended up returning that one. We’ll give it a couple of weeks and see if it grows on me.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This device seems to respond quicker than my gen 3 echo dots. However, the sound quality is abysmal. I really don't understand why they would even sell this product with this level of sound quality. It's really, really bad.Forget playing music on it. Even Alexa's voice responses sound hollow and low quality.*update*I've used the Alexa app to adjust the bass, mid and treble. This seems to have greatly improved the sound. Out of the box, the sound wasn't great but it can be adjusted to sound okay. Not sure if it is still on the level as the gen 3 but the voice command responsiveness is much quicker giving it the edge.	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"If this item was not on sale; I would have returned it. Alexa ""Is Not As Smart"" as you would think.She doesn't even wait for you to finish talking before she interrupts.( Typical Female )...LOL...LOL...LOL...JUST TEASING LADIES... Think twice about making this purchase."	2	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Honestly the mic is not as sensitive as my first generation echo dot. Sometimes I get frustrated trying to activate this dot to give it instructions that I just call the dot in the next room to do stuff for me like turn off the lights where I’m currently at. My first gen dot in my bedroom can hear me in my living room at a normal voice and responds accurately.	3	August 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I did like it but it's wireless data usage is ridiculous. Wish I could return it but I cannot find a way this sux.	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I have on older Echo Dot that didn't require a smart phone to set up and there is no problem with that Alexa device.  But this new 4th generation Echo sphere that requires a phone App (which shouldn't be a requirement) doesn't work right.Everything that can be turned off in the App is turned off and Alexa still stores announcements and makes ""suggestions"" (i.e. ads) as seen by the circling yellow light.What's this about?  Can't Amazon afford to hire a real programmer to write and test code before releasing it on the public?"	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	You guyssssssss. I have multiple 3rd gen echo dots. I bought this to replace one that we’ve had for two years outside by the fire pit. We’ve accidentally left it in ALL weather conditions many times lol. It finally crapped the bed last month. Although it’s death was inevitably expected, we always joked it was indestructible. I chose this 4th gen assuming it’d be nicer than the 3rd gen, while I think it’s cute it isn’t as loud as the older one, which is surprising considering it’s literally all speaker. I’ll def be keeping this indoors & moving one of our 3rd gens outside for parties, as this one is not as loud and def doesn’t seem as durable.	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is difficult to get it to stay “setup”.  Echo Dot worked fine for one or two days, third day it would respond, fourth day I pushed a couple places on the top, and it wants to be set up again! Our adult children got three of them for us. The third dot doesn’t ever full setup! I haven’t spent the time to call the help phone number yet, but will. With this Alexa, sometimes the lights are on, but no one is home!	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	name change, and working alone, the bedroom always talks, not this one at all	3	February 9, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Let me preface by saying that obviously Echo Dot devices are clearly not the gold standard in home speakers but...we play music on our Gen3 a lot. This gen 4 sphere sounds hollow, like the music is coming through a can. Despite having what is listed as the same speaker as the Gen3 it does not sound as good as Gen3 at all. I dont know if the fact that the speaker is front facing has anything to do with this. I had the first one replaced thinking maybe it was defective. Nope. I adjusted the EQ, placed it on different surfaces, it just doesnt sound as good as Gen3. I may try the larger sphere if it goes back on sale but for now im happy in last Gen.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This was an upgrade from the echo dot 3rd gen. The size difference was a bit of an off thing but lived with it as it just looks like a decor. The voice recognition is a tad bit better in noisy environments but still has the same issues as the last gen. To me it seems like a small upgrade in a different body(bigger size). I wish I got the clock version because at least it would be a nice clock to go in the room as well!	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like spheres, found it smaller than expected, color is too bland and dull, and I felt that putting it in my oatmeal box was the only way I prefer the sound!I still love the hockey puck design and sound, as well the ability to place it in certain areas.Only preference here is that it matches my sky blue accessories 💙 of my decor.I'd prefer a much shinier blue or a clear bottom with LED lights.  Oh, and I hate having the ring on the bottom...I cannot see most times and its probably the main reason I enjoy it over other devices by other platforms...The combination of quick voice assistance and lights which have saved my prime packages is EVERYTHING FOR THOSE WITH LIMITED AILITIES!	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	doesn’t recognize my voice 70% of the time. i have to say alexa multiple times and gets kinda of annoying.	2	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	N/A	3	March 30, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not a good listener, when I ever say something, not capturing properly.I have to repeat twice.	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Fails to recognize what your saying and need to repeat multiple times.	2	August 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I ordered thru Belk, I was rather disappointed because their ad says it comes with a clock which it does not. Other than that it is a great product.	3	December 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think it’s pretty silly they charge an extra $10 for a version with a clock. Ordered this one instead based on principal (that won’t change anything). For as much as they profit on these things you’d think they could just make the clock component that probably cost them pennies, an option. Other than that, works as expected.	3	September 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Far from seamless. Support was not very helpful. Motion detection needs a lot of work.	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"i bought two dots and then an echo proper.  the two dots arrived first and i put them in different rooms and they seemed to work ok - no yelling needed.  i didn't set up my pandora account on the app until after the echo got here.  but now there seems to be some problem with getting a response from the echo or the dot nearest to it.  often, unless i stand near one of them and yell at them, they'll show the lights and then neither respond.  more importantly, i have a pandora station called My Dark Shade - only sometimes can i get the echos to play it.  most often, it gives me a separate pandora station called Dark Shade, or another one, or just something random.  and sometimes when i finally get it to play what i want it will stop, switch to some unknown station, or play a single song from an entirely different genre and then stop playing altogether.  is it because of the echo?  is it because i changed the wake word to ""echo"" and use that instead of ""alexa""?  i know the software on each of them is up to date but ..."	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Can't work more than one at a time without interrupting the other ones.  It also shuts off without being asked.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Quit working after 11 months and tech support didn’t know why. They couldn’t fix it. After all day dealing with this and being on hold and talking to them, I’ve gotten nowhere. It took an additional hour on the phone, but finally Amazon agreed to send me a replacement.	3	October 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Since ball shaped it’s easily dropped or rolled over	3	February 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is fine but this dot is nor good at picking up or following children’s voices , I specifically bought this for a 4 yr old to help them while I work ( changing the channel, playing music, turning on the lights) - all the little things I get asked 100xs a day while working from home. However Alexa never responds back to her , though her little voice is clear and she’ll stand rather close to it .Edit : we recently had an incident where the echo randomly started playing white noise in the middle of the night . I couldn’t get it to stop and had to unplug it . Annnnnnd that’s it . She doesn’t want it anywhere near her now :	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's ok	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is great with out using it for music after a while I never have it full blast & all of a sudden it starting to skip & get staticky.	3	December 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have owned five or six Echo devices and all have worked great until this one.  This one seems to take forever to respond and the volume is inconsistent.  You can hardly hear it when you ask about the weather but you get the volume at full blast when you ask it to play an Audible book.  I'm glad I bought it on Prime day and didn't spend a  bundle as the old Echo Dot is back in its place and this one is being relegated to the donation pile.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"For 8 months, this was a wonderful addition to our house. It was our 6th Echo (two Gen 1's, two Gen 2 Dots and 1 Gen 3 Dot, and we use our Echo's a LOT) and our most recent Echo purchase.  We have never had any issues with any of our Echo's, and we bought the Generation 1 Echo's used.  We have dropped, kicked, spilled on, and/or otherwise mishandled many of them, with no problems. Ever.That is, until 8 months into this Gen 4 Dot, when it just stopped working.  It's blue ""listening"" indicator comes on at teh ""Alexa"" command, and stays on, and it just sits there and doesn't respond to any command; voice or button. Now it's just a nightlight.  We've tried unplugging and replugging, factory resets at least 10 times, and every time it works for 3 or 4 commands, then stops and stays stuck on ""listen"" mode.  Don't know if it's a bad chip inside it or a bad update they pushed out, but it's now worthless."	2	August 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I am literally surrounded by Echo devices in every room and garage (8 Echo devices). Haven't put any in bathrooms because Alexa might tell me I'm using too much Charmin.I have audiophile hearing, which means I spend too much on sound systems.Amazon may hate me for this but I don't hear any real difference in the sound quality of Gen 4 vs. my Gen 2 dots. OK, it has slightly better bass tone.I do like the sphere shape, relocated light ring and Zigbee inclusion. Guess I'll now have to buy some Zigbee devices. Wonder if somebody makes a Zigbee talking Frisbee.	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The thing may need to be returned it has a lot of malfunctioning and it doesn’t seem to hear you as easily I assume because of the design I thought it would improve it but this doesn’t seem to be the case sometimes just cuts off in middle of a song or something different quirky things therefore I gave my flat hockey puck echo dot to my mother I wish I had it.back sound wasn’t as loud as I would have liked but I didn’t get any better on this ine if you’re Donna get a dot get the flat not round one all that being said I feel I got a defective one so may just be mine idk	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	bought Amazon smart plugs to pair and unable to do so. Followed directions and went on internet and still can not do. Should not take a computer tech. to use this.	2	July 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this  echo dot because it came with good reviews for sound quality. In my opinion, the sound quality is poor!	2	August 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have 2 alexa on separate account but both seems to be triggering when I doesn't want to.Speaker quality is super great. I dont like for everythings I have to enable skills. Lullaby should be starting immediately like google does. It opens app gives 5 min lecture then asks want to start Lullaby. By that time baby is awake.	3	September 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased two of these for different areas of the house. The one on my enclosed sunroom works great.The one in my office, closest to the modem, has to be rebooted every time I use it.Makes no sense.	3	November 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It will randomly say weird things in the middle of the night. Waking me up. Not at all welcome	2	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this a few months ago and have been trying to get it set up multiple times only to fail. The device keeps telling me it is not registered. I have tried to get help on the Alexa app with no solution. On my Amazon account it shows still after all this time it is running late and there are no options to help.	1	October 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Bueno	3	March 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	We bought two at the same time. One is great and lives upstairs in our bedroom. One is absolutely AWFUL!!! We have to literally reset it EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. we want to use it for anything whatsoever. This process of course takes 10 minutes to do, which is a REAL pain to do with 3 very impatient little kids during lunch time. Because we’ve had it for a whopping 9 months, we’re outside of the warranty window so according to Amazon, we’re apparently on our own now. 😡 We didn’t have these issues 9 months ago when we were still “in warranty” so I guess my advice would be BUYER BEWARE.	2	January 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Does not stay connected to internet.	3	February 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I really wish I had ordered the previous model of Alexa Echo, this new design makes the audio sound very muffled, maybe because of where the speaker itself is located. Frankly, it’s awful. I’ll have to do more research and see if I can turn the bass down a little, maybe that will help. Otherwise, I won’t be using it much for music/podcasts, which is why I wanted it!	3	August 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa does not heed my command. I'm only using it as a radio	2	August 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"This is my 3rd Alexa. I kind of liked it at first; however, 6 months in and I'm sorry I bought it. The volume goes wonky all the time. It doesn't always hear me when I ask a question, and when it does, it now asks me who's speaking. A couple of days ago, while in the same room as this device, I asked for a timer to be set. It didn't ""hear"" me; however, my Dot in my bedroom did and set the needed timer. Newer is not always better. Disappointed to say the least."	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	There’s no option to disable By the Way responses.	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I'm not one to write reviews as I am overwhelming pro Amazon.However. This product is a waste of money, inexpensive as it may be. I never got it to connect.I have half a dozen Echo devices scattered throughout my house and car. They all work to my satisfaction.Please don't tell me what to try as I tried it already. Take this as a heads-up not to buy a cheap device.Thank you.	1	October 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I didn’t realize that buying 5echo and 4 FireSticks would cause such havoc on my wifi. There’s only 2 people in the household but I had quite a bit of wifi gadgets! I planned to basically use the echos as music speakers around the house.  Everyday devices around the house were now offline and it was a huge hassle constantly resetting them. I ended up having to invest in an expensive new router.	3	August 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Okay	3	March 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Buenas tardestengo un problema con el echo dog comprado recientemente, no he podido configurarlo con mi televisor marca LG Smart TV, quedo a la espera de sus sugerenciagracias	3	November 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Half the time it doesn't respond. When it does I usually have to repeat myself several times. At full volume, music still isn't very loud. Not impressed at all.	2	July 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought this expecting it to have better sound than my 2nd gen echo. It didn’t. It almost sounds worse. A little disappointed.	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This thing cannot hear you for anything. I’ve had the echo dot 2nd and 3rd generation, as well the regular echo, and it’s by far the worst. I could be standing two feet from it and it won’t recognize its wake word (Ziggy) unless I shout it. Meanwhile, I could stand in the same spot (in the kitchen) and whisper my echo’s wake word (Alexa) and it will hear me from the living room. It’s so frustrating! My kitchen is only 5’x10’, there’s no reason it shouldn’t be able to hear me say “Ziggy stop timer” from my stove 6’ away when the only other sound in the house is its own alert going off. Massive downgrade, makes my blood boil every time I use it.	2	December 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I ask Alexa a question and she doesn't get the answer correct. For example, I asked Alexa who is the 2022 NBA Eastern conference champion. It would answer the Toronto Raptors or the Cleveland Cavaliers. It was the Boston Celtics.	2	June 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This speaker even on max volume isn’t loud. Sucky quality, wish it was better.	2	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought a few for prime day special as Father’s Day gift and saving it for future birthdays, however when setting it up for my dad when playing music the speaker is noticeably different. The 3rd gen music speaker sounded less muffled I’m not sure if we got a defect or they made a horrible decision with the redesign. On the plus side this one understands Spanish without having to make a horrible fake English accent. The design is very nice but if you want it mainly for playing music as a speaker try the 3rd gen instead.	3	June 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I'm reallt disappointed in this. I was hoping for this to be an upgrade from my 3rd gen dot to this one. I moved recently to my own apartment and needed a second device since my current one is in my bedroom out of habit. The sound quality is TERRIBLE compared to my other one! The 3rd gen is so loud I normally can't go past volume 6 or 7 (and that's if I REALLY want to jam out to music), otherwise I keep it at a 3 or 4 for normal stuff. This new one has the volume cranked all the way up to ten and me being a few feet away doesn't sound loud at all. It compares to my other dot's 4. I'm really thinking about returning it but I'm upset that now I missed out on the sale of the 3rd gen version since it ended yesterday. I'm so mad because I was looking forward to the new device being better, or at the least, the same quality, but instead it just looks cuter and went down in quality.	2	June 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The speaker I recieved has had bad sound and crackled since I got it .	3	January 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Same as with all alexa devices, there are geographical restrictions preventing pairing with other devices if you leave outside of some geographical region they imagined is of only importance.	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was overall disappointed with quality of product and actually prefer voice recognition and sound quality of older generations.	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	So disappoinred in the sound. Sounds as though the voice is coming thru a bale of gauze. Many reviews have indicated that earlier versions of the dot have been more clear. I hope that Amazon can come up with a fix.	2	June 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I got these for Christmas for me and my boyfriend to upgrade 3rd generation. Honestly it doesn't do anything different and it's pretty bulky. Half the time my old dot in my living room pick up better. Not worth the money.	3	October 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	First the reason I bought this: I thought the sound quality would be better than the 3rd gen...I was wrong. The 3rd generation dot had pretty good sound for such a small devise, the 4th generation does not. The 4th gen sounds cheaper, almost tinny. Other than the sound disappointment, the 4th gen is basically the same as the 3rd generation...it controls devices the same, takes commands the same..no difference. Bottom line, I bought this because I thought it would be a sound upgrade, but the sound quality has been down graded. Its not worth sending it back, so I will just put it in my junk room assigned to my upstairs group. I give it 3 stars and do not recommend based on the diminished sound quality.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Dot	No comment.	3	March 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Si bien el producto llego completo no esta testeado como corresponde ya que el mismo no funcionaba y no se podia configurar, al encenderlo se prendia un aluz azul intermitente  y l tratar de resetearlo conel boton se ponia fija pero nunca se podia salirde alli, con lo cual despues de hablar con varios tecnicos y deje de hacerlo llegue a la conclusion que estaba fallado y no lo testearon como corresponde, si venden articulos usados u refurbished asegurense de probarlos bien antes.	1	September 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	CORRECTION/UPDATE - Amazon contacted my mother today and fixed the unit.  Thank you for coming through Amazon!!!  My apologies.I bought Alexa for my mother who lives alone a year and a half ago, she loved it and used it a lot.  She went on a 6 week vacation to visit her family, she came home and Alexa just no longer worked for voice commands.  She called Amazon to troubleshoot the issue but Amazon advised her that her Alexa was dead and she would have to buy a new one.  Alexa didn't last much longer than a year and a half.  Boo!	1	September 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s a good little device. But, the sound quality is sort of on par with the original echo dot. I totally would have imagined it to be much better quality than the updated hockey puck dot, but it is really just not as deep of a sound. Glad I got it on sale!	3	September 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don’t really see the big deal or importance of the echo or Alexa. It doesn’t work unless plugged in? Doesn’t hold a charge? And so it’s just annoying. Plus you can’t change the voice like with Siri. Alexa’s voice is annoying. The only reason I got this was because of the promo. But not worth the money I spent.	3	September 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Doesn't have a battery, this had to remain plugged in for it to stay on	3	January 19, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I bought an Echo Show 5 before buying this 4th gen Echo Dot, and the sound quality on the Echo Show 5 was so good that I was expecting comparable quality in this Echo Dot.I was disappointed.The Dot has that hollow/tinny quality that is the mark of a low quality speaker.With an Echo Show 5, you get a slightly larger speaker, a touch screen, video playback, video calling, and (most importantly) sound quality that is immensely better than the Echo Dot!If you catch it during one of the many times it is on sale, the price difference is only about $20, but even at full price it is worth it.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Amazon sent an email directing that if I used Alexa device I could get a Kasa bulb to work with Alexa for only a buck or two (don't recall exact price) so I bit on the offer, fully realizing it was just a trick to get users used to the idea of ordering anything at anytime by just speaking to Alexa.  After completing and getting confirmation of my order, Amazon just cancelled the order!  Poof!  Apparently they sold more than they anticipated, and I was the guy that got skipped.	2	March 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"My mother is very hard of hearing abd has difficulty hearing this device at its highest volume. I connected the device to a sound bar only to see ""mild improvement.""A few days later I purchased a preamp for $32.99 from the mypin store (AMZN) and what a huge difference this makes!  A 3.5mm jack goes from the Alexa device to the preamp which in turn connects to the sound bar--- now at rock concert levels!I wish the Alexa has more oomph to it but this fix works very well and she now has a device that is now ""usuable."""	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have many Alexa devices.  This was a replacement for a previous generation Dot that has been moved to the bathroom.  I like the look of this - maybe not better than the previous generation- but I think it’s interesting.  My biggest problem is the sound quality.  Listening to music is a big use case, and this is a major downgrade vs. previous dots.  Anyone who says otherwise must not have an older generation for comparison.  I have two older Dots I use as a speaker pair as part of my overall music setup in my office.  I would never use one of these for that purpose.  This sounds like a transistor radio.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Brought this product and it does not last long. Will not maintain Bluetooth connection does not follow commands and cuts off mid song. Irritated that I brought this. Have others for years that work fine. Paid over $30 for it and now can’t get a new one or money back because it’s outside of the window 😤	2	May 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa sound so muffled it's hard to understand.	2	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I have both the Google Home and this Echo. I can personalize the G home with different voices, with echo I can't. I used both for a quiz and Alexa (Echo) couldn't answer most of the questions, while G assistant gave me 85% correct answers.With alarms and timers, when they go off, I can say ""stop"" with Ghome and it turns off. With echo I have to say Alexa Stop.Ghome has conversation mode, Echo does not. So I have to say Alexa before each sentence. with Ghome u don't have to, you just keep asking questions or talking.Ghome mini and Echo dot about same price and size.Get Google Home. Way better."	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought my 4th gen from Kohls for myself for Christmas, and I got it set up last night.First off I was very irritated that it comes with a WHITE power cord with a BLACK echo.... Small but irritating. I got it all set up and started playing music, and was really excited to here the sound quality (hoping it would at least be as good as my 3rd gen) and I suddenly thought I had plugged in my old 2nd gen echo. The quality in sound is awful. I went into the Alexa app and you can adjust a few audio settings, but it still doesn't compare to the 3rd Gen. I will most likely be returning this 4th Gen.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	For A home assistant but she isn’t much of one	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It acts like its deaf	3	February 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	***Update after owning a couple months****Yeah, I get it now. This one is not nearly as responsive as the others. I find that this one needs to be asked more than once before playing music, it often will not play music at all even though it will say “shuffling songs by ___” or “playing _____ radio from pandora”. I still stand by my statement that the sound quality is better  than the previous gen, but dang I’m disappointed it’s so unresponsive ☹️Original review:I was really surprised seeing that people preferred the 3rd gen over this one! I found that this has exceptional sound compared to the older model. Total upgrade and I love it. Sound quality is amazing for our living room.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sounds quality not so good.	3	February 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I got this thinking it would be louder since it’s bigger, it’s not. The sound quality isn’t as good ether, in my opinion anyway.	3	December 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I have 2 echo dots (2nd and 3rd generations) and love them.  Used them all the time.  I bought this 4th generation in Nov 2021 to replace my oldest echo dot.  It worked fine for about 2 weeks and the stop recognizing commands and integrations, going offline/reconnecting or going offline displaying blue circle light.  I have reset countless times, changed power cords, move location (sitting right next to my router at one point) with no luck.  Works for 2-3 days and starts exhibiting same behavior.  I have tried everything online and amazon support.  ""A bad chip"" I was finally told to me by Amazon in Jan 2022, but also it was no longer eligible to return or exchange.  Very disappointed in the product and loss of my time and money.Advice to buyers:  At the first sign of issues on a brand new echo, return it immediately...hopefully while still eligible to exchange or get your money back.By the way, my other echo dots are still working fine as they have always.  @nd gen is a little slow, but that is expected at its age."	1	March 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I purchased this as I always do with the latest and greatest echo devices. This was a horrible mistake.Problems:1. These echo and power cord are no longer matching colors and the cord is shorter and feels significantly cheaper.2. The power adapter is much larger and cheaper too and is a bulky design.3. The sound quality compared to the 3nd Gen Dot is substantially worse. As in if the sound quality if the 3nd gen was a 8 out of 10 the sound quality of this 4rd gen is maybe a 3 out of 10. The speaker lacks bass and is very ""hollow"" sounding.4. Its fabric mesh, and construction seem cheaper and feel like they are much lower quality.5. It has this awful cheap plastic look to it similar to a Chinese garbage speaker you would get on wish.7. The buttons are unresponsive and feel like hollow plastic.Pros:I guess the light under it is a nice touch however on a dark surface it makes it difficult to see during the day.Its clear that a lot of its features, and quality were stripped. The gen 3 dots are amazing, and if you are thinking of upgrading, don't. If you are looking for a echo dot get a gen 3, I even went out and found three more gen 3 dots to replace my last gen 1 dots since I know I won't be able to get them soon and will be stuck with this garbage until gen 5 which they hopefully won't cheap out on."	1	December 12, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I don’t think it was that much improvement over the echo dot. The sound quality was fair at best.	2	August 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The white cord is very distasteful, a real eye sore.  I may be returning that's how much I really dislike the cord.	3	December 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased 3 of these to replace our Gen 3 and it came as a disappointment when it arrived. Photos clearly made the device seem bigger. It was like a small toy basketball. Honestly, for the price Gen 3rd is a lot better as far as sound quality and being able to pick up the “wake word”. With this, it took a few times for echo to hear the wake word, which was super annoying and when I tested the sound quality and volume it lacks the robust sound that was in the previous generation. I would say it’s cool for aesthetics, but other then that I would personally revert to the gen 3 or wait until they have a better echo device out.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Could not get item working , even with Amazon tech on line.	3	January 24, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Yikes, I just ordered 3 of these guys during prime day to upgrade from my 3rd generation Dot.  I plugged it in and thought, why does the sound so tinny? Where's the bass?  It has no depth to the sound.  I listened to my 3rd generation Dot and it sounded so much better.I like the light on the bottom because it does get my attention, which is the notification light!All in all these are going back.  Perhaps next year the upgrade will be worth it.	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The quality of the third generation seems to be a lot better.	3	January 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Can’t get the music I want even with the Amazon’s music membership.	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have several echo dot 3rd Gens in my home. I saw this as a Black Friday deal and thought I'd upgrade the one in my kitchen with this one.  The Echo Dot has way better sound than this! I like listening to music so this is divinity a downgrade!Half of the time you ask Alexa and it doesn't pick up your voice unless you are close up to the device. Right after I received this they released another one (for more money] with premium sound...wth. I would have purchased that one instead. So I would suggest getting the Dot 3rd gen and skip this one because based on sound alone this is a pure downgrade. Lack of bass ugh...	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I upgraded a 2nd Gen Echo Dot for this 4th Gen with an expectation the 4th Gen would have better sound quality over 2nd and 3rd Gen Dots.  I was wrong.  Sound quality is a major disappointment.  I also have two 3rd Gen Dots and when I move between rooms listening to a 3rd Gen to this 4th Gen, I almost want to mute the new one, it sounds so weak compared to the 3rd Gen.  I played with the Bass, Treble and Mid-range settings and still couldn't get it anywhere close to the fullness of the 3rd Gen Dot.  It really sounds like a old cheap 9 volt transistor radio, for those that remember those things.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am not pleased with the new generation’s design.  It’s larger, bulkier, and you can’t easily wrap the cord into a mount that easily plugs in to an outlet.This is no longer a dot.  It’s a dome.  It’s unsightly and I don’t see what advantages it gives over the old design.For reference, I have two gen 3 dots (used to have 5), a Spot, a Show 10, Show 5, and a Show 8.  I love my Echo devices, but this new Dot is just a flop.	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	A lot smaller than I expected but does have a powerful speakerupdate: After a year and moving apartments, my echo dot no longer connects to the Internet. I have tried resetting it and following any article I could find. But It has officially stopped working	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's ok but I feel like my Echo Gen 3 is more responsive and consistent with volume.	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Make it short for you. Gen two voice recognition is way better	3	February 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"Let me list the ways:-I used to be able to say ""pause"" and ""play"" when watching a show and it would work just fine.Now if ""pause"" is said it says ""there is no content to pause"" half the time and when saying ""play"" it starts to play spotify.-I used to be able to tell it to play a show and it would automatically play on my Livingroom TV.Then for a while if I told it to play something, it asked if I want to play on my parents TV that is on a different account. (family sharing but different email/loggin)After a few months it's stopped asking-The volume is either too loud or too quiet.-I used to be able to say ""play mickey mouse funhouse on disney+"" for my kidNow it's pulling up options to buy the show when it's free on disney+-Once in a while it is now trying to play things on my Roku TV instead of the FireTVI'm sure more issues will arise..."	1	April 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	(4th Gen Charcoal Dot)I thought it was just me, but after seeing other reviews I realized I'm NOT alone in this opinion. The 4th gen is notably different in speaker quality when compared to the 3rd generation dot. I'm not sure if this is something that can be fixed in a software update or something, but it's SO bad on the 4th generation dot. The 4th gen sounds extremely tinny, equivalent to that of like a $10-15 Bluetooth speaker (yes, that bad!). I have multi-room setup on the speakers throughout my house and when walking from the bathroom (3rd gen) to my room (4th gen) I heard an unpleasant drop in speaker quality. So I sat there trying to mess with the equalizer and all and nothing! These are either bad and cheap sounding speakers or just optimized poorly. If you have the chance to get the 3rd gen, definitely stay with buying the 3rd gen.Also, kind of just a nit-pick here, but I'm sure others will agree this was a bad decision by Amazon... Why ship all of the new 4th gen dots with a WHITE cord instead of corresponding with the color dot you bought?? I bought the charcoal dot and thought I received the wrong color cord, to the point where I reached out to the customer support and asked if this was the case. It was definitely intentional, so I bought a wall mount and threw it up cause it was an eye sore for how my room is set up.If you happened to skip the read above, JUST BUY THE 3RD GENERATION DOT!!	1	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"We have multiple ""alexa"" devices in our house and this is the first one that failed so quickly. It's very disappointing."	3	December 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I bought this, as well as a TCL roku tv from amazon for friend who had a stroke and has difficulty using the remote control.  The amazon website states that this tv works with alexa.  I set it up, i.e,, linked the echo dot to the tv with the help from customer service, as there were no instructions with the tv or on the alexa app, but a week later the echo didn't recognize the roku tv.  I called customer care from echo dot again , linked them again, but it still would not recognize the tv, and I was finally informed that it had been reported 2 weeks earlier that this alexa ""skill,"" that is, roku tv, was not working.  I am disappointed and may send the tv and echo back."	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	You have to say Alexa multiple times to get it listen.	2	August 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This product is terrible and customer service even worse.  It started out OK and within 6 months it could not stream any music that was passed to bluetooth or hard wired.  Reset and followed all troubleshooting steps and still that would fail.  Not passing to bluetooth or hard wiring worked fine so it was definitely a case of a unit was defective.  Customer service was horrible.  Offered me a 15% discount to buy a new one.  They should have simply replaced this item since it was obviously a defective unit.	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Bonito diseño, pero al poner el maximo volumen pierde la calidad del sonido y los bajos	3	January 16, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Black dot came with a white cord	3	February 8, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Very good product with clear voice. Lacks streaming support like gaana.com for Music, doesn't support voice if spoken in other language. Not much interactive like if we say Good morning or good night then it doesn't give any additional options like setting up alarm or morning news etc. I would still recommend Google Home over Alexa"	2	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I will start by saying I love love love Alexa and all her devices BUT the previous generation Echo Dot sounds much better than this version. I returned all but two 4th gens and I’m super sad I kept those. I’m using multiple 3rd generations throughout my house. I have 3rd gens and one 4th gen in my master bedroom and the overall sound quality is dragged down by the 4th Gen unit. When I remove it from the group and only use my 3rd gens, I have much better sound quality, base etc. Again, I adore this entire concept and the 3rd gen speakers are fabulous.	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Very disappointed in the sound quality. Volume does not go very loud. Not what I had hoped for.	2	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have many dots, and this one is almost the quietest one. 1st generation obviously wins, but this one is almost the same. That's why average marks	3	December 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is located on my dresser and many times I find myself yelling at it because it won't even light up like it hears me. Sometimes it cannot understand what I'm saying. Disappointed. It hooked right up to the network and my devices. The sound is good enough for me, I didn't buy it for a Hi-Fi system.	2	May 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa device would be much more user friendly if they came with a PRINTED users manual that clearly, in a step by step manner, covered how to install skills for all of the devices compatible with Alexa. Its really more frustrating than anything, just another remote control that works now and then.	3	September 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like listening to podcasts and Alexa chides what u can listen to does not give u a choice even if it’s free	2	July 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We had two 3rd generation Echo Dots for two years and loved them. We just got two 4th generation Dots and they both have glitches: the wake-up alarm music goes on and off or off completely sometimes just a few minutes after it starts; sometimes when we request a Pandora station she will repeat it as if she will play it but then not play it even after several requests. It’s not a WiFi or Pandora issue issue because the other Dots will play it. Other little on-again-off-again annoyances. Tech support was no help and would not allow an exchange for a 3rd gen; said we would have to pay the current price, which is $15 more.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	You cannot compare quality of the sound of 3rd Gen Echo dot and 4th Gen, it's mono, not stereo, and my device is not faulty, confirmed with tech support.What I thought:- It would have a better bass- It would be larger- It would look betterReality- The sound is so bad. I have 3 echo dots of 3rd generation and they sound so much louder and better.When I play music on 'everywhere group' where both new and previous dots play together the difference between 3rd and 4th is so huge. The 4th generation sounds like mono and 3rd sounds like dolby digital. I tried different music, from classical to rap, from radio to ambient sounds, it's a;; bad. It's not a song related issue, or a placement, it simply has a different, much worse, sound.- The size - it's so small! I was hoping it would be bigger, but it's size of the 3rd generation, just round, not flat.It's probably not an issue, just not what I was expecting. If 3rd gen echo dot can have such a great sound, I don't think the size has much effect on it.- I don't like the look. I looked at the amazon photos and it seemed amazing, but seeing it at home is not something that I like. I also like the light at the top, like on 3rd, not the bottom.I would suggest to give this product another year before you decide to buy it, or simply go with 3rd gen!	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was real excited about this but it didn't have the clock display like my white one does.	2	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like to play music in a daily basis, and there's nothing I appreciate more than being able to just stream it directly to my Echo Dot 3rd Gen. It's already 2 years old and I thought it was worth trying an upgrade.The new device definitely looks amazing and the light at the bottom gives a total different feeling when the device is muted or processing a request. Feels a lot more modern.However, the sound quality on the new generation has dropped a WHOLE LOT comparing it to the previous device. The bass frequencies are nearly inaudible and the middle ones are incredibly high. Changing the Audio Settings on the Alexa app will just sacrifice the volume without causing any major difference. It just sounds like the an Echo Dot 2nd Gen in a new casing.Overall, I really enjoy the aesthetics, but I expected an even better quality of sounds from a new version. Good thing I didn't get rid of my Echo Dot 3rd Gen. If you got this far, thanks for reading and DO NOT BUY this device if you're worried about good sound when playing music in it. Get a 3rd Gen instead.	2	November 8, 2020	0
Echo Dot	It’s wasn’t what I was expecting	3	February 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I hated the presentation of black echo, and white cord and hard time getting it hooked up. It will not connect to the internet ( orange light on) and it is a POS... 6 months used it 3 times... I have two others that work fine. I think more than anything I can't believe they gave me a black echo and white cord that looks like I got it from a pawn shop or trash can.... second hand...presentation is everything	1	September 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I'm not happy because this Dot left a big grease circle on top of my piano that I cannot remove.  Also, it doesn't make the familiar dong sound when you call on Alexa, so you don't know if it's heard you or not.  Otherwise it works well.  But that grease stain!!!!!	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s app is very difficult to understand and use. I have tried multiple times to add another member to the voice recognition so they can use it too. But it will not allow me to do so for whatever reason. So for that reason I am giving it two stars. It’s inconvenient that only one person in the house can use it.	2	April 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	After having the previous version of the echo this is not an improvement especially when it comes to microphone pick up. Seems to have a harder time hearing my voice than the previous version and the white material picked up dirt and dust much quicker.	3	September 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Bought it to use mostly with my desktop for audio. Don't. The sound distortion is unbearable. It cuts in and out, sounding like my pc is having spasms. There is some problem with the bluetooth signal, and I tried to get around that using an aux cord to play the sound from my computer directly. Instead of distortion, silence.At first I thought, no big deal, probably should be an easy fix with tech support's guidance. Three days and over four hours of calls later, no solution. During my second to last call, I was placed on hold by an ""expert"" who hung up after ten minutes. Very, very frustrating to wait so work on solutions for close to 40 minutes only for the person to place me on hold for ten minutes then hang up. I had to start all over again for the 4th or 5th time with  another worker. Everyone except the guy who hung up was polite, but they did not and could not help apparently.Amazon's proposed solution is for me to mail the device back to them and get another. I have already spent hours of my life on this PIECE OF GARBAGE, I'm tired of the run-around and F going all the way to UPS DURING A PANDEMIC to ship them back the broken alexa they sent me. Y'all sent me a bad product, then expect me to do all the work fixing it and returning it. I'd rather just smash the thing, at least then I'll feel better and I won't be stuck with another piece of garbage alexa."	1	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I would leave a higher rating if only the thing was more portable. I mean in these times one would think that a litho battery would be standard in all things little speaker. And Zoom support would have been nice to.	3	October 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Difficult to connect to wifi	2	September 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality is no better than the original echo dot 1. Don't waste your money thinking you are upgrading.	2	July 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If I can't depend on it to alert me when a timer is up it is virtually pointless for me. Also, it often doesn't respond until after I've repeated the wake word several times. I am so disappointed and angry that I wasted money on two echoes and two smart light bulbs.	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I try to use this echo dot as a part of the Alexa home theater. I find I have to unpair and redo the setup every day I want to use it. Most times it will display a network error message when I try to repair so I have to restart my router. I recently switched over to eero pro routers so that’d could be the issue, but I find myself just going back to the tv speakers and the echo dot just sits there doing nothing.	2	February 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My only dislike is that the picture of it makes it looks bigger than it is	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Not as good as the original devices which these replaced. I thought the design would look better based on the pictures, but I prefer the older tower design over these. They also do not seem to pick up voice as well. It works, just not as good as original in my opinion.	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have 5 different Alexa. I do not like this 4th generation baseball looking Dot. I think the sound quality is not as good as 3rd generation. Bass is not as grounded as the hunkered down low 3rd generation. I do not like to give bad reviews to Alexas because who else but Amazon is working to perfect this technology? We need to be ginnie pigs. Its hard to beat Dot 3rd. Generation. 3rd generation is nearly perfect in design and sound, and voice recognition is very good. 4th generation is not really a step up.... might even be a step down.. Its gonna take something special ... stick with3rd generation Dot its the best Alexa for the money, maybe best Alexa period.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have 4 Gen 2 dots and needed another one.  The older dot is just a usb cable connectio, this one is now a hard wired with an outlet hogging plug.  Had I know this I would have ordered the regular Echo speaker.  I love the compactness of the Gen 2 and that they are powered by usb,  I had to completely rearrange and add a second power strip, whereas if it was a usb like the older one, it would have been an easy install.  I wish they still had the gen 2, I like that they are compact and flat, easy to tuck into a corner without it being a piece of art on my furniture. I am less than thrilled with this.  Also its now a fabric cover, which attracts and hold dust better than the hard plastic puck of the Gen 2.  I would imagine that if you have to touch it a lot it will get dirty from the oils on your hands as well, especially if you get a light colored one.  I am less than thrilled with the 'upgrade'.	2	December 23, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Long winded answers.	3	February 22, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Works ok. Voice recognition is mediocre. Simple requests like setting a timer, I often have to repeat a couple times. Also, it turns my lights on at various times with no apparent reason.	3	November 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have three other dots and this last one  is NOT as good as the others! The sound is hard to regulate as listening to my radio station. the sound is good and then it goes to hard to hear and then roars back! maybe mine is just a bad dot! Disappointed as i wanted it in my bedroom and i just changed to a guest room!	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought for convenience. Not working, cannot set up.	2	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Device is good although it has disappointing cheap looking buttons.  Haven't used them, rarely did on my old Gen 2.  Why use a button when I can tell Alexa to do it?  LOL  The sound much better than Gen 2 (I never got a Gen 3)........ BUT BEWARE!!!!! ... the black ones come with a white cable!!!!!!  OMG, what are they thinking??  And the cord is an ""all in one"" with a very old style, large large plug rather than a standard micro USB.  So you will be stuck using this damn fat charger that IS WHITE and I have a dark charcoal (black) device.  Really crappy of them to do this.  Really crappy."	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Stopped working out of nowhere after a year and a half .	2	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Hmmmm... from reviews I was hoping for better sound. I preferred the 3rd gen cylinder ones sound by far. I did go into the Alexa app and messed with the audio but it just didn’t sound good. I bought two for the stereo effect and, maybe my room was too big, it just didn’t win me over. I need more bass. Maybe the larger one would do. But I also wanted to tie it to my Samsung smart TV but it wouldn’t pair the two in stereo, just one speaker. I would have needed to go back to using my firestick instead of using the Samsung smart tv features. I guess I’ll look into buying a sound bar for home theater effect.	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The device is quite a novelty but not for everyone I guess.Originally I wanted to get a blue tooth speaker. Then I heard of the dot so I checked it out and went on chat to make sure it would work. When I got the dot it didn't work so I went on chat again and after talking chatting with several people someone let me know it would not work.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Mine keeps losing it's wifi and bluetooth connection. It is 5 feet from the router. No other device in the house does this. They all work fine. I constantly have to unplug it and start all over to make it work. Otherwise, the speaker is nice and loud and it is cute to look at.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Slightly better sound quality, but same function and overall performance as the previous older model we owned.	2	August 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound has static. Alexa doesn’t respond as well as previous models.	3	January 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have an Echo Dot 3rd gen and an Echo Flex and both of them have better voice recognition than this model, which I've had since launch. I often find myself having to raise my voice at it and over enunciate for it to understand me from just a few feet away. To the point that the older models in the other rooms activate and understand me before this one does! Maybe I got a bad unit..., but I'm considering trading it in for a 3rd gen. I like the sound on the older model better too. I find that the 4th gen can be a bit tinny.	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I can hardly give a review about how this thing works, since I can't even set it up. I tried downloading the app like it instructs you do, only to find out that it's ""incompatible with my device"". Using the website on my computer, and downloading the app on there also wouldn't even work. I got online with support and they mentioned that I would have to be connected to the network through Wi-Fi on my computer to get that to work, but it's a desktop and I don't even have a Wi-Fi adapter in it... so I just can't even set this stupid thing up... I guess I got it cheap but it's literally just a decoration at this point, maybe I'll find someone to give it away to"	1	July 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s OK I just have had a hard time with Amazon’s customer service getting back to me. I have contacted them twice about  an 2 Alexas and a Exo Dot that came with a Bluetooth lightbulb and had a hard time syncing up to them.  we’ve tried to reset it I’ve called twice and no answer so my next bet is to buy another Bluetooth lightbulb so the one that it comes with sucks!	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	A lot of the time it doesn't understand what we're asking, turns off without answering, or says it's having trouble right now. Much prefer our Google Nest Hub. The Echo Dot was free through a promotion so its not bad for free,  but probably would have sent it back had we purchased it.	3	September 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s a great speaker I just wish Alexa works with YouTube	3	January 15, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It stopped working after just over a year. After resetting multiple times it will no longer connect to my homes wifi in the setup process. All my other Echoes work fine. I have tried with it right by the router. Seems like the network adapter is fried or something.	1	November 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have to repeat Alexa name atleast twice or the command twice	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	primero te cambian la fecha de entrega para ellos cumplir con la fecha de entrega, es una mini y la descripcion no lo dice, cabe en la palma de la manoy el modelo hace alucion a la mediana.Tiene el peor sonido de todas y tengo 4 modelos diferente	1	November 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"TO START, I MUST MAKE IT KNOWN THAT I ABSOLUTELY LOVE ALL THINGS AMAZON!  I have Amazon Prime, Amazon Music and Audibles.  I have a Fire TV, a FireStick, an Echo Dot (3rd Gen.) and a smart plug, etc.  I'm very happy with all of my devices and services and the way they have performed to date.  However, I recently bought two Echo Dot (4th Gen.), and I'm disappointed with the Echo Dot (4th Gen.) for multiple reasons.  First, it stopped recognizing the ""Alexa"" startup voice command shortly after I set it up.  I had to unplug it and plug it back in to get it to work.  Second, it will not pair with the Bluetooth on my cell phone.  The blue light comes on and the ""searching for devices"" notice appears on my phone but will not pair.  After several minutes, it actually locates the device.  However, when I click on it to complete the pairing, it gives me a verbal message from the Echo stating that, ""the device wasn't paired."" Third, I am super disappointed that I gifted this to someone. I gave one as a birthday gift to my brother on Jan. 14, 2021.  He has several devices also, but this was his first Echo.  Soooooooo, I'm hoping that he will get good use out of the features that actually work.  I'm not the type of person that returns things so I'm stuck with it. Conclusion, I would definitely suggest that you buy the Echo Dot (3rd. Gen.)."	1	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Overall the product was OK the thing I didn’t like was the sound quality the size it’s nice it could fit in a bathroom or in the kids room but Its just is not what I expected	3	October 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I bought this item in Nov. of 2020, it did not really work from the beginning so it's partly my fault that the 90 day warranty which used to be a year but now they charge you for a year had run out when I decided to finally check about getting a replacement.First it wouldn't play music on the device it would go to my echo show upstairs, I thought I had maybe messed up a setting so I figured that out and fixed it.Second, it would randomly not work and wouldn't answer or even acknowledge I had said ""Alexa"" I would have to unplug it and then plug it back in and let it reboot.Third, recently it had stopped working and unplugging it and plugging it back in did not do anything. I reset it to factory settings and it worked for about 2 days and then back to nothing.I decided to purchase a Gen 3 because my other one of those has been reliable and I trusted it. This one will just go to a junk pile until I decide to throw it away.I'm not sure why the warranty policy changed, I thought I would be able to replace it because the returns and replacements page said may be eligible  for replacement until 11-2021 but it was not because I didn't not pay for it. Cool story bro."	1	July 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Speaker very bad quality at high volume while playing music .	3	January 17, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I could not get the Dot working using the Android phone app.  Instructions say to load and run the app and ""follow the instructions"". Unfortunately there are no ""instructions"". Got on the internet for help and found a step by step video. That didn't work either. Finally got tech support (Bangladesh??) which told me that the phone app doesn't work. They were helpful and using the app on my computer finally got the Dot working."	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Vivo en Montevideo Uruguay y Alexa no está echo para América del Sur ya que no llama a ningún número de mi agenda ni al mío cuando le pido que llame a mi móvil. Porque no puede, sólo lo hace en muy pocos países,...una lástima. Después no ve los celulares Samsung que son tres en mi casa y todos tienen Bluethud activado. Fuera de este inconveniente Alexa interactúa muy bien con las personas. Gracias y deseo que la mejoren un poco en estos aspectos. Un abrazo.	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The echo dot three picks up my voice faster than the dot 4 , I will be replacing it with the 3rd gen.	3	December 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This iteration of the echo dot is the worst of all of them. I have had every version and this one is like a step backwards. I say the wake word and before I can continue asking the question I wanted to ask it it stops listening and I have to repeat myself. Sometimes multiple times. When using an app skill it will just stop responding randomly. Good luck playing any interactive game with this thing. The only thing it does well is play music, once you can get it to actually play what you asked for of course. Complete waste of money. I went back to my echo dot 3rd gen and bought another 3rd gen to replace this one because the 3rd generation dots actually work.	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	fun	3	February 28, 2022	1
Echo Dot	The white cord has to go black cords for black products white cords for white products spend a few extra cents to keep me buying these kindle products	2	July 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was disappointed that this item came with a white cord. This is my 3rd charcoal colored Alexa and the others all had black cords. Looks stupid if you ask me. Fail on looks for sure. Obviously I like the product because I’m purchasing my third one. Just disappointed on the looks with the white cord.	3	August 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This one needs work the microphone in this one must suck necause alexa just understand half the things you say. Never had a single problem with last generation. If you use alexa specially for drp in feature if you have one in all your rooms dont upgrade to the new one. Not worth it .	2	May 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	looks nice , but this one you really must to yell in order that device hear you, beside that the speaker is not good enough for higher volumes, it damage one nigh table leaving a ring sticky mark on the wood, that I have not idea why this is happening if the room is always in a good temperature	3	August 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Make compatible with Google home/Google compatible devices and vice versa	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This echo dot definitely sounds better than the previous model but for some reason I find that I have to speak louder to get a response. So at times when I would like to be a little quiet I still have to shout before it lights up and respond. Maybe a software update could fox this or maybe it’s a factory fail but either way it needs to be fixed	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The add showed a clock display when I ordered it. It came without one .	3	January 6, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Alexa’s integration with everything is abysmal. I own 6 echo devices for my house and they were incredibly useful and the worst devices in my household at the same time. We want a voice activated device that is actually privacy focused, and this isn’t it. Please go head first into maintaining privacy of the user AND working effectively. In this case any privacy settings you enable make the device function significantly worse as Alexa’s rarely responds correctly and only works as promised 50 percent of the time. Having to repeat myself or yell at my device 3 feet away is an inconvenience. If you have the money, consider switching to the apple home pods.	1	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Love the color.Wish there were more options for wall mounts; coloring matching would be nice.Voice recognition is okay. We live in northern Minnesnowta so sometimes Alexa doesn’t recognize my husbands “accent”.When using certain “skills” Alexa will say a daily option but when you ask to repeat it she says something completely different than before (daily riddle as an example).Having to pay for certain other “skills” is really lame considering you pay for a monthly/yearly subscription for prime already. These skills should be available no matter what.Plug-in cord doesn’t match. White was the only option available. I’d highly recommend color coordinating for a more clean look.Overall, we do enjoy this Alexa device. It wasn’t our first “smart” item.	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Dot	My Alexa seems to have gotten less smart since getting two more. She just sort of blanks out on questions now...she doesn't send my notifications to all devices anymore, it's just multiple things that have start happening since having the third device. My second purchased device actually has crackling sounds often...not sure what's up with that...either that device is just got issues, or maybe it's due to being the farthest room from the wifi...but I just think it's the speaker	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I used to have only a echo dot 3 on my room but decided to buy another one to move the echo 3 to the kitchen and have the 4 in my room. Volume and sound quality are good same as echo 3 i will say. my only complain and reason why i give this rating is do to the fact i need to yell to Alexa something in order for it to listen and don't even talk about whisper mode she hears the wake word but doesn't hear the rest of the command and end up having to use regular tone of voice late at night thing that didn't happened with the echo 3	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Slight improvement over the gen 3 dot but still muddy. Wish it sounded like the echo studio.	3	December 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was severely disappointed with the sound quality until I happened to stumble on the EQ settings in the Alexa app.  I didn't think it existed.  Still, used alone in a room, it's not exceptional.  I use two in a room and it's much better.  Don't expect to use Apple Music on this thing, though.  Yes, you can integrate it, but good luck getting it to work as it is supposed to.  Unless you put EVERYTHING on playlists and opt to solely listen to that, you won't be happy.  It will NOT play your head real library.  I spent and hour with Amazon support on this.  They couldn't figure it out.  I then went to Apple for another hour or so.  No luck.  They told me it's something in the programming on Amazon's end.  Alone refunded me the Apple Music subscription. This isn't an isolated incident.  If you search it in a search engine, you'll see it's common.  Sirius XM works selectively.  Alexa doesn't recognize all channel names.  You get what you pay for.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Two ok but the third had a bad connector.	3	January 27, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Love the echo dots. Bought the 4 thinking it would have a better sound. Not hearing any difference. It was a little more money but if I were to buy again, I would buy the dot 3, if available. It appears that I have to yell at the 4 more than the 3. Does not seem to be as receptive to commands.	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I followed the instructions to the letter on the phone to try to get the app to activate the echo dot.In trying, it asked for a credit card number (weird because it was supposed to be free) and it refused the card number.  Later in the day, I received notice from the bank saying the card had been compromised by a date service which was really stupid.  After having to get another card, the echo dot went in the garbage!	1	September 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Some people have no problem letting Alexa “listen “ for commands and questions. I do. It’s fun and kind of a gimmick. It was gift. I would never buy one. Sound quality is average	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Day 2 of using the new dot.  Pro's:  The sound quality is much better and the new dot has a great range in volume.  The speaker sounds crisp and not distorted.  Con's: There is a delay in voice commands and at times the action requested is not completed.  Example:  Asking Alexa to skip a song on a playlist, the song stops and the music is not restarted.  Asking Alexa to play a radio station and the station does not play and several seconds later no station is played.  I end up using my app to play music versus using voice commands. So far my rating would be a 3.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Fun but needs technology upgrade. Functional use is poor.	3	January 26, 2022	1
Echo Dot	As far as the echo device and Alexa functionality is concerned, this latest generation echo is top notch.But these echo devices are increasingly looking cheap(er).Some major usability gripes:1. The +/- buttons are thin that you have to be look closely to press the correct button.2. I understand that you can control everything with voice. But I do use the physical buttons often. In this model, the button are on the same side as a power cable. So if you device is against the wall with power cord hidden, then the buttons are also party hidden. Its annoying. The buttons on the older device were right on top and easy to access.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is slow to respond to voice commsnds	3	January 29, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Doesn't work very good.	2	September 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I liked the echo dot but the sound quality is not so great, when you turn it up a bit over half the volume it tends to sound like static. Certain songs don't sound so great, I love loud music I wish this was a bit louder as well, volume isn't too high.	3	August 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wish the folks who program the voice recognition on this thing could do a better job of making it recognize human speech. It is beyond belief that my Alexa is so bad at the only way of commuicating with it.	3	September 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We were a little disappointed by the sound quality on this one. Purchased to replace a First Gen Echo that we paid 3x as much for about 4 years ago. I realize this one was far less expensive but I didn’t expect the quality of the speaker to be so much less than our old one. It works just fine and is a perfect little speaker for our smaller front room. Our original first gen speaker was on the fritz but seemed to recover itself by the time we got this intended replacement delivered. We decided to keep the older one in our bigger Great Room and just use this little guy in a smaller room.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We got this to replace a first generation dot we had. We often use ours to make lists, for reminders, and to set timers. This new one has been disappointing when it comes to timers. It will sometimes have the timer not go off at all, other times it silently goes off with just the light, when the timer goes off and we tell it to turn off, it says there are no active timers (even though one is actively ringing). I actually stopped using it for a timer all together which is disappointing because that is one of the main functionalities we use it for. Maybe ours is just a “lemon”	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have 5 of these and the ones purchased previously sound great, but recent purchases have poor sound quality. I have placed side by side with ones purchased a month ago and there is a huge sound difference. The newer one has almost no bass, you can even feel the difference if you pick them up, one has a vibration from the bass and the other almost none. I am on the 3rd replacement in a week, I will receive the next one in a few days, if its better I will update, but I feel they are mass producing and skimped on sound quality or switched manufactures or something, build quality has gotten worse. When I turn the bass all the way up and down with ones from December there is a noticeable difference, the ones purchased in mid Jan have little to know differences in bass, but tremble and mid work fine. I received another and used a decibel meter, the quality of the third replacement was poor compared to previous Echo Dot bout last month. I am not happy with the sound quality at all..	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"Although the Dot could be fussy about adding other devices it worked fairly well. I had to change my wifi password and could not get it to connect again. I tried every suggestion multiple times and spoke to three different associates via chat. Every time they asked me to try connecting my Dot my chat session would end. The last person I spoke to ""Kris"" said that it would have to be replaced. Unbeknownst to me it was almost exactly the same time as my warranty period, ended March 16. I thought it would be simple to update the password otherwise I wouldn't have messed around with it for over a week. He offered me a discount and a gift card. Of course after checking prices and trying to go back to the chat it was closed. No record of my chat with Kris or the previous two associates. Realistically from the time it was ordered, received and I changed my password it was less than a year. Absolutely ridiculous that it was functional until something as simple as a password change."	1	March 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	the sound is poor, I had an original Alexa smart speaker, the sound was wonderful,  this one has poor sound, guess I will have to go with a different one in the future.	3	October 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This echo dot 4th gen worked fine for the first 8 or 9 months.  The sound quality was okay but not as good compared to other echo devices I have.  About 1 month ago I ran into an issue where the dot would freeze up upon the first command each morning.  It required me to reset it to get it working again.  First contact into customer support they said it was a known issue with the firmware and a patch would be released.  A few weeks later with the same problems I wrote into support again, and went through a process of re-registering the echo dot.  Problems persisted.  Third contact to support, same solution.  Other echo devices have not had these problems.  Don't get the 4th gen dot.	2	October 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I ask it a question and it answers than it won't answer again until it sits for awhile	3	December 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I woke up yesterday morning to find my Alexa dot 4th gen in what is called the orange ring of death. It will not connect to any new or existing networks.I have googled every hack and trick and this device is dead. I have had it six months and I’m being told by amazon it is out of warranty.I have factory reset it 11 times, unplugged it for a day and have tried to select new networks for the device about 20 times. This is now a very expensive paperweight…I have a plethora of other Alexa and Alexa compatible devices in my home to make it a smart home feel.  This is the only one that has gone down. I’m just annoyed its the one on my desk..The amazon rep didn’t understand my issues after explaining them multiple times and told me there is nothing they can do.  Just buyer beware and if its an option get a warranty on this guy, I have four other devices out of warranty I guess I will just wait for them to die too.	1	February 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I use my echos frequently and there are some things that ruin the experience. I understand why Amazon wants to do these things, but I don't understand why declining once... or 25 times is not enough.1. Suggestions and ""by the way..."" I'm not interested in hearing about features and new services and I find it irritating that this thing is frequently talking to me about things other than what I asked for. I have it setup for brief interactions, with do not disturb on, and I still get this garbage multiple times a day2. Requesting to learn my voice. No Amazon, you do not need to know my voice, Stop Asking! How many times do I have to say no? Amazon knows enough about me3. Stop asking to set up car mode or link to my bluetooth headset. I'm not interested. Again, how many times do I have to decline. I use the app frequently when I get into the car, and once it connects to my stereo via Bluetooth I have to click several times to get out of the driving mode setupOverall this is a great device, but if it could stop doing these things I would use it more. The accompanying app is pretty terrible, and I would prefer to never use it"	1	December 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"My Echo Dot was purchased on Prime Day, so not very long ago.  It has issues.  It often does not understand when I ask it to play a playlist from Amazon Music, even when named exactly as it is listed.  It does not loop.  It will say ""on loop"", but will not actually loop the music, but will stop maybe an hour after it begins.  I'm very disappointed in my purchase.Update:  Tech support told me to unplug the Echo Dot for a bit and plug it back in. Which I did. And to their credit it worked. However…. About two days later it needed to be unplugged again. And then again. And then again. And every few days I am unplugging and and replugging and it’s getting so OLD!  I adjusted my review from 2 stars to 1 because of this repeated issue. I do not recommend the Echo Dot unless you are a glutton for punishment."	2	July 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Mala calidad de audio, modelos previos con mejor calidad de audio.	2	August 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I asked Alexa to play Andrea bocelli and played one song and then went to Frank Sinatra I asked it another question it said I can't help you with that guess what I unplugged it I'm sorry I ever got it good thing I didn't buy it it was a gift a total waste I can turn my own lights on and off and I can use Google to get information and I can look out the window to get the weather	2	February 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I really wanted to love it, and watched reviews and really researched the upgrades before purchasing. The disappointment is massive on this. The sound quality is so bad that i thought maybe it was me hearing it wrong. This boasts an upgraded sound with better speakers and bass but it was untrue. At its loudest, it it apx at the same volume as a 7 on the 3rd gen. The sound is too sharp and changing the levels only helps a smidge. This has more trouble hearing me and i found myself repeating requests way too often. The base lights are hard to see especially if you have it on a wall mount so you can't visually see if it heard you. i tried using it in 2 rooms and the sound was poor in both and the microphone was just as bad in both. I DO NOT recommend this to anyone who already has the 3rd gen. The reviews all said the sound was better but maybe it was for the full echo and not the dot. I gave it a chance but had to return it.	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I read the reviews that said the sound quality was bad, and honestly I assumed these people had to be super particular about their music because how could Amazon actually produce something with sound quality *that* bad, right? No. I was wrong. These were probably normal people who like their music to sound like the song does on the radio.The only reason it got two stars is because the Alexa technology is still solid, and if you were only ever playing music in a small room or office space with the volume low, you might be fine.If you ever want to turn up the music to half or full volume, just don’t. The sound quality is distorted so badly and it sounds horrible. Even the Alexa announcements sound staticky and not clear. I am returning this product and ordering the regular Echo 4th gen. I have loved so many Alexa products but WOW this one was a disappointment even for the joe-average folks.	2	June 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I own a bunch of various echo devices. Generally speaking, they all work great.However, one of them disconnects from wifi every few hours.	3	November 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought 5 total echo dots. Setup was frustrating and took along time.  Put in vacation rental, but had to go through setup process between every guest’s stay. I finally pulled them all out. I rarely rate things or leave reviews unless I’m thrilled with a product. This time, I want to share my frustration to hopefully alleviate others from the same.On the good side, sound quality is no sonos, but it is exceptionally good for a little bitty speaker. And they’re pretty cute, you know, for sitting on an end table or where ever.  When working, the Alexa component did very well.I also purchased an Amazon Fire TV at the same time. The Alexa features integrated fairly well, but I was hoping that the speakers would also link up to the TV sound. I wasn’t expecting surround sound, but at the least I was expecting that the speakers would be able to play the TV sound.I hope this is helpful.	2	August 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	If it worked I’m sure I would like it. It randomly stopped working one day, and will not reconnect to the internet no matter what troubleshooting is performed. When I reached out to Amazon for a replacement they tried to make me go through an hour of troubleshooting steps before they would provide a replacement which no one has time for. Very disappointed in the customer service and device quality.	1	October 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This worked perfectly fine for me, mostly as an alarm clock and to check the weather. I liked it.Then after only 4 months of use it started randomly turning the microphone off. When it does this it makes a sound and gets a red ring of light - so it wakes me up.I tried multiple resets and gave it a few days and when nothing worked I contacted Alexa support. I got a bot which told me to do resets, and I did. Then I got a human that told me to do resets, and I did. When that didn't work I was told to buy a new product. That's... Definitely not going to happen.Based on the extremely limited warranty it seems they know this is a junky product and won't last long.	1	June 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you have a wifi connection accessible through a captive portal then don't buy these echo dot products as they do not have an option to connect through that channel. I tried many ways and even called customer service of Amazon. They were clueless as to how to connect the echo dot device through wifi having a captive portal gateway. The service representative kept telling me to reset the router which was not in my control as I live in a community apartment where access to manipulate the wifi is not provided. As a fact, all other devices at home were able to connect to the same wifi. No description is given in the manual or on the website about how to use the device where such issues exist.	1	July 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you're replacing.a small form factor device like a dot with this, note that this comes with a big ugly A/C power brick which may be obtrusive in a bathroom for example.	3	October 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was excited to get my new echo dot, however I was disappointed by the quality of the sound. It reminds me of listening to music through a “ AM” station. There seems to be no bass and if I have my fan on in the room, Alexa doesn’t hear me.  I guess I should have known better... never buy the 1st model. I love my echo dot 3rd Gen and was going to get another, but figured I would spend a little more and get the “ newest” model. I wish I hadn’t spent the extra $$I like the look of it, just not the sound quality.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes Alexa doesn't answer you back.	3	January 31, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I use these echo dots daily for multiroom music at an office. Four out of five times they work fine, but commonly a few won't play randomly, or will stop playing randomly. The solution is not clear. I try unplugging all of them, re-setting the router, and doing everything the app tells me to do. Eventually they will all work again. The previous generation echo dots did this more frequently.	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It looks nice however it doesn't work like the others. I'm constantly having to reset it to get it to understand what we are saying and respond. In less that a year, the inner parts have messed up and when it does happen to play music, it rattles the whole time. Tried contacting customer service so I could try and replace it as it doesn't even show up as an option on trade in, and they were absolutely no help. Said they could do nothing and that they addressed my concerns and left the chat. Was planning on buying a couple more echos but seeing as they aren't willing to assist or help in any way, I think im done with echos.	1	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I replaced a 2nd gen dot with the 4th gen dot, I noticed that the 2nd gen was able to pick up commands better than the gen 4 model. sound was equal for both models. I also have a 3rd gen model and appearance wise the gen 2 and 3 offer a nice discrete appearance that allows placing them any ware while the gen 4 is big and bulky and no additional features.	2	March 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I own echo dot gen 3and I was VERY excited to try gen 4. However, it is quite disappointing, the voice recognition is ok. But the sound quality is horrendous, even Alexa sounds different. I will keep it because I can’t wait until 2021 to get another gen 3. Also it feels cheaper than gen 3 so... if you can get gen 3 instead of 4, do it."	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Wanted to play music,  unaware it had commercials	3	January 10, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Bought different echos on sale and this is the only one that would not connect; just kept coming up with errors and directing me to the echo app which put me back in an endless, useless loop. Tried to return the product and it would not let me until I spoke with a troubleshooting service rep, but continued to say no rep was available. SOOOOOO...... the return window closed and I'm stuck with a sphere of garbage. Do not recommend. Amazon customer service is going downhill fast.	1	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have an older hockey puck Echo Dot which has great sound for it size. After I saw this design I thought this has to be even have better sound. But to my disappointment the sound quality is quite bad. I even tried fussing around with the equalizer. I got it to sound a little better but it is a step backwards from the previous generation in sound quality.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"At 3/4 volume I have to shout to make her listen - seems worse than gen 3.  She's pretty loud at max volume but overall I would not say sound is a significant improvement over gen 3. buttons are worse than gen 3 and difficult to clean around buttons because it is fabric all over...  for this review Amazon asks ""How is alexa integation?""  Huh?  that is like asking is water wet?  Larger, more difficult to clean, marginally better sound and mediocre listening.  Still this thing does a lot and like gen 3 it pleases me most of the time."	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Just less than 2 months of use and now I get ""thermostat doesn't support that!""  Well you did for almost 2 months so what gives now?  Tells me the temp and what mode its in (cool or heat) but won't adjust temp for me up or down yet it works manually on the app.  Just won't work with voice commands on the app or Dot.  I've done all the deleting and defaults and resets, get the same thing ""doesn't support that""!!!!  Even unplugged the Dot, same results.  Prime member, use Amnazon all the time, looked at this for convenience and price, second thoughts now.  Should have gone with Apple."	1	August 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is terrible on this device. I can say “Alexa” multiple times within feet of the device and it will remain silent. I live in a small apartment and I basically have to yell to make it light up.	1	November 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality is poor equivalent to a 15$ Bluetooth speake. Interaction is fair to good . .  What is that I don't get is the white  wire and  power plug .  Is a nice trinket .	2	June 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I initially liked this, but after awhile it just stops playing music for awhile, then starts up again. This is the older black model, I have 2 newer blue/gray models that do not have this problem. I have moved them around to make sure it was an issue with this one device, and it is. Ordered in Dec 2021, so too late to return, says possible replacement up until early 2023, but no instructions on how to do that. I would stay away from this model.	1	September 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love Alexa and have a many devices but the problem is that I cannot reset orFix with the app because I cannot identify just by the app description	3	November 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My house is full of Alexa/Echo devices. I purchase the new Echo Dot to replace one of my Gen 1 devices.  The device is great BUT I ordered it in Black Echo Dot and I received it with a White power cord, not cool.Not sure what I can do to get the power cord replaced.  At this time the device is in my garage where no one can see it.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is not very deep on the bass side of things.  Otherwise, works quite well.	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Of you like to listen music on your Alexa device , this is definitely downgrade from dot 3th gen.	2	July 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I know the audio is supposed to be clearer in the 4th gen, and it is.  But i'm giving this 4th gen 3 stars because the audio for music is terrible.  The bass and mids aren't very good and it just seems like it's mainly highs. I adjusted the bass/mids/treble and it starts to distort if you add too much bass/mids, so you basically have to leave everything at default setting.  The 3rd gen sounds much better for music and Alexa sounds clear and loud enough for me on the 3rd gen.  I'm only keeping it because it performs better at recognizing the wake up word than the 3rd gen.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This was a gift from my son.  It is ok, but I really don't use it often as I feel I don't need to use it.  I think this is more for someone who can't get around to do things, or can't play their own music; records, tapes, and they can ask Alexa to play a song they want to hear.  Honestly, this is not for me.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We purchased this item in July 2021. It has since stopped working a few months ago. The blue light just stays on and does not respond as if it is frozen. I have attempted to unplug and restart the device but this has not worked. I have three echo devices and this has been the first one with an issue.	2	April 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Finally received mine today and I was very unimpressed, I have the 3rd gen dot already and decided to test them both out side by side.What I have noticed:The 3rd gen is faster like turning my lights off and on or responding to questions by a few secondsThe 3rd gen has much better sound quality with fuller more premium sound and bass unlike the 4th gen that sounds honestly cheap and unimpressive like cheap earbuds.(I even adjusted the audio settings on the 4th gen didn't improve much still not as good at the 3rd gen unadjusted)I enjoy the new design of the 4th gen it's something new to look at and the lighting on the base is nice as well, but the 3rd gen still has the edge it's so much more compact and fits nicely into spaces without well being a ball and personally I enjoy the ability to but a figure ontop or the 3rd gen.I will give the 4th gen a chance and will keep it for a week or two and update here if anything improves but will most likely still be returning.	2	November 27, 2020	0
Echo Dot	So far, this and the Sengled light I bought together have been terrible most of the time. I have a previous dot I'm thinking about going back to. I want to chuck this and the bulb as far as I can and then run them over with my car.	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The media could not be loaded.	3	May 2, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"No better to me than the 3rd generation. The base is no better. The recognition of the ""wake"" word is far worse. I ""assumed"" the next generation would improve on the previous, but I don't see it. Also, it is bigger, so it takes up more space on a cramped counter. I just thought if it is bigger, it would have had more space inside, allowing a bigger speaker and thereby better sound."	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love the features of the Echo and the ability to add skills.  Unfortunately, I have had two occasions now where I was forced to reboot the device because it became unresponsive.  One of those reboots was for an alarm, which had negative consequences.  Other than that, I am extremely happy with the device so far.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I traded out my FIRST GENERATION Echo Pluses for two of these FOURTH GENERATION Echos. The sound quality was terrible in comparison to a model released YEARS ago. They did respond to my voice commands at more rapid rate, but for music, I feel like I just did a massive downgrade. The same goes for the Echo Dot 3 vs. 4. The entire 4th generation of Echo speakers seems like crap to me and I am so incredibly disappointed in Amazon. This makes me want to switch to Google smart speakers. I hope the next generation redeems these product lines.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Gen 3 worked and sounded better then the Gen 4 I think. Alexa is so muted and quite on the Gen 4 and was clear and loud on the Gen 3.  Music plays well and sounds good on the Gen 4 but no difference on the Gen 3.  I love my Alexia devices but disappointed in my Gen 4 Dot.	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Seems like a step in the wrong direction for this product. Set up was remarkably easy, beyond that needed to prompt Alexa at least 3 times from 6 feet away just to accept a command. Sound quality compared with the 3rd generation proved disappointing to say the least. While neither is great, the 3rd gen offers a pleasant well rounded sound ideal for general ambient music compared with the shrill, bass less sound of the 4th generation which also distorts quite a bit at louder volume. Mine might be defective for all I know, but sending back for a few more 3 gen models once they're in stock.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We have a few of the 3rd Generation Dots and loved them. I was going to get more for the holidays but they were out of stock so decided to get the 4th Generation Dot. It works most of the time but on occasion the device is unresponsive and has to be unplugged and plugged back in.You can feel a difference in the weight, i prefer the heavier 3rd Gen but this is just a preference.Sound quality is definitely lower than expected. I definitely prefer the sound of the the 3rd gen, even the wife and kids (who usually aren't so picky about sound quality)  have noticed the difference.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The voice recognition on this echo version is awful. We have to say everything 3-5 times for her to get it correct and now the speaker is full of static when trying to play music. I’ve called customer service 4 times and each time get disconnected. To the garbage this goes.	1	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this in December 2021 and put in to use in January 2022.  Had to contact customer service a couple of times about it not working properly.  Kept getting told to deactive and reactive device, which I did.  After having to do this more and more as time went on I attempted to have it replaced and not just allow tech to tell me all I need to do is reset.  I shouldn't have to reset an electronic device this new.  Finally, October 2021 I had enough of having to do this multiple times throughout the day and checked my order page.  It said it was out of the return window but could be replaced through December 17, 2021.  After being on chat for what seemed like an eternity I was basically told I lied and made to send a screenshot of that information (which I did) and the ultimate let down was when I was told that's not true and they could make a one time exception and offer me a 15% discount on a new device???  No, thanks!  I already paid for one that works!!!!!  Customer service really going downhill at Amazon in my opinion.  I've been a valued, loyal prime member for YEARS and I've seen it gradually dissipate.  Sad.	1	October 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This thing is garbage. I would say less than 20% of the time it gives me the answer for what I asked. The other 80% it either listens but never responds or gives an answer that has absolutely nothing to do with what I asked. This product is a waste of money and I will be getting another Google home instead.	1	October 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Don’t wast your money on this new 4th Gen Echo. 9 times out of 10 it doesn’t respond. I have to raise my voice even if I’m only 2-3 feet away. The sensor that picks up on when Alexa is said is not nearly as sensitive or is not placed well in this new version. I absolutely hate it. I have 4 of the 3rd Gen Echo Dots in my house and wish I had bought a fifth instead of this awful 4th Gen. I’m going to have to buy another 3rd Gen and toss this 4th Gen in the garage where it belongs. I wish I had saved the box. I would definitely have sent it back. Very disappointing. I thought the new Gen would be an improvement over the 3rd Gen, but sadly it’s not. Their product improvement team needs to do much much better.Update 12/21/2020: about a half hour after posting this review I received a call from Amazon customer service. They told me they have had many complaints about the 4th Gen Echo Dot. Same issue, you have to yell at it to hear you. I had already thrown out the box, but they let me return it anyway for a full refund. I was impressed that they proactively called me and admitted there have been a lot of voice detection issues with this model. UPS came and picked it up at no cost to me. They know they messed up with this one but go out of their way to make it right for the customer.	1	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"I have several other echo's and they were all easy to configure.  This one was more difficult to configure for some reason.  I have no idea what I did differently.  Another issue I had was setting the speaker up to be in my ""everywhere"" group.  It would not work no matter what I did.  The next day when I started trying again, it worked the first time without me doing anything.  I guess it takes a few hours for it to identify with the other speakers in that group."	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not really an upgrade to the previous gen.  New design seemed to hamper Alexa sensitivity.  I prefer the older one.	3	November 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I could not get this item to work.  I went through all the steps twice and then it said something along the lines that there was a problem and to try again later. It was able to hear me and understand me through all the steps to get it started so I don’t know what the problem is. When I tried to get customer service to help through a chat they asked me some questions and when it was their turn to reply they asked for a credit card. I don’t know if I was chatting accidentally with some third-party and not proper tech support because I didn’t call the right number for Echo Dot but I couldn’t find any other number and it made me think it was a scam to get people to pay for Customer Service to help get it going (Since the product was provided free through a Sirius Satellite promotion)	1	May 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It doesn't work well with the echoes so I say get one or the other I have to repeat myself several times	3	November 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This device disconnects from WiFi weekly and isn’t easy to reconnect. I often have to unplug it a couple times and sometimes even have to set it up like a new device again. Doesn’t always hear. The sound is good for me. Attractive design. Nice light but needs improvement for functionality. I also have a Google Home and have no problems with it.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I received this as a gift ( I already have an older version) I spent all day trying to set it up including being on the phone with Amazon for over 30 minutes until they decided the unit was defective and replaced it. I received a new and again have tried to set it up - spending several hours with all the same issues.  I will be returning this one as well and sticking with the older version that I have never had an issue with.  There has to be a better way to set these up. The app is awful.	1	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	works like it should	3	January 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Will not pair with a 3rd generation echo dot. Very, very disappointed.Update 07/10/2021: things continue to get worse and worse with Echo devices. Groups don’t show up. It will say it’s playing music when it’s not. I can’t even describe how bad the whole experience has gotten. Support is non existent as well. I used to be a huge Alexa/Echo fan until they got sloppy.Another update 03/13/2022: Alexa no longer seems to have any comprehension at all. I seriously have no clue what Amazon is doing, but it’s nothing positive!	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It might be something I did, but at the moment Music is at a good level, I can barely hear Alexa, and the commercials are blasting out.  To be fair I haven't had time to see if this can be fixed.  Started out all at the same level, not sure what changed it.  Never had this problem with my echo dot 2nd gen.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I bought this less than a year ago and it stopped working properly.  It drops connections all the time and we have to reset it manually on a daily basis.It is sad to buy an Amazon created item to have this type of quality.I do have to say I have 4 and the only one dropping is this one... but when I contacted Amazon all they said is ""I can give you 25% off if you trade it in... or 15% off your next purchase of you keep it""Disappointed on Amazon's resolution for this.The rating is more on amazon than the product because it is 1 out of the four that stopped working."	2	November 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"I have 5 echo devices. A Show 8, Show 5, 1st Gen tall cylinder echo, an echo flex, and now this 4th gen. I used the trade in program to ""upgrade"" my first gen, as ironically its microphone worked too well and it would always pick up commands when they were intended for the Show 5 in my kitchen. I sort of regret it now. The new echo dots sound barely outperforms my echo flex, and the echo flex speaker I had to disable for music because of how bad it was. Kind of shocked, given that listening to this device is pretty much the entire purpose."	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Loved the idea , but google answers way more , Alexa on this device likes to not respond and just stop listening , then you ask a question and she sends a link to the answer on your phone that read , if I wanted to read , I wouldn’t have asked Alexa	2	April 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We got these to replace the google devices.  The dots work fine, but it does not seem to understand questions or requests as well as the google.  Getting them to work in a group also is more difficult than the google equivalent.  An example would be “what is the current weather outside?” It would give us weather in some other country (even though it was set up with our current location). For the price it is fine and I have a feeling once we spend more time with it, it will become easier to manage just like our google system did.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Review Update 12/28/2020: Amazon’s customer service gave me a call shortly after posting the review below trying to resolve my issue. Steven W. in the ‘echo department’ assured me the 4th generations sound was much better and sent me a replacement immediately! Thank you for that!! Customer service was on point, however the product still didn’t meet my expectations. Sound quality still isn’t as good as the 3rd generation. Kudos to Amazon customer service for taking pride in their product though. If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.——————————————————-This will become a Christmas Gift for someone I don't like. Packaged nicely, cool new design, felt like something you'd expect from an Echo Device....Until I heard it.I was very disappointed, I almost wonder if there is something wrong with the one I received but then I remembered there is the same version supposedly featuring upgraded sound. My question now is, Does it have and upgraded sound or does the less expensive version have a degraded sound? I've also have several issues with it responding to commands. Acts like it doesn't hear me say ""Alexa""."	2	December 10, 2020	0
Echo Dot	While this is a really amazing concept brought to reality, it is true to the fact that there is still a lot more improve and learn to finally say this is a worth having product. Sometimes I get frustrated having to repeat the very same thing up to 3 times just because the lady Alexa does not give enough time or it is preset to use only one response. All of that would be just fine, however the thing that really bothers me is how limited and tide to Amazons options it is. I would like to ask to search for things like I do in the browser, or listen to media and/or play audiobooks like I do in the browser, but that is just impossible, I hate having an advertising asking me to sign up for a Premium service. Not from me, I have better ways to spend my money than giving it to Amazon for a so-called premium service yet very limited.	2	June 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Receivers refuses to use as Alexa spies on u!	2	August 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"We replaced an echo dot with this because we were hoping for better speakers (it's in the livingroom). We actually think that the dot has better bass! And this one seems to have trouble ""hearing"" us. We have to get pretty close to it for it to respond. So, while it works, it isn't the step up we were hoping for."	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"While this Echo Dot definitely fixed the ""Bluetooth connection"" notification, the audio quality on this thing is poor.  The third generation Echo Dot has a better audio quality.  This one has no base and all treble (and this is after adjusting the audio setting on the Alexa app).  It sounds like it has some really cheap speakers in this thing.  Now I see why Amazon was selling it for $25."	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We bought 4 Alexa Echo Dots, each one has a different sound quality. We put them all next to each other, played the same song at same volume level off of each one and they all 4 sound different.  One is extremely boxy, muffled and sounds like a tin can, 2 sound okay with minimal bass,  and one sounds amazing with great bass and great sound quality!  All are 4th generation echo dots.  I just don't understand,  we bought more hoping to get the quality of our 1st one because we thought the other ones were defective.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Electrónica mente bien, pero la emboltura y alexa superior sucias con huellas de mugre alguien la abrió y la toco con manos muy muy sucias no supe como devolverla por que yo pague por algo nuevo no sucio además es pequeña	2	June 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality is low occasionally had to repeat myself forward to respond always needs to update itself sometimes need to unplug it and replug it in to get it to work correctly,	3	October 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It seemed like an easy purchase.  Download the app, follow some simple instructions, enjoy Alexa.  Nope.  First, my phone was unable to download the app due to an IP problem, which I had never had any before.  The second time I was prompted for a credit card number to confirm my purchase (??) and then I was instructed to contact customer service.  Somebody comes online to talk me through my problem.  Thinking this would be over soon, I obliged.  The next thing I know, I am being put in touch with tech support, being told my internet has been breached and that I need to update my firewall settings and adopt some kind of a yearly internet cleaning program, all of which services the Alexa company conveniently offered at a reasonable rate.  Furious, I pulled the plug on my Alexa device without even need to bring her name up.  Moral of story:  nothing is ever as easy or as good as it seems.	1	March 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"While this device is nice and seems to stay better connected to my home Internet, I am not the happiest with:*  The sound quality doesn't have the base notes the 3rd generation did*  I do not like the light on the bottom of the device.  I can't tell where my volume is set.*  The 3rd generation was compact.  While this is still ""small"" it's a round ball so sets higher.  Being I have this on my bathroom countertop, space is everything."	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We were very pleased with our Echo Dot, but we expected it last longer than 10 months. At that point, it stopped responding half of the time, just sitting there with a spinning blue light. This quickly turned into an all-the-time thing, even after being unplugged and restarted. Eventually, I decided to do a full reset, but now I can't even get it set up again. It won't recognize my wifi or my phone. Set up mode is just a spinning orange light, and the device is completely useless.	2	January 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Purchased this some time ago and it continues to cause problems.  The device loses connectivity with my router. It has done this since new.  I have moved it to several locations that WORK with my other dots but not this one.  Once connected it works fine but refuses to reconnect on its own without being powered off and back on.  Didn't buy this to sit next to my router. doubt if amazon cares about that. save your money or buy another version.	2	January 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	That's just it, other than telling it to pair with my iPhone and and play from my play  list or asking the time/weather, I don't know what or how to ask for anything. It is not as simple and one is led to believe.  You see I'm a senior that has already retired and I've lost most of my tech skills. Programming the thing on my computer or iPhone is not something you do everyday and it is HARD !!!!	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I thought I would get the echo dot to play Pandora (my custom channels). First issue was finding the real version of Alexa to download (evidently the first option was a scam - new credit card on the way now). Once I had Alexa set up, found out I had to use the pay version. I'm fine with the free version with commercials. I guess if I had several automated home appliances Alexa might be helpful. She has told me the weather, and the same joke three days in a row... Not sure why I signed up for this.	1	August 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We love that she plays music, her reminder function, general conversation. Negative traits:doesn't always understand our instructions. Can she learn from her mistales?	3	November 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Right out of the box, I was excited. I got an Echo Dot 3 just over a year ago and have loved it ever since. I was really looking forward to upgrading to the Echo Dot 4. Set up was a breeze. Voice recognition is great. Only downside of it is the absolutely TERRIBLE audio quality. My Echo Dot 3 sounds MILES better than the 4. I played around with the audio settings in the app, didn’t help at all. The 3 is superior than this rushed junk. Save your money and just buy a Gen 3 rather than the Gen 4, your ears will thank you.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Smh I have to unplug it every few days for it to work properly.  It repeats my request it just doesn't preform it. Sound quality it ok nothing major to be honest.  My 2nd generation Alexa device works way better than this on honestly.  But I went through 2 refurbished 4th Gen so I'm just going to keep this one and unplug it every few days	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Let me start by saying this is my fifth echo Dot device. I’ve had sufficient success with previous generations and thought the latest would be even better. This being the fourth generation and most current, I expected it to be the best. And when I first used it, it performed in very similar fashion but with notably better sound quality. But after a few months I started to experience intermittent connectivity problems. These problems became more frequent and I attempted to seek a replacement from Amazon. However Amazon informed me that the warranty expired after 90 days. In this day and age, a 90 day warranty for an electronic device is unusually short. This will discourage me from making further Amazon echo purchases. My advice for others is to check the warranty so you have a clear understanding of what Amazon will or will not allow as far as seeking replacements for defective items."	2	May 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have so many different Apple products and I have never never had as much trouble as I did setting this echo dot up . First they refuse to take my Wi-Fi password which I know is correct because all my seven other devices are connect to the same Wi-Fi with the same password and they work so after about 45 minutes of that not working I finally got to connect via mobile hotspot on my great let’s test this thing out but then I don’t work  I linked my Apple Music to it and the Alexa app shows it’s linked but the echo dot says it’s not .Tech-support is no help they don’t even listen to what you say. Don’t waste your money I got it for 9.99 and it’s not even worth that so I see why they’re giving out coupons.	1	May 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	You would expect the 4th generation to be better than the generation it replaced, but it is NOT.  It has trouble recognizing a voice or command in a quiet room standing right next to it.  The 3rd Generation model in my bedroom can hear me in the next room with the TV on.  You would expect to get at least that with the new generation.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not even a year old only works intermittently called tech support was told to buy a new one only has 90day warranty but hey we will offer a 15%discount. Don't waist your money amazon the wal mart of on line	3	September 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Needed a new Alexa and decided to risk the gen 4 (our house has a show, gen 3 and 2). So, Was the few extra bucks worth the extra space the gen 4 takes up? Answer: if you aren’t doing it for the aesthetic, don’t bother. The only noticeable improvement is the blue ring dimming to match the ambient brightness of the room. Sound quality is the same as gen 3. The only reason I’m not regretting paying more for this is because the orb vibe matches the room it’s in	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa doesn’t always know what I am asking.	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I have seen these work great at my son's home and thought it would be great for us old people to use. It's very frustrating for someone who does not use technology often, me! I can see how it works great so my review is more to the older generations that does not use tech often. Being patient is a must.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Lasted just long enough to get out of warranty. Worked out to be about. $15.00 a month. Tech support had me unplug and plug in a dozen times put me on hold a couple times. Just to let me know it don’t work. Would have never figured that out without there help	1	October 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you want to listen to music it is way too “bassie!” No mid or high range. I guess it’s cool if you want to sit around and tell her what songs you want to hear all day. It does cute little things like tell you the temperature in the morning or whatever you want to do. Wakes you up. Bottom line, it’s more of a toy than a useful item from my perspective. I understand it will lock your doors, turn off your lights etc. I guess if you were that lazy you might like this. Otherwise, I say save your money	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Very handy BUT w limitations especially the sound quality. I have other bluetooth speakers for the same price, or lower that have much better audio. Their also isn't, to my knowledge any controls where you can adjust the table, bass etc. But as a time it works like a champ!	3	August 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is... my 7th or 8th Echo device.  I love the functionality and ecosystem, but unfortunately not this particular device.  It seems like the sound quality has taken a major hit on this device, even when compared to the 3rd generation Echo Dot.  Wait for the next generation instead of getting this one, or pick up a 3rd gen dot if sound quality is important to you.	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The reason for 3 stars is because of the way it was packaged and damaged on arrival. As soon as I saw it was in a bag (no plastic bubble lining inside) I knew the box was going to be damaged. It’s working fine...so far. Big improvement with sound over my 1st Edition Alexa Echo. I am disappointed with the white cord. My old Echo had the black cord. Unfortunately, that plug-in isn’t the same on the new Echo. I think it defeats the reason for choosing the sleek black model only to have this white cord that is so obviously out of place with the black model.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	My oringal dot hears you even if you whisper Alexa this one on the other hand you have to really call her loud an even then sometimes she dont respond idk i think maybe this one a lil hard of hearing ima send it back and get another one	3	August 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is a great product that has a major flaw. The microphone seems to have taken a few steps down because me and my wife have to yell at it for it to pick me up. Worst part is it's on my nightstand 3 feet from me. On top of that we have to enunciate our words to get the commands right.Unfortunately this causes frustration for so I had to take down a few stars overall for the product. Maybe the next generation will be better.EDIT: Dropped review to 2 stars because I swapped my 4th gen for my old 3 gen in my bedroom. Both me and my wife are relieved because we don't have to yell at it anymore for it to hear us. The microphone in the 4th gen really is terrible.	2	September 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Sometimes I have to yell to get her to hear me. Both units I purchased have the same deficiency. However, the price was right.	2	July 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought two of these  - one to simply listen to music  or whatever in the dining room and it replaced an older version.  I think that the sound is better, a bit more richer.  The other dot was to be a speaker for a TV but unfortunately, it only connects via bluetooth and the other TV requires a manual connection.  I have a third echo dot as a computer speaker now.  It replaced an old Echo.  The performance of the Dot is spotty at best and connects whimsically to my PC!  I took a star away.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love my Echo Dots, I have 3 now but the last one I ordered was a black one and it came with a white electrical cord. I could understand if I had ordered a blue one and it came with a white cord but the white cord with the black echo dot looks bad.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The new model is very nice looking but so much is worse than the previous models in design! This new model is so hard to see the lights on when trying to talk to your device. It also does not hear as well as past designs. The controls on top of the device are so hard to see unless you are standing over it so don't put it up on a high shelf. Overall, the sound, microphone, visual cues, and functionality is not worth the price. Buy the older Echo Dots they are better!	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Yet everything was improved except for the sound quality.	3	January 1, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I just don’t think the sound is as good as my google devices	2	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I've owned 3 generations of echo dots, and always been pleasantly surprised by the sound quality and bass on such a small device, especially given the price. The newest 4th gen is notably lower quality audio despite the form factor actually being larger which is just odd. These have been a go to device for our house for smart object integration and listening to radio and music, and now I need to find an alternative because it's just not going to work for entertainment purposes any longer. Honestly wouldn't buy it if you're looking for a quality speaker.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is helpful for tracking your day to day life and staying up to date. However, this device has been having connectivity issues on and off (notified of it being offline while being away from home) for the past four days. Along with this problem, the ring light will not stop flashing white. Guard is not enabled on any of my devices and it continues to run.I have both the gen 3 and the gen 4 and I am going to just stick with the gen 3.	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Numerous issues with this generation of echo dot.  I have been an avid Echo user since the original beta program and have over 10 echos in my house. This 4th gen is by far the most buggy.  I have two dots (4th gen) that routinely have a spinning blue wheel for extended periods of time and continuously lose connection (they are in areas with strong wifi, and have the same issue when I move locations with other dots).	2	January 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"This model doesn't seem to recognize my voice commands nearly as well as my old generation dot.  I find myself having to speak louder in order for Alexa to respond.  Even then, it is obvious that Alexa is ""hearing"" my request wrong.  One example - this new Echo dot didn't hear my response, yet my older unit located over 30 feet away in second bedroom heard request loud and clear.Seems to have weaker bass response than older model too.  That being said,  it's nice having second Echo dot that I can place in a spare bedroom."	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Have older dots that worked ok. Saw this on sale for prime day. Didn’t actually install till after Aug 1st. Less than a month later, it can no longer connect to the internet. Tries restarting and resetting the device multiple times. Tech support basically made me do the same thing again and againWasted more than an hour on this junk of a  device and now have to UPS it to Amazon for warranty service.Save your money and buy the older dot	1	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love Alexa. It really changes the room. However the music is not all around and it really annoys me. Please amazon make this also for music.	3	October 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When I first got my Alexa I loved her! I even bought a fire tv so it could be easier to control and connect, same with the lights, but after a while she stoped working, like I was able to tell her to open Netflix and the she suddenly started saying that she cannot do that, so I just asked her to turn on/off the TV, after a while she no longer recognized my TV, I cannot tell her to turn on the TV, I have to say turn on FireTV. And I was kind of ok with that, but she didn’t do that before. Then the lights! I was able to control the color, the brightness, etc. and then she can no longer control that, and when I tell her to do something with the lights she replies that there no device named like that, but if I tell her to turn off the lights she says that they are on a different household! And I have no idea where that came from! I’ve tried everything, resetting her, unplugging, turn it off, make her forget devices to reconnect and nothing! I even talked to costumer care and they couldn’t fix that, they said they were gonna call me back, and they never did.IM SO FRUSTRATED. Thinking on getting something similar but from another brand, DEFINITELY.	1	September 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I don't like how loud it is at night so I half to whisper, to ask the time. And sometimes it doesn't pick up my voice. So I find myself repeating it two to three times	3	September 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I've encountered a few issues. (1.) I have had this for seven months, and this morning the speaker began crackling and continues to do so, distorting all sound. (2.) The volume tends to gravitate toward the low end of the spectrum and is difficult to regulate. (3.) Unless I am at the exact angle necessary, Echo does not ""hear"" me. We have some sort of Echo device in every room of the house, and this one is the only disappointment."	2	January 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you can get a different one this one sound is horrible	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This generation of the Echo Dot has a new design, but has a very noticeable difference in sound quality from previous generations. The bass is almost non existent and at low volumes is where the difference lies. My Echo Dot is used every night to play white noise while sleeping. The first night I placed it in our bedroom, my lady immediately asked if something was wrong with the sound. However, the sound quality is very comparable at max volume. I would recommend this version to anyone who is looking for a different design and doesn’t care for the much richer bass sound that the third generation possesses.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Our Alexa has stopped working after a year. She is in a safe spot where no one touches her… She just completely stopped listening to us. Maybe she’s getting sick and tired of us, I don’t know. But every time we ask her to play us a song or ask general questions, the blue ring light comes on but she doesn’t respond. And yes, volume is turned all the way up. I’ve tried everything… when we unplug her she seems to work for about 2 songs or questions then completely stops listening again after. Maybe she’s just lazy I don’t know. Maybe she’s getting too comfortable with us. Well, we don’t have the money to get a new one, but it would be nice if they could contact us and tell us how to fix this issue or if we should just hold a memorial for her… either way, I’ve tried contacting and no one can tell me anything. We miss having parties with her.	1	March 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Needs to be replaced in less than a year,	3	December 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is not that great. I have no idea why you would put a white cord with a black echo. It looks ridiculous and the cord is so short it doesn’t even reach anywhere.	3	September 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot		3	January 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Tener cuidado, si reproduces musica a su maximo volumen por un periodo de 1 hora se daña el parlante.	3	November 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Poor music quality- voices are more “crisp”, however, there is no bass for the music you listen to, we have e en adjusted the bass settings on the echo dot, and it has not improved the quality of the music. The dots we purchased last year on prime day are much better quality with sound, we prefer to use those instead of these new ones.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It muted itself and now I can’t give it voice commands or ask questions because I it won’t unmute but it has amazing sound quality"	3	January 13, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It is pretty much annoying to maximum level that I have purchased two of the 4th Gen Dots in CHARCOAL and they both came with WHITE power cords.  Is it really that difficult to include a color coordinated power cord????  Like every other dark colored Alexa device that comes with a black power cord.  So silly.2/5 stars simply because you cannot color coordinate on the Dot4s Amazon.	2	February 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So this echo dot was the worst one I have ever owned. I have them all over my house but this one I got to match my vanity and it has been nothing but problems. It kicks all my other things linked to Alexa so nothing ever turns off or on when asked (I have to use my phone or even reconnect the) many times when you ask her something the light will turn on blue and not move just stay lit and she won’t respond when. You say stop or cancel she stays lit with no response and if you don’t unplug her when this happens the light stays on until you do unplug it (I waited a whole day to see if it would turn off…nope!) I had Cancer this last year so calling to fix this was the last thing on my list on the app it said I had till Dec 17, 2021 to return it all reps told me the warranty was up. Luckily I had a rep that figured out how to help me. Needless to say this echo dot was a major disappointment (had to talk my husband down from switching to Google hopefully the new one sent will work so we keep the Alexa system)	1	November 30, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Love it	3	January 23, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I liked it to make announcements in all areas, turning on/off lights, as an alarm, answer to questions. I don’t like because one of them I bought will not keep a connection and is hard to get to reconnect. It’s out now due to a power outage and will not reconnect. Buy the extended warranty	2	April 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have six of the Echo Dots in my house (previous gen) and they work fine. I bought one of these thinking it would be an upgrade and if I liked it, I planned to upgrade them all. Suffice it to say I am glad I only bought one. They are attractive but my charcoal dot came with a blazingly white cable which means they are NOT attractive. The sound is better. For sure. Not a whole lot better. Just better. But what really blows is the ability of the new dot to recognize or even hear my voice. I did a test. I have to be twice as close to the new version of the dot in order to be heard and understood. It also doesn't do as well with background noise as the old one did. I put the new one out in my garage which is the one I use least. Live and learn. I am going to buy up a few more of the previous gens since they are cheap and will have them as backup in case I need a replacement.	2	November 5, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Really hard to hear !! the smallest echo is better.	2	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Got to say Alexa too many times before she’ll answer	2	July 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Misleading sound quality isn’t good at all, sounds like a brown paper bag!	2	July 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We have several echo products in our home and they work very well, except for this one, the microphone on it is poor; doesn’t pick up voice commands unless you’re looking straight at it and speaking loudly, it also takes longer to respond than the other devices	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have a few 3rd generation echo dot's and they are great, I love them.This 4th generation doesn't seem to be as responsive and I personally don't think that the sound is an improvement either to the point that I am returning the 4th generation one and replacing it with the good old 3rd generation dot.Maybe I was unlucky and got a bad one, I don't know.	3	June 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This is my first echo device.I'm so satisfied with it,I can control my lights and my tv with my voice and looking to add other devices.So, here's the catch...ask Alexa what model is she....I'm just as surprised as you are....She says she's the ""Echo Dot 4th Gen Kids edition"".... I didn't know that when I purchased it.  Other than that, I'm still playing with it.Just ordered the Echo 4th Gen for my bedroom....UPDATE....My Echo came in and wow...The audio difference..."	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Having purchased almost every alexa echo device out there with the exception of the video ones. I can confidently say this 4th Gen dot has a far worse sound quality than the previous 3rd Gen dot. I have compared both and my household and myself agree that this would make a great gift for a newer echo user. But having the 3rd Gen is a much better device and has a much more clear sound. The most frustrating part is it came with a white power cord that does not match the black/gray device at all it looks horrible.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Doesn’t always pair with my echo show	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this 4th generation Dot with higher expectations, but was disappointed. I have 2nd and 3rd generation Dots at home, and figured this would be better yet. The voice may be a little crisper than the previous 3rd generation, but the sound level is noticeably lower, and the bass is not enough. I like the looks and full sound of the 3rd generation, so I have returned this 4th generation for another 3rd generation. I also didn’t like the new white cord over the black cord. It seemed like a mismatch with my charcoal Dot. Maybe they will improve with the 5th generation Dot.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Very surprised at the issues with this one. I have 2 others. Integration problems with smart home product’s especially. Recently it just turns on some random music stations at the highest volume.	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We had this product for nearly 6 months. Got it Black Friday 2020. In May it tried to update and failed. After that it would not properly set up. We tried contacting Amazon. I was literally on the phone for 2 hours 53 min. The woman went through troubleshooting with me, no luck. She had me contact our WiFi carrier to discuss broadband then tried again. Nothing worked. She mentioned having a technician come into the apartment to try to trouble shoot.... what a waste of time/$ for a product we got for $20. Seriously we didn't want to deal with that. Instead she said set a date/time to call back with more info. She didn't call until hours later and I couldn't answer.She tried again over the next two days and I was able to answer one of those times to set up another day/time. Again she missed the call frame and since I was unable to answer told me I'd have to contact customer service on my own time with this ID number and trouble shoot with someone else. We were so disappointed and at this point feel ready to throw in the towel. I don't recommend this product not because we didn't like it while it worked but simply that it broke less than 6 months in and customer service was so horrible to try to fix/trouble shoot.	1	July 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have several Echoes in my 2-story house. My 1st gen in the kitchen finally died, so I replaced it with this. I find that it doesn't wake as easily as my others do. It is SO ANNOYING to have to repeat myself every time I want to add something to my shopping list. In fact, often my echo upstairs picks up on the wake word and responds before this one. I have not run into problems like this with any of my other devices and will be relegating this one to the basement (the least used spot where I have one).	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa does NOT listen, follow or answer to most of my commands. Most of the time when I plug it in the blue light keeps going around over and over without recognizing any of my commands. It refuses to connect to my Pandora stations even though I have added my Pandora account to the device. It only plays music from Amazon music. The sound quality is not what I expected at all, even when I turn the volume all the way to maximum the speaker is not very loud at all. I have Bluetooth speakers that I’ve purchased from Dollar General Stores for $5 that are louder than this Alexa Echo Dot.  The only feature that seems to work for me is creating a shopping list, other than that I don’t even bother to use the device. My sister also has the device and we’re extremely disappointed with the Alexa Echo Dot, we’re both tech savvy, however we seem to have the exact same issues with both of our devices. As a loyal Amazon customer I always make sure I give good reviews for the items I purchase so my dear apologies for giving the Alexa Echo Dot a bad review. I’ve been wanting this device for such a long time and I was so excited to receive it but my expectations for this device has not been met!!!	1	July 31, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I got this to replace my second generation dot and ehh I'm not impressed. I use it to turn the light on and off in my bedroom and I find I often have to repeat myself before it will turn the light on or off. Also I find the speaker quality not great. I would not recommend getting this if you plan on using it for music. Over all I got it on sale for $25 and for that price it does what I need but it far from blows me away.	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I find the 4th generation has problems with earlier generation devices. Sending messages & receiving has problems. I like the products but they have problems communicating. The remote I used for my 1st generation echo has issues with 4th generation devices. Is there any other customers having these issues? Is there any suggestions on how to correct these issues?	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Nice new look, a bit bulky, but that's where it ends.  Power cord that comes with the blue unit is white and where you plug it in is now awkwardly larger than previous model.  Voice recognition not nearly as good as previous model - which is frustrating.  Sound not as good either, a bit louder - but after several placements around the house, it's still not better sounding.  Muffled and cheap sound.  No idea how anyone could leave this a 4 or 5-star review.  I love my 4-units of the 3rd generation Echo Dot.  This one is not better in any way.	2	November 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It's good items ,but iwas expecting more of it. I thought it was going to be better than the 3rd generation. 3rd generation sounds better and better voice recognition to me it's the best Alexa ever.Better quality. ❤️🤗😃👍	2	May 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Amazon has changed their music so that now you cannot have good control of what plays without paying more money. Amazon is continually charging more money for features that used to exist.	1	November 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought Echo's when they first came out and when Amazon announced the new Dot I thought maybe it was time to replace the old ones that were getting long in the tooth.Umm, nope. I'll keep the old guys, which are crisper. Where the new one can't keep up is in Audible Books particularly with women's voices.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	it quit working two weeks after I had it Went back to my original one	2	July 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa wouldn’t work snd it ended up dying after 9 months	2	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The new model does not pick up voice recognition very well for me. I will send Alexa a command and it does not respond and I say it loud enough the old version in another room will pick it up. Sound quality is a little better tho. Overall still ok but prefer previous model.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	After reading various raving reviews about the new Echo Dot 4, I decided to order two, to also check the stereo functionality.Boy, was I disappointed.I really liked the Dot 3, so I expected a lot from the Dot 4 to be even better. It was not. Bass was very minimal and it didn't sound crisp. Even adjusting bass and treble didn't give it a very natural sound. So, when already in doubt over what to do with it, Amazon suddenly offered a black Friday deal, which meant I paid $11 per unit too much, just 2 days before, even with the special deal I received for buying two at once.Thank you Amazon for your return policies.I'm now waiting for the Studio version, which should really blow my mind. However it, like most Amazon speakers at the moment, will take 6 weeks to be delivered. It seems Amazon US is giving priority to foreign countries at the moment. I can buy the Echo Dots in Europe at a lower price and with a faster delivery time.	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Worked 100% fine for a couple of months then just stopped responding, it would light up when I caller her name but wouldn’t respond, I would restart it and it would fix it but only for a couple of hours, then right back to not listening. I have factory reset it, restarted it. Done absolutely everything. Was nice the couple of months it lasted	2	February 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I received an Amazon as a present in 2021.  Today it quit working.  I have listened to the local NPR station almost every day since setting it up.  Today when I asked it to NPR it said it can not find ""dollar underscore station.""  When I ask Alexa to play anything else the blue light spins around a couple of times and then stops.  I would advise against purchasing this product."	1	September 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Could be better.	3	January 14, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I was very disappointed that the max volume is not loud enough to reach my kitchen from the living room, they are one open space, open space that is not that big, and there are no vaulted ceiling’s or anything to obstruct the sound from traveling.  My phone is louder than the Echo! My daughter (11.5yrs old) and I were jamming (well trying to) to old tunes, she was dancing in the living room & I was cooking in the kitchen.  It was a bonding moment, but I could hardly hear it.  So disappointed!!!	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like that it connects with my other Amazon devices and services (fire TV, audible, Amazon music). The main issue that I have is hearing it.  Even with the volume up Alexa is difficult to understand. Alexa sounds like a shy kid who is afraid to look at you when they talk.  Where as the Google mini sounds like an adult looking you in the eye when speaking.	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Poor quality	3	January 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It doesn’t recognize my voice so it doesn’t work half the time. I have to use my phone	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have several Alexa devices and this one sucks. I find myself repeating commands and questions. I am often yelling at it. I have moved it. I bought a stand for it. I have rebooted it. I have set it at various angles and it still sucks. I bought an Alexa Flex mini speaker and the voice recognition is incredible. If speaker was louder I would buy another but definitely not another 4th generation dot.	1	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This Echo Dot looks cooler than the previous version, but in my opinion is way more inferior. First of all it has problems listening when you say “Alexa” and the problems become worst when you are listening to music. The previous Echo had better microphones to listen to you. Also the sound level is lower than the previous Echo, I feel that is not as loud as the other one. So in case you have the previous gen I would recommend you to stick to it until Amazon sort this out.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the Echo but its hard to work with devices in your home if its not 2018 or newer.  I have a curve TV, matter of fact all the TV's in my home are smart devices but just because my devices are not 2018 or newer, the Echo device will not work. For me in my house the only thing that will work is a smart bulb. Other than that the device is ok. if I would have known about all of this before I would not have purchase the devices and that goes along with my  mother as well.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Condition is good as expected for a new item, however when I ask Alexa to play a specific genre on Spotify, she will sometimes choose something similar but not what I asked. Setup can be kind of tedious and she will not connect to my phone so I just have to use it as another speaker, defeating the purpose of using her to play your personal playlist.	3	June 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Didn't recognize Spotify tried to call someone it could not recognize it said no Alexa is available	2	July 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This 4th generation dot has been the most difficult to integrate.  I have 3 others in the house, a 3rd gen and 2 1st gens.  At first the new one wouldn't respond at all; I'd speak to her from about a foot away, there'd be a lag, and then one of the others, much farther away would respond.  After almost a month, the 4th gen seems to be adjusting, but will still occationally show the same symptoms as before.  The product support people have been unable to help.  I should have just returned her and am quite disappointed.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I think this device sounds fine compared to my gen 3's. My problem is I seem to have to constantly unplug it and plug it back in to reboot it because it constantly will not perform routines. After a restart it will work a few days and then I have to do it again. My gen 3's don't seem to have this problem.Alexa as a whole right now is disappointing me.	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s meh, the skills don’t work	3	December 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Per community review standards: “Your review should focus on specific features of the product and your experience with it.” Specific feature about which customers should be advised, this black echo dot comes with a white cord. That’s a feature and that has been my experience.	3	August 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The aesthetic is nice, I got the blue one and it’s an attractive color. However, we also have our dot of the previous generation (3) and the sound quality of the older dot is in our opinion (and we are both musicians, and frequently listen to music through our dots and echo for the ease of accessibility) is that the sound quality is much worse on the new echo dot (4). It is much more tinny, far less warm-sounding than the older dot, which we always felt was surprisingly decent for what it was. Definitely a downgrade, in my opinion. It’s just prettier.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	i never leave a bad review because some times things just happen! BUT i bought this because it was supper cheep on amazon day! bought it to replace my old one. set it all up and not only does it not work as an alexa as the other one did but it also randomly avtavates and sits their with a blue ring going round and round. I have now set up the device 5-7 times over and over agin and still does not work!!!	1	August 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Having a 2nd Gen Echo Dot before this, I wish I just continued using my old device. I feel like I have to say “Alexa” much louder and repetitively for her to respond compared to my 2nd Gen. It also feels cheaply made. Black device with white chord - not a good look. It’s not “bad,” but if you don’t have to upgrade, I wouldn’t. It does the same thing for the most part - except being the size of a tennis ball. Which is also fine - If the larger size would mean a better (it’s not) speaker.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It was just ok	3	January 3, 2022	1
Echo Dot	It sounds ok at low volume but once you turn it up it's not very good.  I use it in the garage and in order to hear it I must play it on the louder side then it's  not so good.	2	May 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought one gray and one black.  Black one works every time. Gray one is deaf. I have to almost yell to get it to respond.  It is very hard towakeupwhen it’s names is called old dot works get right beside the new one. Thenewnotjing happens.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The past few weeks my echo dot has been stuck in update mode. I’m pretty tech savvy so I’ve tried many ways to fix it myself and even turned to YouTube for assistance. Nothing worked it remains in update mode flashing a purple light. I reached out to customer service for help maybe they could tell me what was wrong. No! Amazon customer was no help at all they just told me my warranty had expired and I had to purchase a new one. Which I definitely won’t be doing because whatever is happening is a factory issue why would I buy another one just for it to happen again? Save your coins Amazon dropped the ball with this one.	2	October 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Like it just wish it was a little louder kind of small too	3	December 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"If you ask simple questions, Alexa usually has the answers.  But on some harder questions, the response it usually, ""I don't have that information."" or I can't find it.  It's really not worth it to have an expensive toy that can't really solve any problems.  My grandson's iphone works a great deal better and is always looking things up for me that Alexa can't handle."	3	June 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is good but I sync two up and they are always malfunctioning. If I turn them up the sounds bounces left to right several times before turning itself down all the way. It may take three or four times trying to turn it up before it stays.It is also less sensitive when I call to activate. I will say Alexia and another unit in another room will hear me before the one I am standing next to will. I had to set it to respond to a different name.	1	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"My daughter bought me this for my 74th birthday.  I have one that I got for free & never set it up b/c I really didn't want one.  But she insisted it could ""do stuff"".  It turns the TV on but not off and it turns the smart bulb off but not on.  When we ask ""her"" a question, the answer is rarely helpful or correct.  I'm sure there are plenty of people who would find this device useful.  It's just not for us."	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It seems like she is more deaf than previous editions. Yea it might help people feel less like alexa is spying on them but when her volume is up you have to quite literally scream at her to get her to react to even her name. The bass is alright I guess. Only songs with heavy bass sound good, otherwise it's kinda flat still. You can't pick and play a song with only certain songs blocked by a paywall. Now you have to have premium or it's a radio on amazon music.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We love our Amazon products we love that they wake us up we love that they give us the weather we love that they answer our questions or they give us funny jokes when we ask for them, HOWEVER Why is it that if we get a new phone even though we sync it with the exact same set up as our old phone we have to go in and teach all of our Amazon products What we’ve already taught them.. are thermostat our echo dots… all have to be re-taught absolutely everything we already taught them…. Why can’t they remember what was already taught or am I doing something wrong because when I go back onto the Alexa app on my new phone it’s stupid..it don’t know nothing.. There has got to be an easier way to upgrade your phone and not have to reteach your Amazon products what you wanted them to do in the first place.	1	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So, truth in lending, I have about 10 3rd Gen Echos Dots - love them!!!  I purchased one 4th Gen Echo Dot to 'give it a try'.  I thought it looked pretty cool.  VERY disappointed in the sound quality compared to 3rd Gen.  Also, seems like I have to yell at it to get response.  One last thing, I can't seem to make a stereo pair with a 3rd and 4th Gen - but have not looked too deep into this.  imho, best budget home audio option on the market is two 3rd Gen Echo Dots with the Sub Woofer.	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Dot	My robot vac can’t be hooked with alexa	2	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The Echo Dot sound quality is not as good as the (free) speakers that came with my computer. I play Pandora music everyday and I prefer to use my web enabled TV for that purpose as the sound reproduction is superior. The voice recognition and response time however is quite good.	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Unless you're Elon Musk and you have everything smart- toilet, windows, fireplace, pool, rockets, everything, this product is nothing more than an alarm clock that speaks.I regretted the purchase the second I got it cause I now have to buy 100 other items to make actual use of its functions.Even if you look for ''the best things echo dot can do'' it'll tell you stuff along the lines of ''tell you a joke''.It's not worth it.	2	January 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I really like the product. I'm not one for a lot of gadgets but this one is kind of addictive,  Unfortunately, shortly after I received it, I dropped it from a counter onto the padded vinyl flooring.  After that, it would light up at Alexa's name, but it wouldn't respond to any commands.  I've found most electronic devices to be far more durable than this item.  I'm very disappointed in that regard.	3	May 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The echo dot is great. The problem is the way it was shipped. I order a black one because that is the color I wanted. Oh they sent me black, but with a white electrical cord. It looks stupid. Is stupid.	3	August 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is my 4th Echo dot.  I have 2 originals & 1 Generation 3.  I would compare the Generation 4  the same as Gen. 3 except for the shape.  If I had to do it again, I would have gotten another Gen. 3 for less money but I'm happy with this one.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I ordered three items and the echo dot did not get credited. we took all three ""echo dot parts"" so I think someone stole the echo dot because that one you can use alone without the others. all three were wrapped up together and returned to the same UPS store where we've never had any problems."	1	October 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I found out that Alexa interacts with anyone even if they were not setup for voice recognition. A bummer for me that it has to be plugged in thus can not be moved at will. For some reason I thought it had an internal baterry but it does not. Also for international shoppers, settings were a hassle. Linking with Spotify was another hassle. Pair with my phone took 2 or 3 days. On a good note, the features are cool, the response time is good. She's kinda smart 👍.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	3/14/2022: Tried one more time and caught it listening to me talk with my dogs... ZERO privacy!! Round the clock listening because of Guard... I have guard off and it was still listening. And then... Please, UGLY white cord with charcoal... BARF! FIX IT, Amazon!!!!!Yesterday, 11/2/2021, Amazon passed through an update which essentially, through a non-feature call Guard-Mode, never turns the listening off, even if you turn off Guard in the app. It's always listening, i.e. they have removed your privacy without your consent. Consider what that means. All night, all day, all the time, Amazon is listening. The light will always spin, you will have no privacy and no peace unless you turn off the mic after you finish talking to it each time. Turn mic on to talk, turn mic off when done. Very ballsy. I immediately cancelled my order for the 4th gens that were on sale and made sure supervisors in both the Alexa device dept. and CS dept. knew why. On my older gens I have tape over the lights, very tacky, so they won't keep me awake at night since I am light sensitive. I feel sure they won't let this review through, but worth a try to warn others.	1	November 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"I like it mostly as a ""radio"" alternative.  I really wanted to be able to take it with me to the offices that I work at as a music in my operatories.  So I can only get it to connect with my home internet even when I have it blue tooth with  tablet that it is linked to.  I have tried it at 3 different offices and unfortunately I can't link it.  I like it but wouldn't spend the money again.The color is cuteThe sound is great."	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have to talk louder to have Alexa hear me and the sound is not as good	2	July 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have the Echo hub, Echo auto, and 6 Echo Dot 3rd gen and have one 4th gen Echo Dot. The 4th gen just has a different look but have the same functionality as the previous gen. The sound quality is not as good imho. Lacks bass response and has a cheap hollow sound from the speaker(kinda like a home made speaker enclosure consisting of cardboard box construction and strapping on that poor little speaker. Even adjusting equalizer settings doesn't help make it sound better. I would rather stick with the Echo Dot 3rd gen	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	☺️	3	January 18, 2022	1
Echo Dot	Love the small size and color set up was so simple basically ready out of box.	3	November 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	In total honesty... Im a little disappointed. For starters, the sound quality in my opinion isn't as good as the 3rd gen dot. Not as bad as the 2nd gen but not far from it (yes i own all 3 so im familiar). Id describe it as kind of hollow. I expected more from it. Also... The light ring being at the base rather than on top, its difficult to look to see if the wake word has been acknowledged. Which being ignored Occurs quite often.	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like to listen to music with my alexas however the sound is not the best	3	November 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Overall the sound is better in this version of the echo, but going from the 2nd gen alexa to this 4th gen, sound recognition wise; it would be incorrect to call it an improvement. The mic seems to be directional so having it faced or placed in a certain way, might cause it to have difficulty hearing your voice.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I received this through a Sirius promotion.  I try to listen to music through it all day for background noise.  However, after about an hour, it turns itself off.  Then I have to ask it again to turn back on and after an hour or so, it turns itself off.  I have decided to chuck the stupid thing and go back to my phone which does not turn itself off after about an hour.	1	September 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Got this to listen to music in the home and a few other things. But the damn thing plays 2 songs from my shuffle on Spotify and then stops playing by itself. I don't use Amazon Music anymore because it should be included in PRIME not an extra fee because alot of music on Amazon Music is now an extra Price if its NEW so its another 7.99 a month... yeah not being screwed over by that. Anne-Tea-Wayz. It does Record you FYI it recorded a whole conversation and played it back without being asked to as well	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Great sound and love most of the functionality.  However, integration with Pandora is not very good.  Will stop playing and paired speakers get un-synched.  There have been Echo/Pandora issues in the past and they are not resolved yet.  If you like to stream Pandora, keep looking at other solutions.	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Speaker sound scratched sometimes crackles maybe defective	2	August 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The speaker is definitely louder than its predecessor, and I’d even argue that the audio is clearer. There’s a shorter wait between commands and action taken by the assistant.The reason I’m giving it three stars instead of 5 stars is because whenever I prompt the assistant, the most annoying crackling sound plays and then everything is clear.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Why oh why would Amazon put a white power cord with a black device? Come on……it isn’t hard. I wish I would have read the reviews but I didn’t and here we are. I am still considering returning them as the white stands out and shows against everything. This was a no brainer Amazon.  You should have done better.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	No cumplió mis expectativas	2	August 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought it as a gift for my daughter who lives in Guatemala but unfortunately it cannot be programmed with television because it is outside the coverage region	3	October 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was surprised that the sound quality of the 3rd gen is way better compared to the 4th gen. I placed them both side by side while playing the same music (and same EQ) and you can clearly hear the difference between the two. The 3rd gen was more clear and had better high and lows. I thought the 4th gen was to be a step forward not backwards. The reason I gave this 3 stars is because it does look nice on a bookshelf compared to the 3rd gen. Otherwise, I would have returned it.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I received this as a gift for Christmas, but have not as yet interacted with it a great deal.  I will say it doesn't just recognize my voice, as I was watching Jimmy Fallon the other night and he was talking to Alexa on his show as a spoof, and my Alexa was trying to answer him.  Life is still a little crazy, and I am quite a busy person even with the chaos in the world, so when I have time to play with it I will let you know...!	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have been trying to get Echo Dot to find my sound bar without success.  The Alexa app on my PC doesn't give me any way to link to it.	2	June 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa works good on the dot, but if you want to use it for music I don't recommend it. I highly recommend the Echo 4th Gen for music.	3	October 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really like my other Alexa devices, but this one doesn’t seem to respond as well. I don’t know if I’m doing something wrong or not— but it’s very frustrating.	3	September 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	While listening to music now the speaker crackles like the speaker is blown. Volume is always below half my choice so that’s not it. It’s been on a table never bumped or knocked over or dropped. The sound is bad when the crackle starts. At first I thought it was the wifi so I rebooted the wifi that was not the issue. I’ve unplugged and reset the this device a few times that’s not it. There doesn’t seem to be any cause others than poorly made. Made to last a few months then crap.	2	December 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The sound is really thin. There is no bass sound.	2	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The Echo Dot keeps loosing connection with my WIFI. The IT tech said they could fix it if I purchase a $200-$300 Virus protection from them. I have Virus protection and could not afford to change. So I am stuck with a Echo Dot that works sometimes.	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am constantly repeating myself and the voice recognition is terrible compared to other Alexa devices we have. The sound quality was disappointing as well with less bass than I had hoped for. We ended up using this one in the bathroom and bought better devices for the larger rooms.	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was so excited to get my 4 Echo Dots and hook up speakers in each room. Then I tried to call some of my friends & family on my phone and it kept dropping them or have a SUPER delayed connection so that we could hear each other.  I finally unplugged the Echo's and my phone worked fine. Ugh! Why do they take over everything??? I just want some nice speakers in my rooms to listen to music off Spotify when I'm trying to keep motivated to clean the house.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Muy pequeño	3	January 7, 2022	1
Echo Dot	"I loved it at first, but after 4 months the device would randomly stop working. It would just stop in the middle of playing music, wouldn't respond to voice commands. I would have to unplug and replug it back in to get it working again. When in ""do not listen"" mode, it will randomly stop and when buttons are pressed, nothing will happen. Again, it has to be unplugged and plugged back in to get it working again. Also, when in ""do not listen"" mode, it will show red, but then have the random blue swirling on the bottom. It won't respond to commands - have to unplug and replug back in for it to work. This is obviously a defective unit. I contacted Amazon and they said my only option was to buy a new one. They would give me 15% off. They would not replace this defective one that was less than a year old. I offered to return it, but was told that I would still have to purchase a new one. Very sad that Amazon will not replace a defective product of theirs that is less than a year old - actually only 6 months old and the problems started after 4 months. I will be very hesitant to purchase another Amazon device if this is how they stand behind their products."	1	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"Sorry, my  Dot has turned out to be a POS.  Set it up and worked ok.  After a couple of weeks off being powered off,  I plugged it in and it now can no longer connect to the same house wifi I paired it to earlier.  Not up for screwing around with it to  ""maybe"" get it to reconnect, going in to the trash  can (recycle).  :/.I'd recommend steering clear of these things."	1	August 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Device won't pair with phone. Conflicts with echo show so can't have both plugged in at the same time or show will try to play music even if told specifically to play on stereo group. When successfully in stereo pair as intended it glitches off and only one echo will work until stopped and restarted. Won't run routines. More trouble than worth. Bought specifically to have a stereo pair. This will work for one time when you first set up and never again. To get working again you have to wipe all devices and reinstall everything.	1	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Ordered a black/charcoal dot, came with a white cord!  How tacky is that?  Called and asked for a black power cord (three other echo dots in the house have black power cords) just to be told it only comes with a white one, they don't provide black power cords, regardless of the color of the device.  Looks like it might be time to look at switching to google home or something.  Alexa doesn't listen half the time anyways.  Doesn't follow commands, doesn't know half the questions you ask.  Gives you an answer completely irrelevant to the question you ask...poor quality for something produced by Amazon.	1	July 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I really like the idea of having the Echo Dot as a speaker right near us in the living room. This way my hearing challenged Husband does not need to make the Volume so loud! Unfortunately, it just doesn't work as an alternative to SPEAKERS! In and out of the bluetooth devices, constantly RE-Setting! I don't need Alexa to Make A Shopping List or anything but Be A Speaker! My Mistake I Guess. Rather have a good Sound Bar.	1	August 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	it want respond until i hollor and dont like that	2	July 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The 4th generation does all the same stuff as the 3rd, but not as well. The sound took a huge step backwards.  The 3rd generation has much better bass response and volume without distortion.  Also, the notification light has been moved to the bottom, rendering it useless from a volume monitoring standpoint and easy to overlook from a notification perspective.  I suppose it is more anesthetically pleasing,  but not enough to sacrifice the sound and usability. Time to start working on the 5th generation Amazon. This was a swing and a miss.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Why call it Glacial White which implies pure white when it's almost entirely Grey? The former generations were a true white. Enough with the million shades of grey obsession. Give us pearl or ivory tones if not actual white. This is far more unattractive than anticipated.	2	April 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Seems like a downgrade from the last. I got this fourth gen and put it in my living room then moved my third gen into the bedroom and noticed that the most sound was coming from my room when they were grouped together for music. So ultimately I've put this new one into my room and the 3rd gen back into the living room because it is all around louder. I expected this one too be amazing but it doesn't seem to have as much base and it only sends the sound forward. The third gen was a 360 speaker	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I'm an Echo fanatic, so I was looking forward to the upgraded design of the Echo Dot. All the features are basically the same as the old version of the Dot, and I just assumed the speaker would be better but it absolutely was not. I have two in bedrooms across the hall from each other, so I stood in the hallway and compared while both were playing. The old Dot was crisper and definitely had more bass than the new one. Good news for me: the new design means the old design is cheaper now. :)	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Seems to be the least responsive and understands the least out of all our devices.	3	November 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound was essentially the same as the third generation.  Bass is ok given the size of the unit.  Midrange works better but still should have improved more in my opinion now that your using multiple speakers in each unit. .  High volumes cause way too much distortion. Considering the huge improvement in sound quality for the 4th gen echo, the poor dot get forgotten, left behind, was a huge disappointment given the bar that was set with the last gen and the flagship for this new gen,  I do like the design i just feel like there should have been more...  And why did you ask specifically for a start rating for specs integration???  It is Alexa as far as the public goes...  If you cant effectively integrate your smart speaker with your own cloud AI then it's time to go back to just selling books and CDs.	2	May 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	No improvement in sound over my Dot 3, since it still only has one speaker.. Made round to generate some new sales I guess. Some people may prefer the ball look over the puck style. I personally don't find the new shape that great looking, so back it goes. You have to hook Dot's 2 and 3, I have both, to external speakers for a decent sound. My Echo 2 sounds good enough for me, on it's own. If I could accept the new look, I would buy the Echo 4 with it's three internal speakers.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Did not work	2	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The speech is not clear enough at lower volumes.  It is not a crisp voice.  I had hoped for an improvement over older generations.  I have both google and Alexa devices and Google home mini's voice is so much clearer.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	DisLiked that it was so small you barely can see the writing you’re gonna have to look for it but then again I’m not to swift with measurements. But then again have never seen one so small.	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The reason I gave this 3 stars is because the voice recognition is terrible.  I ended up not using it and going back to the generation before Echo Dot that I had, because everything I said was misunderstood and I had to basically yell for Alexa to hear me, with this newer version.  I wish I had thought to return it earlier, but I thought it would maybe just take a little time for it to learn my voice.  I was wrong.	3	April 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is a vast improvement over the Alexa dot 1st generation when it comes to sound quality.  I have had to spend tooMuch time trying to set it up and add the WiFi- which I have had to do multiple times.  It has lost connection at least twice and I have had it a couple of weeks.Hopefully, I do not have to reset it up.I like the look of it-have to get use to the less obtrusive light (on the bottom instead of the top).	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	it honestly broke quick in less then a month	2	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Funciona bien, pero aún le falta mucho al reconocimiento de voz. Tiene mil errores	3	November 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality isn't the best as you turn up the volume. It's ok for a child's room  but if you are into stereos and sound not the one.  It's just OK. I bought it on Amazon prime day. Not worth the $49 they really wanted. It was $24. which is just OK.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	El formato de la luz no es tan atractivo con la versión 3, tuve que comprar la versión 4 porque el 3 comenzó a tener un sonido horrible y distorsionado, revise internamente y todo está bien incluyendo el parlante, espero que no suceda lo mismo con mi echo 4.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	honestly, its a neat device. but this is becoming an ecosystem product.while alexa hums along just fine when using apple music or other apps that generate a profit for amazon directly. however apple music integration, minimal playlist support and you get what you ask for in general about 20% of the time. tidal is  a real crap shoot, i have never gotten a playlist i made to play through alexa.she has a real hard time understanding commands for my hue lights, run through a bridge.the echo studio does have base, and is LOUD but that only goes so far.overall i really wish i was still in the return window.this is a do not buy for anyone not dedicated to the amazon ecosystem, which is sad because they just dont really have one and the whole selling point is that the echo should function with more devices than any other smart assistant and it does.... just very poorly.	2	February 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have a couple of echo dot gen 1 or 2 and these round bulbs just don't seem to put out the same amount of sound as the older models.  And Alexa integration overall sucks.  If my wife resets I have to go around and setup all of the speakers to use a 2nd wifi I use (guest) because they seem to default to the first, and/or the app simply says there is a network problem with them even though I can answer questions and get answers etc.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered the Echo Dot as an early Prime Day lightning deal.  I selected the option of Dot + 6 months free Amazon music.  Higher cost choices at the time were Dot + smart plug, stand, or a year amazon music. I did not receive any information about the 6 months amazon music and it has been 3 weeks. Customer service states it was not included and the invoice does not state it.  Now one of the reasons I got the Dot was for that 6 month music.  I know what was advertised and selected.  Buyer beware.	1	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I rely on seeing the blue light to know Alexa is listening. The placement of the lights on this version make them useless. On the other hand, voice recognition and audio quality are excellent.	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I only have one task for her to do and it’s to set my alarm on weekdays with a pandora radio station. I have to program it about 666 times until she understands. She makes me wish that my mom had an abortion	1	October 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I already had an Echo Dot and like it, so decided to get a second, newer one. The new one seems to have a hard time understanding what I want. I could tell the old one to ""play 90s rock"", and it would do so. The new one says it can't find 90s rock."	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It doesn't seem to hear me as well as my other 3rd generation units	2	July 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Doesn't connect to my Samsung S20. I called customer service for help.  The rep told me things I had already tried, power off/on, reinstall the Alexa app, ... Then when this failed, they told me to call Samsung because it wasn't an echo issue.  My phone connects with my 1st gen echo and with every other bluetooth device that I own.  But it's my phone that is the problem.	1	September 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not sure what they changed, but it was a bad decision and not tested in real world environment. Other than the terrible mic, the sound is great! Kudos for that at least?	3	September 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The wife signal is pretty weak	3	December 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This didn't work, and I was not helped one bit. They wouldn't let me exchange for one that worked! This was months ago. I'm still mad, they haven't fixed this yet.	1	October 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"We had this plugged in for three days. When we had it one mostly it would say "" I didn't catch that"" a hundred times a day even when we were talking normal and not to the device. Felt very invasive. It now sits in a box. I wouldn't purchase again and I wouldn't recommend."	1	October 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This item is not very suitable for playing  music. The sound quality is not good at all. It’s a bit distorted, especially when the volume is turned up, but unfortunately the volume needs to be turned all the way up because of the lack of quality. I was definitely expecting more from an Amazon product.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Just like every Echo device, Amazon always seems to make it worse with the next generation. The first Dot sounded like a speaker in a can, the second wasn't much better, the third gen really was a huge improvement. There was good speaker clarity, the music was obviously lacking in the bass department, but otherwise it sounded good. The fourth gen however, sounds like a third gen, but behind a pillow. It seems very muffled and not very loud at all, even on the highest volume setting. There is absolutely no bass, none, not even a little... It even seems like the treble may be turned down a bit, or some kind of equalizer settings are all jacked up, I really don't even know... Moral of the story, save yourself from this let down, get a third gen Dot if you're in the market for one.	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	My first echo dot worked fine for a month until it randomly stopped connecting to the internet (echo dot and router were never moved). Amazon customer service worked with me to troubleshoot, concluded that it was an internal malfunction, and sent a new echo dot free (which I was more than pleased with). The second echo dot has worked fine for three months, and now I’m experiencing the same exact issue. I like the product when it works, but I’m frustrated I can’t make it keep working for more than 3 months before it malfunctions.	1	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Doesn’t work as well as the previous version.  When you call Alexa it seems like to have to speak loud.  The other version or versions she can hear you no problem.  Not satisfied with this one wish I can return it and get older version.	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have done each troubleshooting tip 4 times over to fix the issue. It suddenly stopped responding one day and has the blue ring of death after being plugged in for 10 min. I have done numerous hard resets, unlougged repeatedly and tried other power cords. No software update is available. This is just so disappointing 😖	2	March 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Well I bought this without reading reviews as I was expecting same or better quality than dot 3 but man I was wrong! Buy 100$ Echo dot or cheaper 3rd generation… not this….	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Decided to grab one on sale over Christmas to check out the new Dot.  The new shape does look a bit cool, but if you're trying to make it inconspicuous in your room, this is much larger.  The light ring is around the base, so not as easy to see from across the room, and I've constantly had issues with it understanding me.  It often starts rambling some response unrelated to what I just asked it, and I end up asking one of my other Dots instead.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I purchased this about a year ago and its dead now.  My 3rd and even 2nd gen are still going strong and functioning just fine.  I agree with others who say the previous model's sound is better than this one as well.  I like the smaller form factor of the previous gen better than the ""Ball"" as well.  If you can find an older model save some $ and get better functionality and sound.  Amazon missed the mark on this model in my opinion."	2	December 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Received this as a Xirius XM offer. Works sporadically, voice recognition intermittent, stops playing Amazon music a couple of times each and every song (not internet connection), even timer doesn't respond to shutting off on occasion.  Last time I buy or get an Alexa!	2	April 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The group connections don’t work well at all. I would not buy these if you are expecting to have a flawless multi-room set up for entertainment. I feel like they were a waste of money even on prime day, I would never pay full price for these. Better options exist.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Me parece horrible que el cable sea de color diferente, se ve super feo	2	July 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was stoked to see these go on sale, but was upset when I realized this version was the lower sound quality version. It was partly my fault that it was the wrong version, but as the first generation of Echos to have a higher sound quality and lower sound quality model I wish they would have emphasized it a little more. Listening to music on it is pretty terrible, and I barely use it for anything other than reminders at this point.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I put it in the kitchen to replace the disc one we had and I now have to scream at it for it to hear me. I may move it, it was a freebie and it shows.	2	May 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It works well but there are times Alexa doesn’t work or unlink with Apple Music. Other than that it works pretty well.	3	October 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I upgraded all 3 of my first gen Echo Dots to this model. Never had a single issue with any of the first gens, liked the new style so figured I’d upgrade and get a nice change.The new ones will literally hear me request a song, say now playing said song, and just sit there and do nothing. I can also be in the same room as one, say “play xxxxxx” and one in the other room will pick up my voice and play what I’m asking, and the one right in front of me won’t register. I’ve tried resetting and resyncing all of them. I’m convinced I either got a bad batch or just have really bad luck. Most of the other reviews gave me high hopes.	2	September 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I believe I paid $30 for this echo dot (regularly $50).  Thankfully, I did not spend more.  As is, I would not choose to use this for listening to music.  I will use it for timers in the kitchen, fun fact searching, time and temp, and the like.  I think I can hook it up to a nicer speaker if I want to use it for listening to music.  I do like the voice recognition.  It worked very smoothly and did not take much time to set up.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Doesn't work and never did and Amazon refused to take it back even after troubleshooting. they said the tech department would reach out to me to return and after a week of no contact I contacted then then I was told they would take it back or issue a refund because it was past 30 days even though they had proof I contacted them day 1.	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I own several Alexa integrated devices. This one, sadly, did not feel like an upgrade. The sound quality is atrocious. I have to repeat commands at least twice and the fact that it doesn't have a display clock is disappointing. I bought this to keep in a guest room.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Lo que me agradó es la interacción entre Alexa por su gran contenido ej. Recordatorios entre uno de ellos. Lo que no me agrada es que tiene que estar todo el tiempo conectada a la red eléctrica.  Y en estos tiempos con la tecnología no es aceptable.  Gracias	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	You'll need a few packages of throat lozenges for this round of Alexa.Argh...She's definitely in a mood. She seldom responds on the first try. She always has an attitude. If I'm not shouting at her to lower the TV volume; I'm screaming at her for the time.	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Received as a  gift and very pleased	2	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This echo has such a bass level that makes it very difficult to understand Alexa speech. My old dots are very clear, this one not so good.	3	September 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I bought this to replace the flatter dot that sat on my night stand because my cat would climb on it and turn the mic off. (He's a Teacup Munchkin). When I saw this design I was on board right away. Ordered my beautiful new ball with the idea that from now on I won't have an issue.  Oh my how it has proven me wrong.  Because I have changed his voice to the man and his name to Ziggy I now call him my deaf elderly roommate.. I basically have to yell at him to get him to do anything I ask.  Very often having to repeat my request.  If myself or my husband falls asleep before we turn off the light. We have to resort to climbing out of bed to hit the switch. Because we don't want to wake the other yelling ""Ziggy turn off bedroom"".  I have waited a while to do the review with the hope that this would not be a lasting issue. But it seems that it is here to stay. PART of me thinks going back to the flat dot is our best bet."	2	August 31, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"My expectations were higher for voice recognition (volume) but operates the same for me as the previous puck. I do like the ergonomic, larger and raised control buttons on top! My desire is that ""she"" would hear me consistently the first time. I control Spotify (my main use) through it therefore don't rely on the audio quality. I did plug it in the bedroom to see what it would sound like solo. Nice neutral design for a mini speaker but not impressive over other small bedside bluetooth speakers available."	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I have 3 echo dots. Two 2nd gens and a 3rd gen.  I have used one of the 2nd gens for years connected to a good quality stereo via bluetooth.  The sound is very similar to my Iphone connected the same way. I like it. The 2nd gen is getting a little slow, so I tried to replace it with a 3rd gen.  No luck, the sound just wasn't the same. Everything was just ""muddier"" sounding.  I then tried this 4th gen and found the same thing.  Maybe the 5th gen will be better again?  Disappointed. Sending it back. I'm sticking with the 2nd gen as long as possible. :-(Update: Something I forgot to add. I wasn’t sure if I would line the sphere but I really liked it. The shape and material used looked  pretty classy.Still hoping for better Bluetooth sound from the next generation."	2	April 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought this as a gift and quickly plugged it in to test the sound quality. It was not what I had expected or read on reviews that rate it highly. Every other review states that it is amazing, but I disagree. I was aware that I purchased the echo dot, but my advice would be to instead purchase the larger echo device as the speakers on those are said to be much louder/clearer. In better news, I was able to de-register my account from the device easily and the return process was simple.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I do not recommend purchasing Gen 4. I love the new look of Gen 4 and the response time is improved, but I am very disappointed. The sound quality of Gen 4 is better than Gen 2 but much worse than Gen 3. You can pay around $40 more for a Gen 4 (kind of a greedy move IMO) with better speakers, but from what I have researched, the $69.99 Gen 4 sound quality is not any better than a Gen 3.TL:DR Skip Gen 4, and stick with 3!	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Dot	No se conecta con las televisiones Samsung o LG en Ecuador	3	November 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Really not impressed with the 4th generation Echo Dot. The sound quality is significantly worse than the 3rd generation, which was very surprising. It was even more frustrating to realize that the 4th generation will not pair with our 3rd generation so we are unable to connect music to different rooms at the same time. Not sure what the upgrade on this is supposed to be, because the 3rd generation is definitely superior to the 4th. Purchased this to be the main Echo dot in our living area, with plans to move the 3rd generation to another part of the house. Ended up leaving the 3rd gen where it was, now using the 4th gen as a spare in a separate room because the sound is just so bad. It sounds like a cheap speaker talking, instead of the full 360 speaker sound you get out of the 3rd generation. Even just the voice speaking out of it sounds quiet and echoey. This version stinks!	2	January 2, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have multiple “Alexa’s” in my home but the Dot did not meet my expectations. When playing music the sound is flat, even after adjusting the treble & bass. Definitely needs a subwoofer or bass board to round out the sound.	2	April 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is the third echo dot I have ownedThe first died after a few yearsThe second one didn’t work at all and was returned and replaced free of chargeThe third one only works some of the time	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This has synched with my phone somehow and I can only use it when I have my phone.	2	June 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition was decent. I have a problem with the bass and sound quality when it comes to playing my music and the radio. It was weak and when I asked to increase the bass Alexa said it was at the #6 which is the highest.  I’m not impressed with the sound quality.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Picked up a 4th gen (spherical) echo dot to use in my bedroom -- replacing an existing 3rd gen device.It's a lot hard to get this one to understand what I'm saying. I have to speak rather louder and often times repeat what I said one or more times before echo recognizes what I said. When I switch back to the older unit things work fine again.edit a number of weeks later: moved this dot into the kitchen and it seems to work better so giving back a couple stars.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We could not figure out how to use it with out it being plugged in to wall outlet. So, with that restriction. We can’t listen to it outside in the evenings.  It only came with a single power chord, so I don’t think there are other options.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is my third one of these and something is always wrong with it. It always disconnects from the internet, says it’s having trouble hearing, and don’t even get me started on the music app. Most of my other Alexa’s in the house work well but the last several I’ve purchased I’m just not happy with them :(	1	September 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	First of all you would think with modern day technology you can have it charged and ready to go. No you have to have it plugged in. I bought this to listen to music when my family and I are outside camping or In the patio. I bought it on sale for 19 dollars and I still returned it because of the reason of having to have it plug in. Plus if your not good with tech stuff you have to download and app on your phone instead of a simple Bluetooth connection	1	August 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I use my echo almost entirely for music.  Yes, at the wee hours of the night, I'll ask the time or temperature and use the timer feature,  but mostly for music.  And I have several models of Echos at the house that have better sound than this one, and none that are worse.Big disappointment.  Sound is very thin.  I'm a 64 year old guy that listens to primarily classical and jazz, so I don't require massive bass or volume requirements and this does not meet my minimum standards.. I may try to find the next model up in a store to see if it's any better, but this one has been a major letdown.  I'll have to hear it before I purchase the next one.  Of the ones I have, the older Echo leaves this one in the dust.  This one looks cool, but it's like a sports car that doesn't run.  Who cares what it looks like?	2	December 19, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Bought it to replace an earlier Echo Dot because sound on the Dot was so muffled. This is better, but still sub-par. Guess for the price I can't complain, but hey, I'm human -- I want something really good, no matter the price...	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not a very smart “smart” device. Or maybe we got one with a hearing problem?! Almost never gets the commands and the questions right. For instance: we decided to play the “Are you smarter than a fifth grader”  game. It asked a question to which the answer was “Zero”. My kid said loud and clear the word “Zero” and the device claimed that this was the wrong answer and the correct answer is “Zero”. WTH??? It adds wierd stuff to my shopping list clearly not hearing or understanding what we tell it to add. Also a lot of the music we want to listen to is simply not available in amazon music even tho we have the paid version and prime as well so no use of that for us as well. It doesnt even understand when i command it to tell the Roomba to clean because it understands a command only if it is said in the exact words put in a specific order in a sentense. Alexa is a huge dissapointment to our family so far and is currently the most useless device in our home.Five months later update: the device just gave up and no longer even activates itself when we call for “Alexa”. We tried reatarting, turning the microphone on and off, and still no responce. Our dissapointment is even bigger now after we gave it some time. Do not recommend this device to anyone.	1	January 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Funciona bien pero como dije sirve para noticias de Mexico no de Costa rica	3	November 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Low volume,Does not find other devices.	2	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I purchase this thinking it had a clock on the front it does not have one looked it up it says that it's a kid's version 4th generation I really do not like Alexa the only thing it's really good for telling you the weather setting alarm and playing music and notifying you of an Amazon package and playing trivia games/history quizzes but asking it to look something up it becomes extremely frustrating you would think it would be a little bit more intelligent you ask it a question and it completely answers a different question that you just asked it then I asked it to repeat what I said and it does I believe this device is good for smart plugs music smart light bulbs basically anything that will make you lazy personally probably going to sell this and try to go with Google home due to it being Google	2	May 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I like the echo dot but bought it on the prime deal which was supposed to get a light bulb along with the purchase . I did not receive the light bulbs and they said I just ordered the dots ! There was no special place for the light bulb . It was supposed to be included.	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	She is okay but she definitely could be a lot better	3	November 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality and size/shape not as good as prior generation.  Okay for what it is.	3	October 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Unclear if secure.	2	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa can never ever understand which playlist or song I’m requesting in Apple Music esp for my own library, aka the songs I’ve purchased and like best.  It also will often just cut out and start playing loud static!  Ugh!	1	October 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	it is cute and small but it has no useful voice recognition.	3	November 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	If you’re using your echo mostly for music it’s amazing. BUT if you plan on asking any questions to get any sort of information don’t count on it telling you what you need/want to hear, the google home is leaps and bounds better at giving information than the echo. Half the time you ask Alexa something and she give you information completely different than what you ask her. So long story short echo= great music, terrible information and Google home is way better at giving info but mediocre music selection	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have tried many ways and many times to get Alexa to work correctly with Amazon Music through this device: reset WiFi, soft and hard resets of device, reset this several Amazon customer assistants, and nothing works past a couple of hours. When it work, IF it works: great product and even fun, BUT: that is too seldom. Final opinion: Waste of money. And, don't even get me started on Amazon Music!!	2	January 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Its good if you have all the accessories to go with it.	3	November 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have 4 Echos going all the way back to the first generation of the tall boy.  Over the last few days, one of the Echo Dot Gen 2 was acting up (connection to wifi gadgets, etc) so I thought I give the Gen 4 a try.  Junk.  It will not pair with any of my BT speakers nor is it compatible with the Amazon remote.  Customer service is no help either.  It's going back & the old ones will remain.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Definitely an improvement over my original dot in terms of capabilities but the sound is poor.  Sounds like it's speaking through a Covid mask.  Lacks definition...a crisp high end.Thank goodness I don't need it for music since it's in the same room as my Sonos system.Do these things come with an equalizer function?	3	June 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love a lot of the functionality of it. I'd say my largest disappointment is that she can identify my voice but she doesn't take my voice or commands as priority. Such as when playing music a child can make her stop but doesn't even have a voice profile.So overall it's really cool but a huge loss on security. If you can identify a voice, why can't you ignore people who aren't important. It's a way for people to breach my account by yelling through an open window.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It doesn’t listen and play the music I ask for. Instead it’s always trying to prompt me to upgrade my Amazon music account. But my other echo it’ll play my music without always telling me I have to upgrade to listen to anything. It doesn’t make sense.	2	April 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love the sound of this Alexa but it stopped working a couple months after purchase. I’ve contacted support constantly and they keep pushing me off. I explained it’s not my home or internet because I have an Alexa dot that works perfectly. But this one only works when I unplug and plug it back in then will respond for a few minutes then completely cut off and have a blue light when I say Alexa but there’s bo response not and follow through on commands. I don’t know why else to do because I can’t seem to get an answer from anyone and I have went through the troubleshooting several times and as I explain to them it doesn’t work. But no one can help me solve the issue. So I’m not sure if it’s a defect with this model or the one I have.	1	April 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I received the Echo Dot 4th generation in charcoal, but ironically the power cord is white.  Called customer service and was told this was supplied by a third party and they could not exchange the cord.  Seems ridiculous to have a different colored powered cord.  Hopefully product management will work to correct this situation.  Aesthetically this combination doesn't work very well.	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This one seems more ""stupid"" than my three, 3rd generation Dots.  I am disappointed.  Her recognition that I am talking to her is poor, I end up raising my voice repeating her name, that my older dots in other rooms I hear responding, muffled.  She also can't seem to perform my set up skills as well.  I don't know if it is an integration issue between the 3 &4th generations, or what, but in my opinion, stick with the cheaper 3rd generation, it is much better."	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got it working eventually but then stopped working again and never was able to get it back to working.  Daughter was super disappointed.	1	November 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Speaker isn’t loud enough and it breaks up in between songs	2	July 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Just used to the old one	3	December 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I had this for about a year, I bought it for my living room and my brothers room. It worked both did up until June then it stopped working with my Wi-Fi. I called several times and then when I got someone to help me, she said it could not be replaced I had to buy 2 to get a refund. I don’t understand, plus told me to make a separate Wi-Fi just for them idk what they think I am an IT expert but I have one in my room works just fine these not so much. So disappointed .	2	November 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Home Automation.	3	December 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Ever since it was installed the everywhere group and groups in general are not functioning	2	June 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought the 4th gen as the Amazon products have improved without fail. This one could not hold wifi connection, continued to do the blue ring searching for something even when it was connected, the sound quality (the reason for the upgrade) did not match the echo 3rd gen. Since December, my 4th hasn't connected and is a paperweight or night light at best.	2	February 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like how easy it is to setup, yet when it comes to usage, that’s where some of the issues lie.  I ask it to use certain skills which can be accessed on other Alexa devices, but 2 of the 4th gen. Dots I own do not recognize skills such as: Apple Music, SirisXM, Pandora, specific names/voices, etc...  The other gen 4 Dots I own have the clocks built in, and I’ve no issues.  🤷‍♂️	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought 2 of these on prime day and I absolutely love them. They sound really good and clear compared to my 3rd gens. However, I bought one more cause I wanted to do a stereo pair. This one was SIGNIFICANTLY quieter that the other 2, meaning it was completely useless for the stereo pairing I bought it for. Thinking this was just a defect, I contacted amazon and got it replaced. the replacement is the exact same!!!! They must have cheaped out on the speakers after the first round of production.	3	November 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This Echo is definitely smaller so it takes up less space but I don't think the sound quality is as good as the original. The other one looked sleeker. I don't like the volume buttons. The original was better, smaller is not always better. I love the Echo, especially for music. The only reason I traded it in was because I could not get my other one to connect to my network and neither could anyone at Amazon help desk. The new one connected without issue but I would still rather have my original.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have to almost yell just for Alexa to hear me and at times it does get frustrating because I just recently just set up the lights and its sometimes better to just get up and turn the on myself.	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Does not work right	2	August 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I dislike this product because I mainly got it so I can ask it to play songs on Spotify. If I’ve used Spotify on my phone/in my car; and then later ask Alexa to play a specific song on Spotify, it would just start up my Spotify from where it was left off last time it was used.This is frustrating because I want to be able to ask to play a specific song. I had to restart it 3 times to get it to work.Another thing is that sometimes when I was Alexa to do something, she lights up, listens, and then doesn’t do anything. This is also frustrating because I have to talk to her repeatedly.Overall, not happy with the product. I wouldn’t suggest this one until you get the bugs fixed and she listens better. I don’t want to ask Alexa to play a song on Spotify for her to start playing the middle of a completely different song.	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition only works sporadically	2	July 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Pretty good speaker I bought it with a smart light bulb, but it hasn't been working well with it.. so had to reset everything. Sometimes it won't listen well.. 😕	3	September 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Dot works like other Alexa’s, but the sound quality is not as good. It is sometimes hard to catch individual words.	3	October 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have 3 dot Gen 3s.  The dot 4 is DEAF.  If the volume is over three you need to scream at it to get her to listen.  Actually wanted the echo  4 and thought i was getting a great deal on the *rush* purchase prime day special.  To my surprise i received the smaller echo dot.  Gen 3 was never DEAF like this turd.  And what is with a white cord on a black unit.  BL seems rushed to production..... UPDATE.  20 minutes after i left this review i received a call from Amazon getting more detail to take to engineering.  Great to know they read these and respond.  Maybe she needs a hearing aid.  Work in process.  Might try to bigger echo that i initially thought i ordered,  i hear it has more mics than the dot.  Thank you amazon.. BREAK: after fighting  to get a word in, i will likeky return it and buy the studio.  There are not enough mics on this to listen.  Anything over volume 3 and it is a screaming contest.  Dont waste your money.	1	October 27, 2020	0
Echo Dot	No point in paying the extra money for this New Design. Speaker quality in my option went down to a tin can sound as compared side to side. Power cable is now white on your charcoal device! Not sure why they didn’t just keep the same cable as the old since they interchange. I ended up getting the echo view on sale for a few bucks more. Worth the extra to me considering you now get better speakers and a viewing screen for your security cameras.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got this unit thinking it would be an upgrade and it looks a lot more stylish than the dot.  But that’s about all it does. It looks better. You have to talk really loud for this to respond.  Sometimes the echo dot 3rd generation in another room will respond when I’m sitting 3 feet away from this upgrade.  It was really a waste of money and a pure downgrade. Not an upgrade.  If your looking for a recommendation, here it is …. Don’t buy this. You. Will be disappointed.	1	July 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like the new Echo Dot 4, I really do. But I must say that the sound quality is atrocious. I have seen may reviews where people are saying that the sound is better than the Echo Dot 3, but it's not. It's sounds hollow and empty. In no way can it compare to the Echo Dot 3. I have gotten to the point where I end up using my bluetooth speaker through the Dot 4 just to get the better sound.I will say the Alexa aspects are good. The voice recognition is quick and good. I do like the light ring on the bottom. I don't like that it cannot link up with other Alexa devices for stereo sound if it's a different model, but I don't think that has anything to do with the Echo Dot 4.Overall, if you want one for the sound quality, don't buy it. If you want it for the Alexa features, it's fine.	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It was hard to set up even with intrusions and the voice recognition wasn’t that great. Would definitely go with google home next time.	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Received as requested gift as I love my 3rd gen dot. Not happy at all on the inferior tinny sound on 4th so decided to check reviews and behold many are having same problem. Dot 3rd so much better. What happened? Richness, clarity, bass all gone on the 4th. Even with level changes. Also, not as good in recognizing voice so mic is not as good I suspect. Something is amiss here with so many negatives. Will buy another 3rd and sell the 4th on Ebay.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don't like the sound quality on this speaker. Alexa helps sometimes, but some questions she doesn't answer or doesn't understand the question. I also don't like that you have to have it plugged in. When I bought it I didn't know that. I would not buy another one.	2	March 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not as good internet interface	3	December 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’d like to incorporate this new devise into our home but no instructions were provided.	3	October 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My computer, phone, and Firestick will connect to my WIFI just fine, but the Echo has problems and tells me I need to check the settings. I understand it having issues when my other devices have issues, but when they connect just fine, the echo should connect. It's very annoying since I use it to turn my lights on and off. I've only been using it a month and have experienced it having connectivity issues 2-3 times.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Worse voice pickup than previous models.	2	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The original went bad after a couple of months. I received a replacement which didn't work. I now have a 3rd and had issues getting it set up.  It seems to have the same ssues as the original. It will just make garbled sounds in the middle of a song and stop working. I have power cycle it to get working afterwards. I had to delete it and set it up several times before it finally worked initially. I have several smart home devices on my network and this seems to be the only one I have problems with. I have an Echo Show 8, and Echo Show 5 and a 4th gen Echo Dot. This is the only device I have problems with. On a good note when it works it's very good sound quality for it's size.	2	July 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	We are experiencing many issues with ours. It randomly turns off and sometimes won’t play music even after we direct it too. It will state that it’s playing our music but it’s not. We check on the app and troubleshoot there but it’s very hit or miss.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	El asistente en términos de sonido, reconocimiento, etc es excelente. Lo único que me decepcionó es que muchas funciones están limitadas a EE.UU. ya sea por Amazon o por el proveedor de las apps, por ejemplo mi TV android no tiene la app de Alexa solo por mi país, la tecnología está pero bloqueada.Igualmente con el poder llamar, Alexa te limita a usar AT&T como compañía. Tb me falta que pueda reconocer YouTube music entre otras cosas.	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Works great, but the sound quality isn't as good as the 3rd gen. Sounds a little ""tinny"" too much treble, not enough bass. The sound is similar to playing music through your cell phone. My 3rd gen dot has great bass. This has much less than that. Functionality wise, it's great. Because buttons are on top of the black speaker, it's hard to see them as the buttons' color is also black. (Unsure what thickness means in the rating, so I just put 3 stars to leave this review)"	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	From day one it's been a blown speaker.Clearly factory defect..Oh but lucky me, I bought it on prime day when it was on sale.So did they give me a good one?Nope.They actually told me due to covid restrictions they couldn't return it lol.In 2022 hahaha.Thanks Amazon.Just sold me a broken dot and refused to repair/return/refund me.	1	September 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Still can’t work it properly	2	July 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This was purchase of the Echo Dot (4th Gen, 2020 release) | Smart speaker with Alexa | Charcoal. I must say the sound quality was lacking in comparison to the many 3rd generation ECHO Dots that we have purchased. Microphone response seems better with the 4th generation Dot however.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought 2 speakers 4th generation to make a stereo configuration but they almost never worked properly. I had intermittent break up of the signal and specially when using Amazon Music. Called 4 times for support assistance and they couldn’t fix the issue. So I return them and bought the Echo Studios. That’s another story, if you can afford them don’t hesitate buy them you won’t regret it!!	3	May 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I like the new shape but I was really disappointed with the 4th gen Dot's sound quality.  It may be a personal preference but to me my 3rd gen Dot has a much richer, fuller sound.  The 4th gen Dot sounds ""tinny"" regardless of the equalizer settings I have tried.  I'm wondering if I didn't just get a defective unit because everything I read said that the 4th gen's re-design gave it a better sound quality for many people."	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am very unhappy with the sound quality, was getting this one for work mainly for music since the older model at the house sounds great. There is no bass, all empty tremble like if you were in a cave.	1	October 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I've never owned an Alexa device. Just the app on my phone and what was on my Fire stick. I'm not impressed. The echo dot doesn't listen very well. I give her commands to do something. For instance - Alexa get Deebot to clean. Alexa responds with Deebot is charging or Deebot is paused. My Roku tv is connected to my Alexa echo dot. I ask Alexa to turn on TV. She says ""ok"" and does nothing. Alexa echo dot will turn it off. The echo dot used to turn on and off my TV. Same thing with my Xbox. Now my echo dot doesn't do that either. Just not impressed. For something that records everything you say to better understand you. Doesn't do much. Nothing worse than spending your money on something that doesn't do what it's supposed to do. The sound quality isn't bad. I just went into settings and adjusted the sound and the dot sounds great."	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Will not play my choice of music without fee. I ask to play a song and it wants to know if I want to pay for monthly access.	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought it mainly to listen to music in my bedroom.  I only use it as a clock. When I say to play an artist it repeats it, goes to spotify & plays music I've never heard of. It's impossible to listen to who I want.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not a fan of the sound.  I moved and couldn't find my original dot. There was a really good sale so I took a chance on this one.  Sound quality is OK not as good as my original.  Found the original so it's in main area of the house ad this one is good for sleep music.	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This product is totally defective.I struggled very hard to get it to work, but it has terrible connectivity issues that would not go away. It would not respond to commands and it would sporadically disconnect from the wifi.It should have been a fluke for a wealthy tech company, so I contacted Amazon for a replacement and they promptly sent a new one. The replacement has all the exact same defects, so I immediately returned it in exchange for a refund.I don’t know how Amazon let something this terrible slip past them, but I’ll stick with my first generation echo dot for now.	1	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My son wanted this for Xmas. I have no idea why. We don’t use any of Amazon’s streaming services that would it useful. I don’t like it. Like all of Amazon’s tablets and other nonsense it’s a pain in the ass to use with third party apps and services. We have a Google Home mini that works better and was free. Does it answer when you ask it stuff? Sure. I didn’t want it in my house and now here it is.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	If you want a spy in your house that listens to your every word, get this. If you want everything you say logged and recorded to personally profile you and your family and everyone who visits, this is for you. I do not recommend people put these in there homes EVER.	1	October 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It was not what I expected"	3	February 25, 2022	1
Echo Dot	I like the shape but that's about it. Seems much less responsive to my voice than the 3rd gen hockey puck Dot. Sound doesn't seem different either. On sale its OK but overall I was disappointed. Usually a newer generation something is better. Maybe it's just me.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Dont buy any echo dots. There is a software bug that prevents using multi room, groups or stereo music from working correctly. I have been trying to get tech support to admit it and fix it. They pushed a software update in May 2021 and ever since then I cannot use 2 dots for stereo nor multi room music. It works for a short while and then crackling noise on one device and then device stops and second dot stops and then they reboot themselves.  I have eero mesh and Amazon support says it must be my network, but I swapped in my old TPLINK Archer A9 AC1900 router and only had two echo dots 3rd gen on network and same thing happened. They failed after very short while playing in stereo. Then did same with 2 new echo Dot 4th gen and same thing. I put back eero mesh and same. So it has to be the Echo Dot line of software that has this bug. I paired two Echo show 5 and they did not have this problem. No matter what combination. Only thing can be is that Dots have bug. Shows work.I just wish Amazon support would just admit it and fix it.Dont buy these.Sending all back.	1	June 30, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I experience no difference in sound and function from the 3rd gen dot. I think I prefer the price and the look of the 3rd gen too. IMO.	3	September 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Technically, it's a good quality product.  After watching how Amazon dealt with people who had political views that differed from their own, I unplugged it and put it away.  I don't trust the technology or the people running it.  Call me old school, or a conspiracy theorist junkie - I really don't care what you think.  This product is too invasive and leaves you open to the censor/techies listening to things that are none of their business.	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality on this is amazing. I have 9 Echos in my home and the sound quality is the best on the 4th gen. However, voice recognition is absolutely horrible. I can be 5ft away from it and my echo 2, 20 ft away, will pick up my voice before the 4th gen. Pretty much my only complaint with the new one. Depending on if you use it for controling other devices; lights, tv, etc, stick to the older generations. They are better.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"We own most generation echo devices because of quality. This 4th Gen  is a disappointment comparing to the previous ones.Issues (like others commented in similar reviews):- Black echo, with a WHITE cord.- Charger is bulky, cheap and does not have USB-C.- Sound quality vs 3rd Gen Dot is very poor. Speaker lacks bass and is very ""hollow"" sounding. Almost forces you to buy the premium one with Dolby.- The buttons on top are bulky and ugly.On the positive side: design is ok with LED on the bottom."	1	July 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I can't get my new gen 4 echo dots (and new echo) to play at the same time on my spotify ""everywhere"" group as my gen 3 and gen2 devices. At some point the newest devices just hiss at me.The sound quality is terrible at max volume compared to the older devices, and it isn't as loud. It isn't as clear and it sounds like a speaker is blown on all of them. I regret buying them."	2	December 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	UPDATE: Had a call from support to help connectivity issues but that only lasted for 2 months and AGAIN all 3 dots refuse to connect to the internet. They are just horribly unreliable and refuse to connect to internet for more than a week or two at best.  Then they each require multiple attempts before they reconnect to wifi  Note I have TVs, fire sticks, phone, laptop and work laptop that have no isseswith connection and staying connected. So disappointing!  If they weighed a bit more I could at least use them as doorstops as it they are only a source of frustration as they do not function as advertised for more than a week or 2.  Guess it would be great if you have 40 min a week to mess with getting them reconnected but I have a life.I bought 3 for different areas of my home.  They worked beautifully NOW all 3 now refuse to connect to my wifi. Yes, I followed the tutorial and the trouble shooting.  I have several TVs, a tablet, phone and work remotely so my wifi is not the issue. Of course it is after the return date. Complete waste of money. So disappointed!	1	August 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I effing hate these things. I’ve gone through three now that work fine for awhile and then just keep having connection issues, needing to be reset, needing to be setup again. Support is clueless. Exchanged power supplies. Moved the units multiple times. Sent  in the logs. Spent a week having it troubleshooted. First one was right out of warranty so was told to buy a new one. Haggled them  down to half off after multiple escalations. Second one was in warranty so no cost. But couldn’t use kohls so had to find a ups store. Chat support was ineffective and annoying. New unit works so far. No idea how long.Bottom line, spend the money and get the larger unit. This one is trash.	1	May 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The previous generation is much more reliable this unit needs frequent rebooting to work, somewhat frustrating to deal with I would not buy another one	2	June 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I got this one as it appeared that the older one didn't hear very well... This one seems to hear better, but its odd size makes it tough to conceal under the cabinets in a kitchen.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was under the impression I could setup up two of the Echo Dots to get stereo output.  Unfortunately, the stereo output only applies to streaming music but I can't obtain stereo when connected to my Apple MacMini.  I did reach out to Amazon Technical Support but they were no help nor could I find help on Youtube.com.	2	February 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I do not like the fact that it does not work well with apple music it says i need to be registered & i am & does not play all the music in your library its very frustrating. Also alexa does not recognize most music & it plays something totally different it’s annoying constantly saying you want to hear a certain song and just skips it everytime. They need to fix the compatibility with the music apps its ridiculous. Wouldnt be a problem if it had Bluetooth which its a rip off they wont add cause they want people to pay for services instead of freely using the speaker to connect with your phone smh!	2	September 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Great speaker. Does what it does, but remember this thing doesn't learn. Keep it very basic and she should get around 25% of the things you tell her to do right.	3	August 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Siento que es mejor la 3erd generación, se escucha mas bajo el altavoces que la generación anterior si realmente quiere comprar este producto vete por la anterior y precio mas cómodo y a veces el micrófono falla aunque estés cerca del echo	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I've had my Alexa since January and it's not June. Was previously at a 5 star but decided to give an updated review. The response time is slower, my songs on Spotify glitch, Amazon Music is not available in Jamaica and I was not able to sync my iTunes either due to it not being available in my region. I have to unplug the device to restart it when it starts slowing down, since it is unable to restart itself. After giving a command the blue light will stay on for almost 1 minutes unless I say 'Stop listening' and even then sometimes it would still remain a solid blue. The white is okay but I wish i had gone with the black as the cloth is now a darker shade from a lot of touching to use the volume keys.	2	June 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have two, 3rd-generation Echo Dots. I love both of them wholeheartedly. The sound quality was impressive; the bass so deep, the highs just right. With that experience, I was convinced the  4th-gen would be even better. Ah, no. It was a letdown all around. I used the new dot in two locations, same songs with dismal results. The sound sounds like it’s been piped through a kazoo or a metal soup can. I was disappointed. Not sure what’s going on with it, but I’d highly recommend the 3rd-gen echo dot over the 4th-gen every day of the week, twice on Sunday.Update: Amazon blew up my phone about my disappointment with the echo dot. Sent me a replacement. It sounds much better, but I realized something. The sound travels much better with the 3rd gen due to the hockey puck shape. The snow globe design is ok.Amazon, you had a winning design with the 3rd gen.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Having owned all previous generation dots, I was expecting audio quality at least on par to the 3rd gen.Unfortunately it is not even close. Much more tinny sound and does not fill the same space like the 3rd gen even after playing with the equalizer. Didn't really get to test much on voice recognition because we moved it immediately to a location where it would not be used as much. Maybe next gen will be better or I'll have to look at the standard echo.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Literally trash. My plan was to replace my 2nd gen Dot upstairs with this one, so I would have better sound quality in my master bedroom- moving the older model downstairs and pairing to my Bose tv speaker. I made said change, set this POS up in my bedroom, and started playing music. To my HORROR, it was like listening to music on my Motorola RazR circa 2007. (Blast some country T-Swift or Chris Brown/Rihanna duets and it’s quite the flashback). I opened the app, adjusting the audio settings, thinking this HAD to be the issue.. nope. Still absolutely NO bass or depth to the sound at all. I was about to contact Amazon to request a new device, because this MUST be a defect. Surely someone in product design wouldn’t listen to the “McDonald’s dollar menu” quality audio coming out of this thing and say OH YEAH SOUNDS GREAT! SLAP A LABEL ON HER, BOB. SHE’S READY! I stumbled upon these reviews before doing so, and now realize no- there is no defect. This is just the TRASH design of the 4th gen Echo Dot. I wish I’d bought another 3rd gen and saved myself $10 and the trauma of listening to this piece of garbage assault my favorite Christmas tunes.I will say, however, the design is genius. Very happy they’ve transitioned to this “ball” shape. Because that’s what this device sucks.. balls.	1	December 20, 2020	0
Echo Dot	We have echo dots in every single room (yes even all three bathrooms) so I have some experience with this technology. This echo seems to be a bit hard of hearing. For some reason I have to yell at it instead of speak in a normal tone. That being said, it was simple to set up and the sound quality is good. Plus, the new style is super cute.	3	April 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Gen 4 sound is just slightly better than Gen 3, though Gen 4 is alot bulkier.Would think with charcoal color dot would come with black power cord, nope got white cord.  Bad match with a dark background.Box was bashed with delivery in a paper/bubble wrap envelop, fortunately most of the damage was on the cord side of the box, the 'dot' wasn't visably damaged.  Seems to work ok.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought a couple of these for Prime Day - as replacements for older ones - but the fact that the light ring is now on the bottom has everyone in my house is constantly yelling because we never know if she heard us or not.Huge annoyance.	3	June 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love my Echo Dot.  I have 2 of them and I use them all the time. The only thing I do not like is that it is black and came with a white cord. Looks a little tacky	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We have always loved our echo dots. Decided to upgrade again. Nice look, nice sound, but the issue is it this one only hears us half of the time when we are asking it simple stuff, or to stop when the timers or alarms go off. Definitely has some kind of design flaw. We still have 4 other 3rd gen. dots and have no issues.Also, not sure why, but if I order a charcoal Echo dot, shouldn’t it come with a black cable? Is this bad quality control, or is that how they all are now?	1	July 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have 4 3rd generations Echo Dots as well as 3 Echos, including the Echo 8. All of which have very good sound quality. They all feel solid and the quality of the construction is good for all of them.I cannot say this about the new Echo Dot 4th generation.First, the sound is awful....very tinny and hollow. It sounds like one of the old school battery powered hand held radios from the 1970s. My 3rd generation Echo Dots have excellent sound quality for such a small device. The  3rd generation Echo Dots sound almost as good as my Echos.Second, it feels .... cheap. The raised control buttons (as opposed to earlier generations which have recessed buttons) are made from some sort of rubbery material and feel like they will wear off quickly.I returned the device and will be ordering 2 more 3rd generation Echo Dots before Amazon stops selling them.	2	December 24, 2020	0
Echo Dot	So hard to figure out how to set up skills and blueprints. App not easy to navigate. Set up one reminder and I do like how it reminds me in my watch and phone along with on the Echo. Was able to set up a blueprint but you can’t edit it once set up so it had to be deleted then can’t figure out how to reset one up. Guess I’m not as tech savvy as I thought. Overall an ok product.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is amazing. I bought this Alexa for my grandson. And he absolutely loves it !	3	October 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"It doesn't understand what ""STOP""means. It's constantly misunderstanding what we're saying. According to this device ""2 minute timer"" sounds like 10 minutes. Also, someone in my household told it to ""shut the f up"" because it didn't stop playing music when we told it to STOP and it replied, ""my blood pressure"". It does respond to the wakeup name but rarely does it respond to actual commands.p  I thought because it's an upgrade from my hockey puck 2nd gen it would work better but the ONLY difference is the sound and that's not good enough."	1	July 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	She’s okay. The sound quality is good, but she’s slower to respond than any other generation of Alexa. She also doesn’t understand words and phrases as well as the others. I’m always having to repeat myself because she either doesn’t respond or she misheard what I said. I’d return her but I don’t want to go through that hassle.	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’ve had Echos since the first pre-release, and have 4 scattered around my house. I’m disappointed in this 4th gen Dot. I don’t expect the same sound quality as a full sized Echo, but this seems a step backwards. I DID get the sound to be quite acceptable for podcasts and streamed music by setting bass to minimum and treble quite high, but Alexa’s voice isn’t affected by the equalizer (why in the world is that, Amazon?) and is bassy and muffled sounding and hard to understand. Feels like Amazon wanted to “pump up the bass” with this “upgrade” but threw out intelligibility and clarity in the process.Update: after about 8 months this dot failed completely. I purchased another and the new one sounds great. I guess I got a lemon the first time and should have returned it immediate.	2	April 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"I already had issues with its voice recognition, but now it's completely unusable.  The red ""do not listen"" light is on, and refuses to turn off.  I left it unplugged for several hours, it did not fix it.  I did a factory reset followed by leaving it unplugged for several hours, it did not fix it.  It's clearly a software problem, as Alexa will hear me if I push and hold the button down, but that's useless for me.  So the button does indeed function, the Echo just isn't processing it correctly."	1	July 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I ask about gardening, it tells me about eagles, I ask to hear a specific song and it “can’t find it” but if I type it in, miraculously it finds the requested song. Needs tons of work. Nice idea though.	2	April 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought this specifically to sync with my FireTV Cube and create a home theatre system for the family room. The echo dot keeps disconnecting randomly. we will be watching something and the sound just stops. have to unplug and plug the dot a few times to make it work again. fair to say it's quite frustrating. Could not find the fix online. I guess its fine as a standalone device so giving 3 stars.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This was my third echo dot. I love the design but I'm disappointed with the quality of voice recognition, sound and bass. My older gen dots sound much better. The older dots also have tremendous voice recognition and quicker and more accurate responses in comparison to this one. I'm keeping it only because I got it on sale and I don't want to repackage, return, etc. I think the quality ball was dropped on this aesthetically cute little dot.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Voice is sharper than my echo dot 2 but still not great. Alexa's voice has too much bass . I have adjusted it but still not as sharp and clear as my Google minis.  The sound quality is still not clear and sharp.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I already had a 3rd gen Dot and decided to get this one since I’ve enjoyed the first one so much. Big mistake. The sound quality of this 4th gen Dot is horrible in comparison to my older model. I originally placed this Dot in my living room but ended up moving it to my bedroom and the older Dot to the living room because the sound was atrocious and the voice recognition wasn’t much better. I’ll probably still end up getting something else for my bedroom and move this one to the bathroom. This Dot will be fine for a small room, but it’s sad to see the sharp decline in quality when it should be improving. The difference in sound quality when music is playing in multiple rooms is impossible to ignore. I didn’t have to pay $70 for my first Dot that sounds almost as good as my Show 8, so why should I have to now?	2	December 18, 2020	0
Echo Dot	This echo worked well for exactly a year and then suddenly stopped connecting. I’ve tried to everything! I’m just past the warranty date, so disappointed ☹️ Never had issues like this with my other Alexa devices.	1	October 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa is really awesome the only complaint I have is that she SOMETIMES has difficulty understanding what we’re saying when we’re speaking clear English in a quiet room. Really frustrating when playing a game or having to hear her repeat everything again.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I put the echo in my room and it played music for me and read me books. A storm came through my city and the power went out, ever since the echo keeps saying it’s updating each time I press the action button. While it was working it was great.	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is thin and high-pitched. It's more noticeable in Alexa's voice than it is with music. She's not as responsive to the activation word 'Alexa'. She glitches out and talks over herself with multiple responses sometimes. I've have a few of these models, one for myself, one replacement when technical support speculated that it was malfunctioning, and one as a gift. We've had the same issues with all 3.I'd highly recommend saving the $11 and waiting until February to get a 3rd gen.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Not as great as the last Alexa. She seems to have a REALLY hard time hearing us now. Which also makes her understand us worse too. I’m guessing it’s the new design. When the power briefly went out, we had a hard time getting Alexa back online and couldn’t get anything connected to her (like our light) to re-connect. It was really frustrating. The earlier edition was better.	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is terrible! After screaming Alexa about 5 time she will activate. Then she will tell me she can’t connect to the internet or doesn’t know that command. I can ask Alexa on my phone and she responds perfectly. This is a waste of money.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	echo works good for listening to my audible books. but it's an exercise in frustration getting it to do anything else. they advertise just talk to it like a person. yeah....... no! doesn't work. don't get me started :-( sync with audible doesn't work well at all even tho in general, audible sync function DOES work well so guess who the culprit is. this causes me endless frustration so NOPE not buying the 2nd one I planned.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I thought the sound would be way better. You can adjust the bass/mid/treble, that's nice. The bluetooth colored bulb that came with it, stopped working after 1 use. It will not reconnect at all. Tried everything	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Well I have to say the sound of this new speaker is not good. It sounds muffled. No bass at all. I will miss my first generation but it fell in the dog’s water and didn’t make it. Glad to get it for half price on prime day.	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I found that the microphone sensitivity is poor on my unit and, as described in the headline, if often times ignore my spoken request when I speak ""Alexa"" even though the blue light turns on. The Echo(4th gen) is located not more than 10 feet away anytime a request is made. I have to repeat the process several times before I get a response which is very annoying to say the least. When it does respond it is typically accurate and quick."	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Woooow why would I want something that constantly tried to advertise to me in my own home? Even with all the recommendations off, I still get this little robot trying to get me to buy more, including putting things I didn’t ask for on my shopping list. Gross and not worth it.	3	June 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have a total of 4 Echo Dots, now 5, throughout the house. When I play music on my Everywhere Group and walk through the house, you can hear the difference when you walk in the room to the 4th Gen. The sound quality is not better. It is “clearer”, but not good to listen to music on. I am hoping they will be able to keep the 3rd gen to sale because I am not at all a fan of the new gen.	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I ordered the 3rd Gen and loved it maybe a month later the 4th Gen came out and ordered it and it is not the same quality you have yell at it for it to pick up your voice and the sound quality sounds like a cheap tin can. Yes I went into audio and turned it up and it did help a bit but still not as good as Gen 3.... in my opinion Amazon cheaped out on this one.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The whole service is a joke, WHEN it works it’s great but it relies on AWS which makes it unreliable and buggy. It’s tech that I don’t recommend to people, what I call crap tech.	2	April 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Just get the 3rd Gen. It's a few bucks cheaper and sounds much better.	2	June 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Much better sound quality than the 2nd generation Echo Dot. However, this one doesn't obey my commands to play music. After about two days, if I requested a specific song from Spotify, it would either play nothing or a totally different song (sometimes a continuation of the last playlist played on this device). I don't have this problem with the other 8 Echo devices I own.I need to contact support to see if it can be fixed. Otherwise I'll return it.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this echo dot to replace an Echo speaker that kept loosing it's internet connection, even though it was about 15 feet away from the wireless router (in a straight line -- nothing blocking it from the router).  I have 4 othet echo dots (3rd generation) which work flawlessly. This 4th generation it not very good and hearing you and the sound in comparison sound horrible. Thinking should send it back and replace it with a  3rd generation.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is great.  I often have to repeat commands and constantly need to change volume to hear her responses.	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think I got a used one. Got a charcoal Echo with a white power cord. Not happy.	3	October 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When I received an invitation to trade in my old Alex dot for a new one I decided to take advantage of the offer. I believe is was a very bad mistake. The new dot seems to be hard of hearing. It sometimes take 2 or 3 times when I give a command to have it carried out. If this is the way all the new ones operate I would not recommend.	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have some 3rd generation echos and they sound better for some reason. Looks fancy but it also lacks of mic detection. I have to elevate my voice every time but not with the 3rd gen.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When I got a 3rd generation echo, the sound quality was so much better than the 2nd generation, I replaced my devices.  When I found out a 4th generation echo was out, I hoped for more of the same.Sad to say, this is not what I got at all.  Matter of fact, I don't think I got much of anything different then a larger version of my Echo 3.0. Set up was easy, of course, and I asked Alexa to play some music.  At first what I thought I heard was less base then my 2.0, but I'm not certain about that.  I had hoped for more volume, but when I pressed the button to increase the volume, it was already full volume.You may have your own reasons for upgrading, but if you were hoping for better speaker quality, sadly, I don't feel it provides that.  I'd say stay with 3.0.	2	November 28, 2020	0
Echo Dot	The functionality of the 4th gen echo dot is fine, but the sound quality is a huge down grade from the 3rd gen. I’m really not sure what happened here. The 3rd Gen’s sound quality is pretty decent for the size (I own a couple of them) so I thought, surely the new 4th gen would be an upgrade. What a disappointment it was to plug it in and here it playing music. Find a 3rd gen if you can.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not exactly what I was expecting for an “improved model”, the sound quality is not any better than the gen 3, in fact I think the gen 3 sounds better and it takes up less space than the gen 4. The pics on the listing showed 2 speakers and a sub on the model I selected and after I get it I find out that was for a more expensive model that looks just like it. Tricky advertisement!	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Very disappointed with the sound of these speakers. They sound like one of the am radios I had when I was a kid. All bass no high tones, disappointed.	2	May 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa doesn’t respond right away.. I didn’t set up voice recognition.. I wanted to leave open so anyone can use it. Alexa is delayed in responding to request… you have to scream at times for it to activate.	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I received one of the first Generation 4's and it has worked erratically shutting down networks over night and requiring rebooting most mornings. The sound is great but it is not up the the standards of earlier dots and echos I currently own. On the positive side I still have a few weeks to return it if the problems cannot be resolved. If I do return it I would replace it with a later production copy of the Echo 4.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wanted a speaker that was easily movable...this is NOT IT!	2	June 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The device is fine by itself.  Not so easy to integrate it with my other two.  Not know the terms of what you want it to do makes it difficult to set up.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Wanted Echo Dot mainly for music. Plus what other features come with it. Found out you had to pay for the music, if you wanted Alexa to play a certain song.$4.23 for unlimited music a month. I'm okay with it. Friends of mine that have the echo dot 2 really like the echo Dot 4 and we'll probably purchase one for their self. Everyone says Echo Dot 4 is much louder that Echo dot 2.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is like the broken one I replaced. No matter where I put it, it can't hear you. You have to scream at it several times.	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Need higher volume. Reminders too quiet. Can’t always hear. Not able to set up voice recognition.	3	October 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I called both Ring support and Amazon support and neither rep could resolve the issue.  At least the Amazon rep agreed with me that the doorbell won't trigger an otherwise working Alexa routine where the Ring rep kept insisting it was a problem with Alexa and not the doorbell.  The Amazon rep submitted a ticket and I hope to hear back from them sometime this week.	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Only reason this isn't getting 1 star, is because it was free via SiriusXM & the sound is fantastic! Complaint: it keeps shutting off. It's supposed to keep playing music as long it's playing, but it doesn't. I have to continuously tell it to play music.	2	March 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	3rd generation echo dot sounds better because it has better bass and mids...new 4th generation has no bass even with the bass maxed out... essentially it sounds like all treble...no perceived difference in speed between the two...I think the YouTubers got this majorly wrong...the sound is not improved in the fourth generation especially if u like to listen to music...will not be buying more 4th gen echo dots.Design looks nice...i like the LED ring near the base...	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Once it is installed, it is good. Very difficult to setup and support helped little. They just said the home network (where we already have an Alexa device working) is not secure. Had to work a lot with technicians to make it work. Not recommended for people who are highly skilled in network security.	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This was my first Alexa integrated product. I am an Apple user and have always used Siri as my virtual assistant. After hearing that Alexa and Google are the considered smarter assistants, I decided to give this Echo Dot 4th generation a try just because it was on sale. It was not very good. I use HomePods and Siri picks up on everything I say perfectly. While I didn't expect this device to have anywhere near the sound quality of the HomePods, I expected Alexa to understand my commands. My speaking is clear and concise, I don't expect Alexa to understand a rambling sentence. There were times where I would ask her something like ""Play Recently Added playlist on Apple Music"" or ""Set a timer for 15 minutes"" and something totally different would happen or it would just load and then not work. Aside from that, the audio quality was much worse than I expected. As a HomePod user I have nothing to compare it to personally, but a friend has the Echo Dot 3rd generation and it sounds much better in comparison. If I'd paid the full $50 price for this I would be upset and immediately return it. The only thing I liked about it was that I could set Alexa to whisper mode and ask questions quietly."	1	April 11, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The speaker sounds like it got wet. The sound is super muffled and voices are unclear. I bought a used Gen 3 that sounds similar and just assumed that something a previously happened but this Gen 4 sounds even worse than the 3 did.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Talking for my own experience, with the 3rd Generation I never spoke loud although being more than 15 ft away. I could speak soft even with the TV on, but now with this new ""Echo 4th Generation"" I have to scream (literally) and sometimes I must mute the TV in order to say a command.Something that really grinds my gears is receiving a white power cord with a charcoal color device. I hate this contrast."	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I really wanted to like this device! Compared to my Google home, the Echo Dot is terrible. Doesn't understand half of what I ask, tries to sell me things constantly, excessive ""extra"" things being said every time I ask it to do something. Definitely wouldn't buy another."	2	March 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The new echo dot does not have the same sound quality as the old ones. Seems this would be an upgrade not a downgrade. I’ll keep working on it and see if it a settings issue or just the dot itself.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Do not buy no improvements have been made still dumb as a lark only want to run devices cause Alexa’s has gone STUPUD or the guys in the lab highly disappointed enjoy Amazon from 3yrs ago when customers mattered and didn’t have talk to a damn computer instead of a live person highly highly unsatisfied you all need to go back to the basics or just end up like Facebook Twitter and the rest of the idiots out there’s	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the look of this echo but the sound is not as good as my echo dot. Seems like a down grade.  It picks up the voice much better though.Ultimately the sound quality is most important to me	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This Echo dot’s features all work as expected except for the speaker itself. The sound quality is terrible. We have two of the older models and two of these newer models and the sound quality difference is unbelievable. These new ones sound hollow and “tinny”. When walking from room to room even visitors to my house ask about the difference is sound from these speakers. I’m definitely disappointed in them for that sole reason.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We have not tried to do much with this device, mainly because it has been such a pain. It responds maybe about 50% of the time (that's being generous) which is extremely frustrating, and when it does respond it often is not helpful. Quite a few of the times that we have asked for it to play some specific music/album, it has said that request was not available unless we paid extra for Amazon Music(?).  We do not listen to music often enough to pay a monthly fee for that.  We don't need to use it as an alarm clock or for weather (we can use our phones for that info). Seems like much of the fancy stuff it can be programmed to do requires connectability that will require money in some way.  Not that important to us, especially since it doesn't seem to be very reliable. Probably wouldn't purchase again.	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I invested heavily in the Gen 4's and I wish I hadn't. I could have bought 2 times more Gen 3 units for the same price, and they would have been better quality.The Gen 4:- Has a hard time hearing me say its trigger word.- Half of the time it doesn't understand what I am trying to say to it.- Sound quality is worse than the Gen 3.- Black Echo comes with a White Cord.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The speaker is not really an upgrade of any kind. You definitely need external speakers. But for only $100 you can get some pretty nice ones to go with the echo. If you have the previous versions just do that instead of buying a new echo. And the $5 that Amazon gives you for your old version isn’t worth it.	3	May 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It has trouble to connect to my Spotify	2	July 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have Echo Dots of all generations.  This one has a cool, but bulkier form.  I like the reflected light off of the surface it sits on and I think it has better, fuller sound than the 3rd generation.  I don’t know what they did to the microphone and voice recognition, both are a big step backward.  My 3rd generation upstairs often responds when the 4th generation 6ft away is unresponsive.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don't know why but the sound on the 4th gen dot is a definite step back from the echo dot 3rd gen.  The sound is tinny and thin sounding.  The echo dot 3rd gen is a much warmer fuller sound IMO.  I tried to play with the equalizer and the sound boost button on the 4th genbut no matter what I tried, I could not recreate the sound quality.  I returned it for a 3rd gen dot.	3	November 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I’ve had Alexa since the 1st version of the echo.  It’s still kicking in my kitchen.  Got this dot for my office and to be honest, I feel like I wasted money on it.  I’m too lazy to return and deal with it so it’s going to stay there until I just can’t deal with the poor audio.  It works well, understands commands well, executes all good.  But the sound... The audio is sooooooo bad.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	A very handy device when you need information, dropping in on another device, making a phone call or listening to talk radio.  But the audio quality for music playback is lacking.	3	August 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It worked great for about a year.  I loved it and depended on it. Now it becomes unresponsive everyday. I have to unplug it to reset it daily. Up until now I loved it! I expected it to last longer.I can't depend on it or trust it to work anymore. Very disappointed now.	2	February 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I had this eco dot for almost a year. After few montjs it started to show the blue Ring making me configure almost everyday. Don't find the option to return this product. Beside that, sound is good and very nice."	3	October 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Get the Gen 3 instead of this one.Sound quality is way better on the Gen 3 than the Gen 4.This new Gen 4 costs a lot more money, and doesn't sound good.The Gen 3 actually has pretty good sound quality until you get it up 3/4 of the max sound.I bought a bunch of the Gen 3s and a couple of the Gen 4s and I was going to see which I like better.After setting up the Gen 4 I played the same song on the Gen 3 and the Gen 4 side by side with the lights off to really focus on the sound.The Gen 4 sounds like a tin can, it has no quality to it just a empty sound, Even after I adjusted the sound settings, bass and reverb.The Gen 3 actually has some bass and some ""thickness""  to the sound.I'm returning both of my Gen 4s.While we are on the topic, don't get an echo show, the digital display Alexa devices. Just get a fire tablet and use it for the same thing. It does everything the show does but way more, you can get most apps on it."	1	November 20, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Alexa and I don't get along.  She only responds to about half the commands I give her and those responses are at best half accurate.  Keep her around as someone to chat with but don't expect her to do what she's told.  Kind of like a wife.  Who needs one of those?	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa has a very limited database. She doesn’t always recognize my voice or others in the household. I have had to unplug it and plug it back in repeatedly to get it to work	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Was hoping it would give a good sound in the kitchen where we spend a lot of time but that’s just not the case. But it was worth the sale price though, not full price, and I had to hide it because around is weird.	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	She doesn't respond as well as previous version so much so that it is annoying rather than easy to access/use her. The smaller size/foot-print of the previous dot WAS MUCH MORE desirable, so much so that the somewhat improved sound isn't  worth the visual and actual spatial area compromised, overall her much larger overall footprint it simply isn't worth the up-grade, at least for me. They missed a mark here.and I really wanted to like it.	3	January 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not impressed. I bought 2 gen 4’s to replace 2 older gen 1’s.  Both gen 4’s sound runny with volume all the way up, and lack of base. Design quality seems good, but the gen 3 has way better base and clarity.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Hard time sun hung it with our fire stick, doesn’t add to existing account we had for Amazon music so I cancelled the subscription, hard to get anyone technical support. First Alexa I had been absolutely disappointed in. We own three.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Ordered an Echo Dot 4th Gen hoping to get better sound quality. Wanted to add it to my network of 3 Dots. Put it in connection mode and opened the Alexa app on my Fire tablet. It did not show or recognize the Dot4. Opened the Alexa app on my Win 11 laptop. It also did not recognize the Dot 4. Borrowed my daughters Ipad and opened Al. app. It did show and recognize the Dot 4. I added it to the network only to find that it had automatically registered it in my daughters name. This blocked me from accessing my playlists and my Music Unlimited account. It said I could deregister and then reregister the device to change it. I did, and once again, without offering me the opportunity to choose the connection it entered it in my daughters name. At this point I said I've wasted enough time and energy on this, so back it goes.	1	February 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	works great like the sound good use some work or voice recognition other than that I really hate the spherical shape.	3	September 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I decided to write this review, cause probably a lot of people use apple devices, you should be aware that if you are not living on USA or Mexico. The echo dot will not allow you to play music from apple music when you request. The only way to play music from apple music is pairing your iphone via Bluetooth, and thats why i decided to change my last review.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is terrible.  When I play music the base sounds is very distracting.  Sounds like the boom radios in cars and it is very disturbing when I want to relax and listen to music.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	A lot of times you have to be right up on it to tell her to do something for her to do it.	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This generation of Alexa is somehow more dumb than the last. She barely picks up her name, which I have set to “computer” and she ignores it most of the time. They moved the light ring to the bottom which from across the room is harder to see, especially if you have things around it. The sound quality is the same as the older one despite appearing to have more speaker area. Pretty disappointing for a new speaker.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have many echo dots around the house and this has the worst microphone array so far. Another echo dot from halfway across the house would pick up my voice before this one would. Speakers are loud and crisp.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The speaker itself is good qualityBut AlexaAlexaAlexaAlexaAlexaaa!!!!Let me just say these things listen for their name to be called worse than my children. My cat does what he’s told on the first try more frequently than this god damn AlexaAgain the speaker itself is greatBut my CAT is more responsive to his name than this speaker, MY CAT!!!!	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Look, MOST of us get these for the music playing capabilities. We like a little music in the office, or bedroom, or whatever, and don't want to shell out $70+ for the full size, and we like the compact size of the dot.  So, what actually matters, is the sound.  The gen 2 sound was meh, at best. Gen 3 was a crazy awesome upgrade. As long as you kept the volume under 70ish percent, it sounded GREAT.  This gen 4 sounds TERRIBLE.  ""Tinny"" is the word for it.  My  phone, an LG G6 (yeah, and old G6) has nearly as good and clear of a speaker.  Returning both Gen 4s I bought and hopefully the Gen 3s I order will be here by Christmas, as these were both presents.  I am SO SO SO glad that I unboxed and tested out the Gen 4 before wrapping it up and giving it to my family members.  It's almost like Amazon is trying to embarrass a bunch of gift givers this year who will give the gen 4 as an ""upgrade"" to people's gen 3.  Those poor folks will fire up their brand new Gen 4, say ""play Wizards in Winter by Trans-Siberian Orchestra,"" and 9 seconds later will be thinking that this is the most elaborate gag gift they've ever heard of."	1	December 3, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Ni el dispositivo, ni tampoco la aplicacion recocen mi hue phillips.	3	October 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the GEN 3 better, simply put it has better sound.	3	October 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Lo compre porque los comentarios de la gente eran que se podía hacer muchas ordenes y era útil y estaba muy completo de información, pero me defraudo porque para Argentina no sirve. Cualquier cosa que le pedís de este país no la sabeAl final lo tengo enchufado en el leaving y lo único que sabe informar es el pronóstico del tiempo.	3	May 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not a huge improvement when it comes to listening to music.After speaking to a rep, I realized it is still called a dot(sphear), thought it would have an improved speaker from the older dots(hockeypuck) looking ones. Upgrading review to 3 stars since I previously thought I was getting a better echo devices but its the same.  I should have noticed that in the name of it. Woops!	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got this for my room as I heard from reviews the speakers sounded good and I wanted aSmart speaker in my room..very disappointed at the sound quality. Sounds like a cheap speaker from Walmart. Voice recognition works about 75% of the time. Extremely disappointed and would have to say don’t spend the money and go with google home products or go all out and buy the apple HomePod..google home products have good sound quality and in my experience work better	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Loved the early Prime Day deal on this cute speaker, but COULD NOT connect to Spotify or Apple Music. Talked to Customer Service forever, but finally decided to return it since I didn’t own any other Alexa items anyway.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is definitely a step down from the original Alexa. It is horrible at reading my voice and and my directions.  I often have to repeat things 2 or 3 times...	2	April 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	While I enjoy Alexa devices and have purchased some as gifts, one of the echo devices I purchased have malfunctioned outside of the replacement window. I purchased Oct 2020 and as of late last year it stopped connecting. I tried to use chatrooms to help troubleshoot but everything has ultimately failed. It doesn’t connect to the wifi anymore. All the other devices still connect but this is the only newer echo dot and it won’t connect after a day or so. I still recommend the echo Show but not the newer dots.	1	July 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Had a google home before and thought this was gonna be an upgrade. The devices are very similar in ability, especially when paired with other devices in their brand. Still a solid device but not much different than a google home	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Actually, the sound is as good as the Studio model! The only drawback is it doesn’t hold a charge so has to be plugged in all the time. That should be improved; I couldn’t for example put it out by my pool etc. otherwise fine. Pairing can be spotty so have strong WiFi.	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Didn't feel it was an improvement over my other dots.  Slow to respond.  We often have to repeat commands several times to get device to respond.	3	August 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Epically disappointed. Not happy at all. Husband and i are divorcing, he got all our 3rd gen devices for his new place.  I bought all new 4th gen devices for mine.  I bought 5 devices: the base plus 4 dots. The base/hub sounds just ok....not as good as 3rd gen, but meh, i can deal. However THE DOTS....OMG. HORRIBLE. The sound is tinny, far away, CHEAP.  Like a cheap pair of ear buds. Tried adjusting the treble and bass, nope, still sounds like crap. Shame on you Amazon. I feel totally ripped off.  Beyond upset about this.Update:  I am returning all 4 dots/speakers.  UPS man is coming today to pick these pieces of garbage up and take them away.  Luckily, there are still some 3rd gen dots for sale, so I ordered 4 3rd gen dots instead.Update #2:  Got my four Gen 3 dot delivered yesterday.  Sound quality is BEAUTIFUL.  Excellent.  Exactly what I would expect.  Now I have excellent sound quality throughout my home, not just on my Gen 4 hub.  Very pleased now.  Stay away from 4th gen dots, people, stick with gen 3 on the dots. Hub is ok for 4th gen, still keeping it, but  prefer 3rd gen hubs as they have superior sound quality.	1	December 27, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Overall, my family and I enjoyed the 4th GEN DOT. Good sound quality and all that. I ordered it November of 2020 and expected it to last longer than just a year and a half. I've tried plugging it in to different outlets around the house, hoping it would maybe reset or wake up again but it's just blank. Alexa doesn't respond when called on and the light up feature on the bottom doesn't do anything. Kind of disappointed this didn't last longer as I'm sure there are others out there who have had theirs for 2+ years possibly. I wouldn't have bought this had I known the longevity isn't there.	1	May 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I currently have four third gen dots and now this one fourth gen dot. I was super excited to get this dot and move it to my bedroom. I use my dot daily for alarms and light settings. I have to shout at this dot to work and sometimes the 3rd gens hear me in the other room and this one doesn't even light up . So overall mic performance is poor. As for the speakers... They are a bit louder but there is a ""cave-like hollowness' to them. The sounds seem to be more directional vs evenly distributed. I guess it is ok but the sad part is this might be moved to a non important room and I will bring back the 3rd Gen. I recommend skipping this generation and sticking with the 3rd gen.. Come on Amazon. Lets make this right!.. To many poor reviews will make us buyers look elsewhere."	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Dot	It’s just another ordinary echo dot. If you like using Alexa, then you’d probably benefit from this echo dot. The thing I didn’t realize was the sound quality, and it is super different from the 3rd Gen echo dot. I feel the 3rd Gen echo dot had better sound quality and this echo dot did not have it. If you want a premium Amazon Alexa device, go for the extra money and get the 4th Gen Echo.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I bought this to replace my gen 1 Alexa. Shortly after comparing them side by side the gen 1 functioned on par with the gen 4 but sounded significantly better in every aspect as a speaker. Returned the gen 4 and saved myself $50	2	March 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have many echo dots and I give them as gifts all the time. I USUALLY love them. This 4 generation is a huge disappointment to me. The sound quality is so poor compared to my 3rd generations. Maybe I have a bad one,  but it sounds like music being played on a cheap throwaway speaker/tin can sound. So if you want an echo dot, get a third generation until Amazon corrects the issue.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This Amazon Alexa Dot I have had for a few months now.  When I received it, the Dot seemed to work fine.  However, over just a few weeks, it started not to perform like it did.  There have been many times that you ask it to give some information, and it does nothing!  Just sits there and the colors spin!  I ask it to Play My Music and again it does nothing!  Why is this?  I have tried everything I was told to do, but it still has the same problem!  My other Amazon Alexa works just fine, with some small exceptions.  I just tried it today, and still have the same thing.  I am not happy with this product!  I should try another one, but don't want to purchase it.  If you all have any suggestions, they would be appreciated.	1	February 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I'm really confused about the shape of this. The previous generation is a better design in my opinion. This just is not appealing and it takes up too much space. Also very bummed out about the sound quality. One of the reasons I bought this one is because they said it was better sound/bass.. I did not find that to be true. I'm still on the fence, kind of want to return it	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have a 3rd generation and now this 4th generation. I would have to say the voice recognition on both is bad. My 3rd is in my son room and the 4th is in the kitchen and if we raise our voices (which we have to do bc neither one can react) then both over talk each other and can’t understand.Sound quality is ok different songs and podcasts have different tones for same set of volume.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I like my Echo Dot (for the limited things I can use it for). I am disappointed that I can’t play any of my music saved on my IPhone. The only option to play your music is if you join Apple Music on a monthly payment plan. Not looking for more bills, especially during the pandemic. Hopefully I can find more ways to utilize the Echo Dot in the future.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like when I want to listen music or anything!! But the speaker is not great also I am in Trouble with Alexa some time to hear me or understand me!!	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really wanted to like this new echo dot but I don't think the speaker is any better than the previous dot ....it doesn’t respond as well either unless you are facing it.  Also, tends  to get knocked over easy.  I decided to send it back - perhaps another version will be better at some point. If you’ve never had a dot, you will probably like it and think it’s great.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Amazon echo doesn't even really recognize what I'm saying I have to scream for it to recognize it does not respond to really anything and just bought and Alexa is now within 3 months or 4 months of me buying not responsive she doesn't respond when I say hello Alexa time to wake up it's like it just died and I barely used it	3	April 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	- Only works if it is continuously plugged in.- This particular Echo Dot (Alexa) does not allow other wake words ... or allow you to refer to Alexa as any other word of your choice- Bass quality is poor as far as listening to music on it goes.Other than that it is good. Guess it can’t do everything for the lil $30 I spent ... shouldn’t complain I guess.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like Aleza, she works with my phone, but will not connect to my internet.  I have spent 2 days trying to get her to connect.  I have chatted via text, and did everything they said.  I did it several times, and Aleza still will not connect.  If I can't get it connected, it does not work for me and will be returning her.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’m not sure what I was looking for but the only difference that I’ve seen between the 3G and 4G is the price (4G is more expensive). I like the Alexa products but probably won’t rush to buy a 5G.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	She just doesn't work for nearly anything. Even playing music is a hassle because she just doesn't understand what I'm asking for. I'm never buying any type of Amazon home assistant again.	1	October 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	There's nothing I dislike about this 4th gen I got it to replace a 3rd gen because its in the same room as the 4gen echo (they look nice together) so I can have stereo in my living room... I was hoping it sounded a little better but its about the same no improvement (hence the 3*) But yeah I like the way they look together...	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is rather spotty on answering questions or following requests. (Ask about the weather, and she wants to play a song.) Ask to play a song and for no reason, the sound is very muted. It's the strangest thing.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When I tell her to set alarm she does but there is no way you can hear it...THE SOUND WILL NOT HOLD AT THE SETTING YOU SET IT AT! It keeps dropping off to the point it is more like a whisper...I am not at all happy this is the replacement to the first one that did the same thing...My son and I followed all the instructions but nothing works it will not hold the volume number you choose....We contacted you folks but no luck...Echo 1 worked fine but this one Echo 4 is a joke and I am not at all pleased with it...I really am sorry to have to say that cause it is a good product when it works right..	2	August 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I love it for many reasons and it was a great gift to receive for Christmas but I cannot figure out how to import my contacts.  I’ve gotten to the point where I clicked import contacts but when I try to inable it is says “sorry, something went wrong please try again later” I’ve been eating for the past three days. It is not that big a deal but it would be really useful for me.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The audio on this generation is an upgrade but not as much as I had hoped. But I do enjoy it. I should’ve gotten the one with premium sound. Overall I enjoy it though	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Too small. Not the way was described. Not really Good	2	June 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s always loosing the configuration, and we have to reset up everything when that happens, and it happens very often	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We had the original Echo Dot. It was awesome! We had it paired with our surround sound system and it was great with voice recognition, sensitivity, etc. Unfortunately it died recently. We bought this new Echo and it is awful. Terrible recognition, never listens to what we ask or say, not sensitive. I want my old dot back!	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love that I can just have music playing and I can yell to turn down and it goes down 1 volume level  so you have to tell it how low or high you want it.	2	April 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The Alexa I bought was not very useful. I bought it for my business and I am disappointed. My Alexa had to be  reconnected to my phone through blueetooth everytime I used Alexa. Also setup for the Alexa wasnt as easy as it seems.  I want a refund to buy a new one instead of a used product!	3	May 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I thought the sound would  be way better  and loud  if I knew this I wouldn't even had bothered buying this	2	May 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have a 3rd Gen Echo and figured the 4th Gen Echo would be better.  Nope.  1st thing, the sleek black look was killed with the White cord.  Doesn't match and makes it look cheap.  The sound quality is poor.  All treble and no base even though I did maximize the base to a 6.  Didn't work, sounds crappy for music.  I will return and order another 3rd Gen Echo.	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We have a few other Different models and they can easily understand me but not this one. In fact sometimes another unit in another room will answer my question directed to this unit.	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I've owned three generations of these now.  I have to say that this 4th Gen is really only improvement is the looks.  That's it.  The speaker must be smaller or something and it does not have the same sound as the 3rd Gen.  I ordered the black version and it comes with a white (light grey) cord which looks tacky.Skip this one and get yourself a 3rd Gen if you want better sound.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	EN CASA TENGO UN ECHO DE 3TH GEN. QUISE PROBAR CON ESTA 4TH GEN. PERO ME RESULTA QUE NO QUIERE CONECTAR A WIFI, SOLO DICE FALLA DE CONEXION, LO HE PROBADO EN VARIOS WIFI, DEL TRABAJO Y DE LA CASA QUE TENGO 2 WIFI Y NO CONECTA, ME MARCA ERROR COMO SI LA CONTRASEÑA NO ES LA CORRECTA, SE VERIFICO Y NO ES ESO. ES QUE EL ECHO TIENE UN DESPERFECTO.	1	August 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Got it mostly for turning a light on and off. Worked fine for about six months, then would become unresponsive and need to be re-set almost daily. Tired everything recommended. Ruled out wifi trouble and the Amazon smart plug. Using set-up mode with the app no longer works on the device...the app can no longer find it even though sitting right next to it with full-strength wifi signal. Device will not enter set-up mode after orange light comes on. Now orange light will not even come on. Very frustrating.	2	November 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	At first I really liked it.  It was responsive and very useful.  I had thought about getting a second 4th gen Alexa for another room.  After a few weeks it stopped responding, about every other time (it would light up so it heard me) but it wouldn’t respond.  I rebooted it several times, it would work for a day or so, then it would do the same thing.  I sent it back to Amazon because it was still eligible for return, I have now been waiting for 2 months for a refund.  Even after contacting Amazon, it still has a status of item received, refund will be processed on 2-3 business days.  It’s been 2 months.	1	April 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I will like when I can get it to work. Or I may send back.	3	September 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’ve literally spent several whole entire days trying to get this Amazon Echo Dot (4th Gen) to work and nothing but wasted time I can’t get back.Waited on the phone chatting with a rep that attempted to help and he ran me through all the steps I already tried. Still nothing seems to work.It was gifted to me by my son when I returned from a deployment, probably lasted all of six months before taking a dump on me.Pros:cool designnice volume (compared to other dots)connects to other Amazon devices and non AmazonCons:Needs a back up method to set up in case wireless failsCould use more bassBetter warranty program for defective devices	1	April 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The plug housing cracked open, wasn’t dropped.	3	October 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought an Echo Dot 4th Gen as a  present so my wife could stream VPRClassical. I could not activate or connect it to my Verizon WiFi home network through my new iMac desktop (I have no mobil devices), so I got help from Amazon customer service. They had solved past problems easily. Over a week, I worked with 4 chat and 3 phone agents for a total of 12.5 hours. The first device was returned to Amazon by one of the phone agents (“because it did not have the correct software for use through a computer”, and a new Echo Dot was ordered for me by him. Three hours on the phone with an Amazon agent and an Apple technician failed to solve the problem with the 2nd device. The agents were patient and courteous, and really tried to be helpful. There is something wrong with this device or the instructions. Life is too short for me to keep trying!Follow-up on this review: After I filed this review, I was called by a technical agent from Amazon who knew exactly what should have been done by the agents I had chatted or talked with. If I had gotten to him prior to returning the Echo Dot, I have no doubt I would be operational now. This has restored my high faith un Amazon!	1	January 2, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I initially but bought this to use with smart plugs. However even though the instructions reported it would b compatible. The echo dot wasn’t able to stay connected. I since sent the smart plugs back for a refund. The only reason I kept the echo dot is because it plays my music. My rating is a result of this experience. Oh I also can’t integrate it with the Alexa on my fire stick.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This was the second Dot I had trouble with.  I have 4 other Dots with no problems.  New one went off line and would not reconnect. About to send this one back when I an Angle at customer service said, ""Hold the O button down for 25 seconds:  Factory  Reset !  Did setup on phone.  Works well since."	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is no where near the echo dot that it replaced.  I kept it but ordered an older version.	3	September 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Replaced a gen3 Echo dot with this gen4 model. One of the new features is supposed to be improved sound.Heck, no.It's actually worse if you ask me. it doesn't sound better.Also, I'm not a fan of the new location of the light circle - you have to pick it up to see the volume by looking at the light-circle, which doesn't help at all.Sorry Amazon... not impressed...	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s a great device when it links up to your other tech (turns on lights, controls tv, combines other echo devices). But it’s irritating that Alexa doesn’t recognize any of the routines I have lined up, particularly my morning routine and my night routine. I’m glad this was a gift, because I would not recommend buying	2	January 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Maybe I have a broken device, but the voice recognition is abysmal. I have 2 other echo devices and they are fantastic at voice recognition. I have to shout just to get this device to sometimes hear me and activate listening mode.	1	September 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Es una ayuda muy grata para coordinar agenda y utilizar gadgets, en cuanto  a información  del país  donde se utiliza es deficiente, tambien se deberia mejorar el reconocimiento de voz	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Pros: It looks great! Voice recognition is pretty decent, better than Google Home.Cons: Not really a con but it's not really any better than the Gen 3 as far as audio output is concerned. If you had a choice, just get the third one as the drivers inside are identical (as far as I know).	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don't even know what to say. This is worst echo ever voice recognition doesn't exist. Takes 3 or 4 tries to wake her up and then she hears something completely different. Will say sound is decent but that's not enough. We've already decided on another assistant in this household	1	September 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Horrible downgrade from the 3rd gen in terms of sound quality.  Very tinney and absolutely no depth or bass.  After a couple days of use I packed it away, bought two more third generation units and have been very happy with them.  I'm also not a fan of the ""sphere"" design with really cheap looking buttons on top.  Why not go with a buttonless design like Google has?!"	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"This is a vast improvement over the previous versions, in terms of build quality and sound. I do not think they should be describing it as ""white."" It's not even close to white. It's a rather ugly greenish gray, a color I would call ""putty."" I'm into how colors work together if I had known this was gray, I would have ordered black instead. But then again, is the black really black?"	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Product is great. The monthly billing I do not understand.  I have so far paid 8.99-5 times $6-5 times and 12.99 twice all for a device that was 35$ with free shipping.  It has hit my account every 2 days since the product was ordered. Day 1 was 3 charges for the 8.99. 3 months of payments.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"most of the time i use it when falling asleep and the volume loudness that i want is between to loudness ""steps"".  needs more loudness variability.  otherwise very good sound."	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	No me agrado que funciona con toda las voces, cualquiera que le hable, entonces tengo miedo de configurar el llavin de la puerta. Por otro lado no te dice el pronóstico de tu sector ni tampoco llama por teléfono a números fuera de Estados unidos y canada. No vale lo que cuesta.	2	February 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Does what it wants	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Echo DOT is just like another child in the family.  I have to keep repeating myself over and over before she does what I want her to do and gets it right.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I expected it to be a lot better at answering questions. It is great for making lists or setting alarms, but it's only about 30-50 percent correct on answers. It often has no idea what I have said.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is an ok upgrade but nothing significantly to write home about.  The style and design are upgraded but the features are for the most part the same.  I really wanted the one with the clock to see the time at a glance.  When the clock one is on sale I will buy one. :)	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It does it’s job pretty well but if you think you are playing music on it I recommend you look elsewhere.  Audio quality is pretty crap, and I mostly wanted to listen to streaming audio from it.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don’t know why I keep using these echo dots. They never listen or understand me. I’ll be standing right over it and I have to repeat myself a few times. Turn off the lights, ding. Lights are still on. I repeat it and she turns the fan on. Why???!!!	1	September 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you're getting this product to use with Alexa, it's fine and the set up is easy, but the sound quality is better on the previous generation of Echo Dot.  This one sounds tinny - and yes, I've adjusted the bass, mid and treble.  It's a bummer.  I have several Dots and this sound quality reminds me of the first generation - which is not what I think their intention was.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It's not that loud, issue with voice recognition, something seems to be wrong with interactive games.. Glad I got it for half price on prime day because I don't think it's worth the original price. Would have been disappointed**updating review** the speaker is very low and I attempted to unlink from TV, not able to, can no longer hear my tvs audio, tried contacting customer service, the reps are useless and the last rep I spoke to ghosted me. Not worth it	1	July 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We just recently got a 3rd gen and were so in love we bought the 4th gen to go in a different room. When I set it up originally I thought the volume wasn't all the way up because Alexa sounded muffled and then I played music and it was just terrible. The volume at 10 didn't even compare to the 3rd gen. Also there was no type of base at all the music just sounded flat. I used the everywhere app and played them together. The 3rd gen can be heard from upstairs and the 4th cant even be heard until you're in the room. I hope that this is just my device specifically. Because if not than it is a rip off in price since the 3rd gen is CHEAPER and BETTER QUALITY in my opinion. I'm starting my refund process and going to use it to get another 3rd	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Decent speaker but for a considerably taller, ball-shaped unit that takes up more space than the previous generation I was expecting a notable improvement in sound quality which it does not exhibit. I  also had to update the software on all 3 units I bought Which was surprising. Lastly these commonly stop playing for no obvious reason when playing in a paired “group” (using whole-house shared-play music, which is the only reason I have so many)	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Me hubiese gustado que tenga integrado el reloj digital para poder ver la hora y no estar preguntando la misma al dispositivo	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I keep getting Alexa responses when requesting Echo to respond.	3	October 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really thought it was a lot bigger than it was.	3	October 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is the second Alexa product I have received - one as a gift and this on which I purchased.  Similar to the Show that I was given as a gift, after a very short period of time the device does not stay connected to WiFi.  So, in order to make use of the device I have to reconnect it to WiFi repeatedly. Needless to say, this makes the device practically useless for the purposes for which I purchased it.  Amazon didn't offer any kind of remuneration for the show, which I tried to get working for months using the Amazon helpline - which wasn't much help.  The few times I have used it (after repeatedly connecting it to WiFi), it worked OK.  Voice recognition, sound quality, and ability to control other devices were OK.	1	March 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I've had every release of the dot since the 2nd generation and the newest one doesn't perform any better than the 3rd. I had a bit of an issue getting it connected and getting audio to play on it instead of it going to my 3rd generation that was moved to the kitchen. Other than that it performs fine, but again, the 3rd probably sounds just as good if not better.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have to say Alexa like two or three times before she pickups my command.  It's frustrating when I constantly have to repeat and raise my voice just to get Alexa to prompt.  I swear I am not describing my kids, although, it does sound familiar, maybe Alexa is so smart, that she too doesn't care to listen.  Haha.  Seriously though!  Very frustrating.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This rating would be a 5 for the actual Echo but my Echo is Charcoal and the power cord is white! Seriously?!?! The only way to rectify this according to Customer Service is to order a black one and contact them and they will refund the cost of the cord. I guess I will just keep the white one as I already have too many power cords. Well all I can say is ""2020""!"	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is muffled. Voice recognition is stubborn. Have to yell standing right next to it to wake it up. They could of at least made the power cord match in color. One major flaw is that it's totally dependent on it's Amazon server. If the server goes off line it's as dumb as a stump. Only plus I can give it is when it does wake up, it can do some pretty cool things	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I had the original and have loved it so much. Unfortunately it just stopped connecting to the wifi so we replaced it with this one. I am almost always at max volume in the main living space. I think it would be fine for a single room but i was hoping for it to be more like the original.	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s a little bit hard to set up and I really don’t like the app, it’s very confusing and it doesn’t help very much with questions you have. I had to google everything. Because of the really hard time we had setting her up I knocked 2 stars off. But once all that is over I love my Alexa. I use her for my grocery list, music and reminders. The whole family loves it!	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is ok. And don’t know why but the music stops playing after 10 mins. It’s annoying . I even tried setting her up to time the music for like an hour and still after 10 mins she stopped. But other than that. It fulfills its purpose .	3	May 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Muchas veces a Alexa le cuesta reconocer la voz o bien reconocer palabras, no es todo el tiempo pero si pasa.Y no es por el ruido ambiental ni mucho menos	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I know that they say the same speaker in the 3rd Gen is in the 4th Gen but the sound is worse. It seems to lack the bass and doesn't go nearly as loud as 3rd Gen. I'm sure it has to do with the 4th Gen being directional while the 3rd Gen was omni. Just get the 3rd Generation! Alexa is the same on both! Save a few bucks!	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I have 5 different types of Echo Devices in my house and this is a step above the original Echo Dot.We have theOriginal Echo Dot3rd Gen Echo Dot (3 of these)3rd Gen Echo (like a mini tower)Echo Show (10"") 2nd Genand the 4th Gen Echo Dot (ball version)I was expecting the quality of the sound on the 4th Gen Echo Dot to be like my 3rd Gen Echo Dots, which are great.  But this 4th Generation Echo Dot, the volume is not very loud and I feel only a slight step above the original Echo Dot.Very Disappointed in this, especially since not knowing this, I bought 9 of them for Nieces and Nephews for xmas"	2	June 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The soung quality is subpar compared to gen 3.	2	June 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Looks nice, works as well as any other echo I have but sound quality is not as good as previous generation Dots, in my opinion, and I have 4 3rd gen dots, a gen 1 and 3 echo, so I think I would recognize he differences.  This gen 4 sounds tinny. I’d return if I wasn’t outside the return period and hadn’t gotten the discount from ordering via Alexa.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don’t know what happened to the sound quality. Amazon make such a big deal about how great this new model sounds but side by side, this sounds much worse than my 3rd gen Echo dot. Really let down by this model. Sound quality aside, it functions on differently (better or worse) from any other Echo dot I’ve owned.	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"If you're looking for a white version of the Echo Dot, they don't make one! Not sure why they decided to offer these in two shades of gray but put ""white"" in the name of one of them. Also, the speaker is not, as advertised, an improvement over the speaker in previous generations. It sounds tinny and muffled. No need to purchase this if you already have a dot that works!"	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is my 3rd dot, and I think I actually prefer my two second generations over this one. The design is very cute but I haven't noticed any huge improvement over the third generation ones. And of the sound quality is much worse. Sounds much more 'canned' compared to the others. I'm glad I got this one at a significant discount because I would have been upset to pay full price for a worse product.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Integration is seamless. Audio is definitely an improvement. But voice recognition... I have the unit placed 3 feet from the sofa and I've lost count how many times Alexa doesn't hear me, in the past 3 months. While playing music (at an average volume level), there are times I have to control Alexa through the app because I speak it's name, I hear the acknowledgement beep and before I get a word out, the music resumes. Sometimes she hears my wife, sometimes I have to yell at Alexa for her. Very disappointed. Additionally, I have a Google Hub Mini nearby that responds better and initiates actions noticeably quicker, such as turning on the lights.	2	September 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It does everything I expected it to do BUT it has no time face!	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	In terms of actual usefulness, I gave it a 3.  Its not needed in my household but it is fun to ask it silly questions.  Voice recognition I thought would be more secure...it seems anyone regardless of who it is set up for can speak to it.  I won this device during the holiday party at work so I guess I cant complain about it too much.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The device does not consistently recognize my voice.  I was able to intergrate the device with my phone after multiple efforts.  Music plays well on the device when you are able to get it to play music.  If this device was not received as a gift, I would return it.	2	January 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	English language works fine but have some hiccups when switch to Spanish and the sound quality is average. The interaction with Alexa is funnier in English than Spanish but sometimes lags recognizing simple commands.  7.5/10	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I didn't hear my voice very well and it didn't let me complete my sentence or question before it cut me off, a lot	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got this to replace my noise machine and also have the option to play music, unfortunately white noise is too high tech for this thing. If you ask it to play white noise it does, however it is an audio loop of white noise that resets every hour, making the white noise stop once per hour. This wakes me up every time it stops. Terrible product and terrible implementation of white noise it's honestly just really dumb to design it like that. Wouldn't recommend buying this.	1	July 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This echo does not hear me like the old ones do.  I need to get close to it for it to know I’m talking to I.  The one on the next room over responds without this one recognizing it’s being spoken to.  Sound is ok it you point it in the right direction.  The old ones were better.	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Aesthetics for this product are a 10/10 but the sound quality, volume, and voice recognition are lacking. I’m unsure if my device is defective or it’s just poorly made, but all of my 3rd Gen devices work flawlessly. It takes about 3 tries to get my echo to register my voice and half the time it doesn’t pick up the right command. I only use mine for lighting/music and it’s been a nightmare.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is great! The multiple functions is great! BUT, ALOT of times Alexa will stop playing my music out of nowhere. The blue ring will spin at bottom as if Alexa is listening to me speak, but Without me having to call her attention. I’ll mute the microphone to see if that will work- it DOES NOT work. EXTREMELY EXTREMELY Annoying!!! Definitely wouldn’t have wasted my money on it!	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	First one delivered, would not stay connected to the internet.  Return was a pain to get authorized,  1 hour troubleshooting with tech, got disconnected and all the notes taken were ignored by the second tech after another 30 minutes finally got a return/replacement authorized.  Amazon sent a QR code that I had to take to a REAL UPS Store which there are very few in my area.  Closest one was 30 mins away.  Why don't they just let me print a label and drop it off at a thousand places that take UPS.  Dropping off at the UPS store was a breeze, getting there was a pain.  The replacement is working fine, so did the original for 2 weeks.  If it Dies again, i will get a refund and buy the 3rd gen which always worked.	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It does not sink with light bulb that I bought with it.	3	September 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Don’t know how to use it. No instructions	3	October 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was gifted the dot for Christmas this year and the person who gifted it to me ranted and raved about the sound quality and how it’s supposed to be better than the Alexa Tower sound quality was. I am very disappointed in the sound quality, as I primarily use it to listen to music in the main area of my house. Otherwise it functions as expected!	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Still woefully disappointing. Sound constantly cuts out, like the older ones, except it cuts to static instead of just silence. Voice recognition still not great. Has more connectivity issues than my older models. Over all the only reason I'm still using Alexa speakers is because I have so many and can't invest in a better system at this time.Update: someone from Amazon reached out to me to help ""fix"" the issue. They simply recommended rebooting my internet. This did not work, the speaker still cuts to static frequently and drives me absolutely insane. I wish I'd never bought it."	2	October 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I use it in my bedroom and the sound quality played from Amazon Music HD is poor at best. It's really a shame. The full size Echo is so much better. I would not recommend it.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Stopped working properly constantly saying there’s no internet. 2nd time it’s been replaced. Only worked for a year.	1	November 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This product is an Alexa. It’s great. But this gets 2 stars because amazon completely wiped 3rd generation echo dots and the clock versions off the face of their market which is a bit silly really in order to sell more 4th gens. To me the 3rd gen was perfect but I had to get 4th since there’s no alternative on here specifically. What’s worse is because of this move; it warranted a nasty precedent for people to put toxic level pricing on last years echo dot since they don’t make it anymore going anywhere from 50+ when every single consumer absolutely picked up the white one with the clock at around 20 dollars which was it’s normal real price. This move damaged the market for an echo dot model I loved and forced a new one down our throats so it’s gonna be a no from me.	2	December 30, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I had a Alexa 2nd generation for almost three years already, and I really like it. But recently Alexa just started to break down, and didn’t work well with the voice command. So I decided to get a new one, which is the 4th generation, but it comes out with a bad result, the 2nd generation of Alexa is way more better.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got the Echo 3rd gen as a bundled add on with a Ring alarm system. I've really grown to love it. The thing that really impressed me was how such a small device can produce rich, room filling sound. So, when I decided to incorporate some smart plugs into the system I ordered a dot 4th gen anticipating if not an improvement in sound quality at least comparable performance. Nope, nope, nope. The 4th gen sounds tinny and hollow. It's been relegated to the back room and the 3rd gen has regained its place in the front of the house. I really like the aesthetics of the 4th gen. The ball shape and the light ring at the bottom of the device are cool. But the fact that it produces c-r-a-p sound is a deal breaker. Oh well, the 4th gen will suffice as a support dot.	2	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Dot	This one is my least favorite.  I can be standing right beside it and it won't light up but if I'm in a different room it answers. Makes no sense. Everything else is the same but not having good voice recognition is really not good especially for the newest version.	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Echo doesn't respond right to questions, sound quality isn't good. Google home is much better then echo	3	September 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have several of these dots 2nd, 3rd, & now 4th generation. However, I can’t figure out why in the world Amazon would pair a white cord with a black product? All of my previous 2nd & 3rd generation products maintained their corresponding color theme. Black products should pair with black cords. White products should pair with white cords.  Honestly, this is a small thing, but it really bugs me.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Compared to my other 3 Alexa devices this one has a hard time with voice recognition and it takes a while for it to get to what I want it to do.	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love all my echo devices but this new one has a white cable with a charcoal devices??? That’s crazy I call customer service they told me that’s they way they all come. It is visually in appealing.	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have a 3rd generation Echo and three 3rd generation Echo Dots. All of them sound better than this. I got the charcoal version, which people have claimed more often sounds worse. Mine sounded bad. Walking from a room with any 3rd generation to the one with this poor thing, there was a noticeable degradation in sound quality. Tinny as all get out. I switched it to another room with a gen 3 Dot that sounded good to see if it was acoustics, but they sound noticeably different side by side. The firmware is up to date and messing with the equalizer was no help at all. Other people have been happy with their new dots compare to the previous version but mine was worse, too bad to keep. Now I'm just hoping my return finds its way back to Amazon with all the other holiday packages.It also came with a white cord, which looks stupid. That would not have been a deal breaker, as I have cordwrap, but it looks so out of place. I bought a dark one because it was going on a dark surface, but didn't squint at the product listing closely enough to see that the cord would be white. Why would it be? None of the previous ones shipped with a mismatched cord.	1	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I like the redesign, the light makes it more visible especially on tabletops. HOWEVER, I am really disappointed with the speaker. I thought it was supposed to be better than Dot 3rd Gen, but the bass is really lacking for me. It sounds better at high volumes, but I don’t like maxing it out since I do not live alone. Overall, I would just stick with my 3rd gen, which is more worth it	3	November 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The product damaged my wood end table. This pic was taken after spending 100 to get it repaired.  Place felt pads under to prevent damage.	3	August 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Pass volume 4 and it will sound horrible. Thought Amazon would deliver some decent audio but no. If you just want Alexa is ok.You’re better off with the version without speaker	2	April 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought these as an upgrade for my kids' computer room, to replace the 3rd generation Dots that were already there and sounded great.  I'm sending these back and ordering another set of 3rd gen Dots for their bedrooms instead because the 4th Generation dot doesn't play nearly as loud as the 3rd generations and have nowhere near as much bass output. Even with the EQ adjusted. They're right on the backs of their desks and set up as a home theater with the firestick TV directly above them and still neednto be tuned up to max volume just to hear movie dialog that was crisp and clear at 40% volume on the other Dots.  Anyone who said these sound better must be a complete treble rebel and love overly-bright sound systems with anemic sound.  I don't see the point in them taking up twice as much space as their predecessors without offering a single noticeable improvement,  unless you're just a real a big fan of balls and ball-shaped things.  FYI, I have about ten echo devices of all types throughout my house,  including the original first gen echo, echo spot and the echo flex, and this is the first one that I'm so annoyed and disappointedin that I'm sending it back.	1	December 31, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Everyone said get one. Not impressed. Why would I want to keep talking to a plastic ball and have a robot answer me?	2	May 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Update: Amazon reached out after my bad review.  Spent about 20 minutes on the phone with tech support, and discovered it isn't even capable of being factory reset.  This thing used to work for an hour or two after unplugging/re-plugging it in.  After they had me attempt a software update, now it does not work at all, aside from recording what I say to it in the Alexa app.  It hears me, but is incapable of doing anything useful.  It's a piece of trash; buy the warranty if you get one.I bought two of these for Christmas.  One of them started getting really flaky in March and wouldn't stay connected to WiFi.  I have an ancient, original Echo 1st Gen that never has a problem and still works perfectly.  Still, the problem Dot was upstairs, so I kept trying to keep it online.  I even tried another WiFi router.  No bueno.  When I finally got fed up and had nothing left to try, I discovered these come with only a 90-day warranty.  Yeah, that's ""green"" and ""earth friendly.""  More plastic for the landfill.  Sounded fine for music while it lasted."	1	April 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have a simple dot (plastic pug) on which I can play amazon music to which I subscribed but the Gen 4 will not except it and wants me to sign up again saying I only can play it on the devise on which I signed up on ??????	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa has an attitude	3	November 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	But shuts off or skips to the next song in the middle of a song when playing my music.	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Design is cute, but speaker is not good; we have several echo dots, and thought this was an upgrade... well we were wrong, sound is of a very bad quality. We regret choosing this one.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I added this to another purchase because it was offered at a discount and I like trying new speakers. This is a huge step down in sound quality versus the previous generation, flatter Dots. It sounds like a cheap, plastic Chinese $5 speaker whereas my older Dot (with clock) actually sounds pretty lush for its size and price.I don't have much else to say about it. I prefer the glowing ring on the top, but that's not a deal breaker.I'd return this and stick to the older models if this weren't a part of a package. Sound quality is so unimpressive and unpleasant, I might just give it away. As some others have also said, skip this generation of Echo speakers. Huge step back.	2	June 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Some of the skills in the app don’t work with the Echo Dot.	3	September 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Nice concept, but this particular device is low on quality as it relates to audio. I'd probably get something better next time. It really doesn’t hear well at all.	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love the color and designIt sucks that it has to stay plugged up. It should be charged and that is it. The plug charger is only maybe 3 or 4ft not long enough to bring in another room.	3	June 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The sound quality is not near as good as the regular (3rd gen??) Echo Dot. This has way too much treble. It's like there is no bass at all. (After all, it's all about the...well...you know.) There doesn't appear to be a way to change that.The description says, ""The sleek, compact design delivers crisp vocals and balanced bass for full sound.""  Nope. Gen 3 is better."	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Tengo la versión anterior (3ra generación) y es mucho más rápida y eficiente que la nueva versión. No fue muy buena inversión pero quedó de segundo dispositivo en la pieza de los niños.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have an older model of the Echo dot and I still have and it works well, I really like it.This one is another story. My disappointment began when I opened the box. Whose idea was it to have the cord be white on the black model???? It looks really bad on my side table. And the, the ABSOLUTE WORST: the sound is just awful. The sound is screeching and nothing I’ve done seems to equalize it properly. It’s just a back product. And since I have the older model to compare it’s the hard proof that this one is not up to the task. I have played songs in one and the switched to the other and the difference is scary. I just can’t believe this. Amazon should have known better.I’m soooo upset that I can’t return this since I bought for my house abroad.	2	November 29, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I've had all versions. Ever since the 4th generation came out the third generation started screwing up. It doesn't pick up your voice you could stand right next to it and tell it to make an announcement and your announcement won't go through it says if you're standing 100 ft away. Now I bought the new one the ball. It sometimes picks up the voice and it doesn't and then it does and it doesn't it doesn't whenever it wants to basically these things are junk. I've got them all over my freaking house and I've invested in it so now I'm stuck with it unless I switch to that other company but either way these things are junk don't buy. This company has gone downhill ever since Jeff bezos left	1	March 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Could work on bass quality but not terrible	3	October 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have 4 and older model they all sound amazing and hear me well. This one however I don't like the the sound is projected forward and not round. Also I was literally standing 2 feet away and it could not hear me. I had to raise my voice ugh so annoying... I know and I hope they fix that.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is completely different from the older  echo dotthis one has a nice look but the sound is not as good of quality as the older version I have :-(	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The volume control on this device only has set levels. For bedtime adjustments I noticed it’s either two loud or two low. There’s no in between.	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The green light should be on the top do not care for the shape	2	June 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is pretty cute, I got a good price for the value .It must be plugged in. The networking is wireless, but the power is not.It has a really sleek design and an improved sound system from the first generation for sure. I have had Alexa in my house for a couple of years now and it has been a great experience. I totally recommend it !	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I find itt to be more intrusive than useful.	3	October 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have four of these connected through the house and more often them not they will not play music as a group on command.	3	August 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 I now have three of the echo's and this one will have to be moved away from the other two not to get them going at all once.  You should put this one in a separate room, that maybe you have no need to immediate choice to use everyday. but that is totally up to you. But if you talk to one and the other is within speaking distance, it will hear your voice, even if you just whisper.. But I do see now that you can get all of them connected to have music going on all the time.. great idea..."	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We had previously purchased 2 echo dot generation 3 and they synch together well and orovide a clear stereo effect.  Upon receiving the generation 4 dot......we immediately noticed it didn’t sound as clear as the two previous ones.  It does work stand alone and so isn’t synced with others and theAt May be the difference but we enjoy the previous ones better	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	While overall it is a great product for Alexa integration the sound quality was a low point for me. I expected with the new shape that it would allow for greater bass and sound quality. While it was on point with voice recognition and all the things we love about these Amazon products it could have used a little in the sound quality.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Low performance compared to first generation. Surprising! Cord mismatch? I could see maybe the arctic blue one having a white cord, but black dot with white cord was curious pairing.  This seriously was some  oversight or attempt to get consumers to buy the cord.  Returned due to performance but in addition, the aesthetics of cord and dot match are that distractingFor where I wanted to place this device.	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Does not understand most commands and won't play SiriusXM without unlinking then relinking over and over.	2	May 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Well I have all three versions and this one to me is the worst one,  to me the previous version is way better in sensitivity to recognize you when trying to have its attention, also the quality of the audio when you play music in it is not as clear as the previous one.  Too shame it looks good but failed in quality.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So the new design look is cool but the previous gen Echo dots were so much better. The voice recognition isn't as good as the previous. I have to repeat calling Alexa allot. The sound isn't as good as the Previous. I like the look and feel of the new ones but quality I would rather buy a refurb 3rd gen vs these new ones.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Will not stay connected to blue tooth and will not stay connected to streaming radio sevice. My return period has lapsed.	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Explained above	2	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was disappointed with the bass and sound quality. The device is significantly smaller than it appears in the pictures. I haven't been able to use the integration, unfortunately it appears that my smart lights (Treatlife) are no longer supported by Alexa even though I purchased them off Amazon less than a week ago.	2	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The speaker is lousy the old alexia even now has a crisp sound and gets loud.  I haven't even plugged in the new one for this reason	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I have to say that I am not impressed with the audio quality of this generation of Dots.  I have owned each generation, and previous Dots had better depth of sound.  This generation has a ""tinny"" sound.  Even after adjusting the bass and mid-tones with the Alexa App, the speaker is lacking.I honestly don't expect much for the price, but going backwards in sound quality doesn't make sense."	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Well, just about everything. Voice recognition was terrible, had to program it multiple times. Works maybe 25% of the time. More frustrating and a joke than anything else. We laugh and shrug it off than say “oh, how cool”	2	March 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Seldom find need for it other than as an alarm clock	2	June 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Echo dot 4th generation was defective, the device couldn't stay online. Once I realized that it was too late to send it back.	1	October 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Apparently mine is having trouble hearing our voice and understanding commands. Not sure if Amazon does updates on these. My old units worked a whole lot better than these new ones	2	April 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This gets a three, solely because I cannot believe that they give you a white plug for a black echo dot. If I wanted any part of it white, I would have ordered. Now I have to have this hideous white plug showing. In the future make the plugs the same color as the device.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I dislike that i have to repeat things to her....she doesnt get my commands	3	September 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I thought it would be easier but I’m still trying to figure out why it is not answering like it should I’m always having to reset or unplug	2	April 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Works well but the audio quality is not great. Maybe it's bcos I have a Echo Show & Alexe Echo (1st generation ) and both have better sound quality.	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It frequently goes silent.  Alexa play Classic FM (or any other station.) It will announce the correct station and then go silent.  Repeat command - same result.  Alexa off; repeat command, announces station and then plays.  Very occasionally it has turned on without the remotest of speech, let alone a wake up command. Once i had to unplug unit to make it stop.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Less than 6 months it died Amazon offered me another I said why would I want same item.  They hooked me up w a device w video and photo capabilities instead	2	April 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don’t care for the music stopping unexpectedly...they want you to subscribe to a prime music which is free for 3 months then charge you $7.99 per month and like most people forget to cancel and then charged the extra...in this pandemic, we need less confusion and more relaxation not being charged for every little thing...We just don’t have the extra money with unemployment rising!	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is very hard of hearing. Sometimes I have to say Alexa 3 times just for the lights to illuminate at the base.	3	August 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I've become addicted to my echoes and I ordered this one because I thought because it was larger the sound would be better. I am disappointed to say that the third generation sounds better than the fourth. Having said that, it's not terrible, it's just not as full with as much bass. otherwise it seems to work just as well as the others that I have in the house from previous iterations.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"This broke in less than a year.  I bought this December 29, 2020, and it broke down September 2021.  When I say ""broke"" I mean sometimes (not all the times) the blue ring continuously flashes and becomes unresponsive to any command.  Customer support refund me partially, but still the fact that this broke down inexplicably after less than a year really speaks to its (lack of) quality."	2	November 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have to reboot every single time I want to use it. And it shuts off on its own.	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Very bad experience overall, voice recognition does not work well. Sound is ok but not great, and the device stoped working less than 8 month after purchase. And customer service did not accept to provide a replacement for a defective product	1	September 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Personal opinion..But I like the look and the smart hub...but it's a downgrade in sound..lack of bass and sounds like a cheap bluetooth speaker. Overall not happy. Ill be returning this and getting a echo show 8...Generation 3 echo dot was so much better in sound quality..Better off getting the echo show 5 or 8 for the price. If they Upgrade sound quality maybe I'll give echo dot another try.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	As any other echo dot it works just fine. I was expecting it to look better since it is indeed more expensive than the regular shape. I don’t think I would purchase this again	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Of all the Echo devices, this has to be the worst. Looks nice, but only comes with more problems. There are continuous problems like not responding to it’s waking word, the volume control gets all messed up when connected to Bluetooth, and sometimes responding but then staying frozen. I regularly have to unplug it to restart it and can only hope it gets itself together that way. Also, it’s a black device but it came with a white power cord—for some reason that drives me up the wall; it’s like wearing a brown belt with black shoes, you know? Anyway, Amazon, look, honey…slow down with all these device releases and work on Alexa’s problems! There are so many! Also thank you.	2	July 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Did not pair up right with wifi. Not a fan of this model. Returned it	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It is normal for the charger to burn like this, I don't know what happened!  I bought it in May, it doesn't have much use time"	2	June 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa is gr8 perhaps for kids it has a few features that are ok but  my overall problem with the idea is my identity since this was a gift it was link and wants to remember the purchasing party not the actual new owner so I wouldn’t  want to use this item as a gift aside from that it’s interesting say the least …	1	August 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It never does anything or says anything on the first try. It takes me two sometimes three or more tries to get a response. It’s annoying! I don’t have this issue with any of my devices just this one. If I could return it or tread it in, I would!	2	January 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is terrible! I like using this but I hate how I have to talk so loud sometimes just for it to hear me and listen even though I’m right next to it. It’s also not too loud Honestly if you have Siri on your phone this is like the same thing so stick with your phone.	3	March 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	1st I don’t like the white power cord with the charcoal echo.  This is a complete departure from how the previous versions were delivered.2nd, the sound quality does not seem better than the previous version.3rd, the new design is great!  I wish everything else was on par with the design.	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The volume for the new dot is way lower than the 2nd generation. The sound is just not as good as the second generation and that is a big big disappointment.I was also disappointed to discover you get a white cord with the black echo dot instead of a black cord. Not major but I prefer black cords with my black colored devices.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	You have to buy into Amazon music to hear a specific song, but it will play radio stations.Its weather forecasts are accurate and it can tell you when your packages are expected. It answers basic questions better than Siri, but it really doesn't do a whole lot. You'd have to purchase more Amazon products if you want to get more out of it.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Nice machine but the sound is not top quality.  Then again it isn't one of their most expensive devices.  I traded my echo 1st generation for this one. The speaker quality is not comparable.  All in all it is an OK device.	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I had a 3rd generation that was awesome and I decided to upgrade. Mistake on my part! The 4th generation has shown constant issues with voice recognition that I never experienced with my last one. This requires me to repeat myself at least 75% of the time.	2	February 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	So this little thing is super handy. It’s lacking a much needed screen. Sometimes I feel like I have to yell especially if I’m using it for music. Awesome for what I use it for. Also just to add the bass an sound of this little guy is better than most sound bars.	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s nice and compact. Not as loud as my previous and the bad thing is it walks when turned all the way up. As in the vibration causes it to move. And fall off my fridge. So I moved it to the counter and it falls into the sink.	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It does its job. I upgraded from the 3rd gen, but I feel like the sound quality went down with the 4th gen. I have also found if I want to add a new skill from the app, I have to reset the unit to get the skill/account (apple music) to activate and work correctly.  Hopefully the next gen will live up to previous sound quality.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I thought this device would have had better recognition of questions and stop telling me that option is not available! That's irritating!! Or, Alexa will refer me to the app?! Shouldn't that be a symbiotic relationship? Really Amazon? Really!? I got Alexa so I didn't have to look other places, like my phone. Or computer?! Not really what I envisioned.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Echo Dot was easy to set up and use but the sound was very low at its maximum.	3	August 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	a lot of the time I have to yell at it for it to hear me. interfacing this device with my camera system (BLINK) took some time. I thought being a Amazon product it would interface a lot easier with the echo.	2	February 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Parece que  no me escucha, y hace lo que quiere, sin embargo la primera generación alcanza a escuchar cuando le hablo a este aparato. No se si estaba defectuoso o porque no responde igual que la primera generación,  igual el cable es blanco y quedaría mejor negro.	2	January 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa sound is ok but not follow your instruction she play what ever Try hard to explain Ypu have to program then play songs	3	August 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We replaced a first generation tall echo in the kitchen  Initial set up was a breeze.  Looks nice and sounds nice,  Don't like the blue ring at the bottom.  Anything set in front blocks light.  Had to reset up and it wasn't a breeze.  Disappointed it glitched and had to reset it up.  I like the original volume controls better.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have an Echo, and 2 Dots so thought I would get a 4th generation Dot.  It is connected, the blue light turns on, but after multiple attempts to set it up, including using tech support, it is not functioning other than providing the time when asked.  It did work for about 15 seconds at one point and then stopped.  When it did work, it was extremely slow, even giving the time.  A red light keeps telling me it is having trouble (duh!) so I am very disappointed.  I will be returning it.  Perhaps I got a dud as my other devices work fine.Update:  Amazon Support called and after having me reset the modem and router, the device worked.  However, an hour later,  it refused once again to work.  I get the red color of death with her saying 'I am having trouble connecting.  Please try again later. '  Every now and again it will connect and work for one query but will not play music.  I tried to use it for a timer,  but I had to shout several times at it to stop.  My earlier review stands, even though it was nice of support to try to fix this issue.	1	December 29, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Hands down the 4th gen is terrible in every way. I have several 3rd gen eco dots. 90% of the time won't connect, acknowledge your voice or commands, stops playing music for no reason. This was so bad I wouldn't even want a 4th gen replacement. Would rather be replaced by a 3rd gen eco dots.	3	April 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got this to replace my now useless Harmon-Kardon Invoke speaker with Cortana, which need no voice training, and wasn't spying on me to sell thing or get me to order things.  Despite Alexa being on the market longer it's not nearly as polished as Cortana was and the sound quality is pretty poor.	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Too many times Alexa shows something different than requested and sometimes does not respond. It's little hard to use, because it has a lot of features.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It took forever to connect to a smart plug we just got from you.  I did everything I could think of to get her to connect.  So, I finally gave up and the next day told her to turn on bedroom lights and she even turned on the smart plug.  Yes even before you ask i set it up in the bedroom group	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Too many times I was told my music selection was available only for a premium. Some questions that we askedI thought would be answered, weren't.  For it's size it's speaker is pretty good. Additional info on the musicians ona particular track (other than the leader, I'm a jazz buff) would have been nice. News, weather and alarms allwork well.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I just set up this device. So far all I have done is play music. As I get more familiar with its features, I'm sure I will enjoy it more.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Haven't found a way to electrically separate two Echo Dots, even by placing them in the kitchen and the other in the master bedroom. Each control the lights in the master bedroom and the great room as well as a hallway. Still attempting to set a routine whereby the second Echo controls a light on particular days of the week at a certain time.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Even if you have Amazon prime with music you have to pay additional fees to get music of your choice on this.	2	May 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not optimal for Spotify	3	October 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Charcoal device came with a white cord, just looks tacky. The plug in base is clunky and has a cheap appearance. The sound is not any better than my third generation. It never stays connected to the internet and has just become a useless lump sitting on my shelf. The sound quality is ok when I can get it to connect to internet but it had become a major inconvenience due to having to fight with it every day to get it connected to the internet. I have  restarted my router, reset the device and nothing works. I tested my third generation in the same spot and have had no issues.  I put this fourth generation piece of junk where I originally had my third generation which is in the same room as my router and it still does not stay connected to the internet. I do not have this issue with any of my third generations, my echo show or any other devices. I also purchased one of these for my daughter at Target for Christmas and she was having the same issues with hers. She returned it to the store and bought a third generation which has been working fine.	1	April 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have multiple dots from each of the previous generations. This one is NOT a better version. Here's why:1) It sounds like it is a tin can on the end of a string. Horrible. Even for voice only, the previous versions are much better. When I first played it, my wife even asked if Alexa had a new voice. The equalizer in the Alexa app has no effect.  I had transistor radios in the 60's that sounded better.2) Aesthetically, the controls on the ball look funky IMO.  But that is personal preference.  However, they are on the back side (side where power plugs in), so you will have to pick it up to see and use the buttons.3) Why on earth do they include a WHITE power cable for a BLACK device?  And the cord is short.4) Power supply is a standard 15W, but much larger than other 15W units. And it's white.5) Watch out for bait & switch on returns when bought as a bundle. I bought this Black Friday week on Amazon for $29 plus $5 more for a smart switch. If I want to return this, they will give me $18.25 for the dot and $15.75 for the switch.Advice - skip this version.	1	December 16, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"ill not work ""WITHOUT"" an internet connection. sometimes have to yell at it just to wake them up. does not have the ability to learn from its mistakes."	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We bought this 4th gen dot to replace a second gen dot which stopped listening to commands. This unit is a little better, but still seems to miss commands.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this to replace my 1st Gen. Echo.  But I have to say, I went back to the 1st Gen Echo, because it has much better sound quality than this new 4th Gen. Echo Dot.  My earlier Gen. Echo Dots also sound better tp y ears.  A little disappointed.  I'll find a use for it somewhere where I care less about audio quality.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I bought this little guy for my daughter for Christmas and thought yeah, she's gonna like this.  Well it doesn't quite put out the sound I thought it might.  I was hoping for more like the upright model of sound.  I wouldn't buy it again.	3	May 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Purchased echo  with smart plug. Do not have a phone app so had to use laptop connection for Amazon. System would not connect to smart plug. Still working on how to connect.  Enjoy using echo but really wanted to utilize ability to turn lights and other appliances on and off also.	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Add needs to state this is not wireless	3	September 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Followed the instructions and Alexa said everything was set up except Alexa could not receive mu commands.  Spent hours with customer service who finally said they would send a replacement but have not been able to because a glitch that they have with the credit card on our prime account.  This is frustrating since my Amazon account works for any purchases I make	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Works fine and I like it except for the fact that the echo is black and the cord is white. I've seen other complaints about this since I got mine. It makes no sense.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Same speaker but just pointing horizontally instead of vertically.  Seems Alexa does not respond as well as previous.  The lights were better and easier to see on old,Not worth upgrading.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I often find that because the microphone is on the bottom, I have to raise my voice or repeat a second time where my other Echo devices seem to hear and comply the first time.  Cute design though and because it is in the bedroom, I do not return it.  Not the greatest idea having the mic on the bottom.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It works just as well as any other Alexa machine. I have three of the ones that look like a hockey puck and one of the ones that looks like an 8-ball but this one has awful sound compared to those it sounds like an AM radio if you are someone who remembers that sound. The pucks sound three times as good	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Get this if you LOVE constantly being badgered to ""upgrade"" your Amazon service, ie. spend even more money! Being a Prime member isn't enough! You must buy MORE MORE MORE! Or this Echo and Amazon Alexa will force you to listen to a sales pitch just about every time you ask for something!!! Yayy!!!As for me, I've had enough. I've dropped over $600 on the echos. I'm going to trash them all.And before you suggest ""put it in kids mode""! I've tried that."	1	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love Alexa and the voice recognition. There are very few times it doesn’t understand what I am asking for. I have to say that the sound quality was far less than I expected for how much I love my Alexa Echo Plus. I bought the dot foe my bathroom, primarily for listening to my Amazon music. Very muffled, and it sounds far away at times.	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love the new spherical design; it looks great on my bookshelf. The sound quality is better than the previous model, but the sound recognition is definitely inferior. If I'm not speaking loudly, firmly, and directly at the Dot it rarely recognizes my voice - even if I'm only several feet away. I'd give it a 3.5/5 stars if possible, but I'm rounding down to 3.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This echo is great in and of itself.  However, the directions and customer service reps were not adequate as a resource for apartment connectivity.  This was a HUGE stressor for both me and my husband.  It took 3 calls (several hours) before we had an agent who eventually figured out how to connect it with our cable provider.	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Did not last. Mine had problems after a few months. the light ring stayed on in a dim mode and Alexa command stopped responding and now it just shuts off automatically and doesn't respond at all. I have to continuously unplug and plug it back in for it to work for a short period of time. Maybe a few hours. And also the bass boost is a lie when turning up the volume the speaker sounded busted.  I reported these problems to Amazon and they blamed it on me. And said I could a couple dollars off another one. My 1st generation echo dot has out lived this one.  I would not recommend this echo dot.	2	July 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I’m not sure what they did to this Alexa, but the $20 one worked better. She can’t hear me, regularly malfunctions, and when she does answer, it’s often some sort of gobbledygook that doesn't pertain to the question at all. If amazons going to sell my info to outside institutions, could they do it with good UX at the very least.	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"UPDATED REVIEW: After having this product for a fair amount of time I can honestly say this model is an embarrassing product to release for any company and call it an echo. It doesn't pick up your commands, all it says is ""I didn't hear that could you repeat. Yea, well repeat this. I've moved it to the garage which is on its way to the trash bin and brought my older V3 Alexa out of storage to replace it and it runs circles around it. Too late for a refund according to policy but will end up letting my weekly trash pickup take it away, it's useless. DO NOT BUY_______________________________________________________________________________________________The manufacturer of this product should be embarrassed. I was hoping that the voice quality in this new generation was better than the older ones that sound like someone is speaking with a mouth full of food. The quality of the voice is less than par and practically you have to yell to get this thing to hear your request. Very disappointed in Amazon, you would think after all these years they would get. The Google product is stellar compared to this"	1	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It only works plugged in & on wifi. Dont connect like a regular speaker should, not even bluetooth NOTHING without wifi. Also, now it just stop working & work when it wants to	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was really excited about this but ended up being let down. The speaker sounds pretty nice and I love the look of it. But this one seems to have trouble hearing me compared to my 3rd gen dot and even my echo flex. Which is really annoying since I use it mostly to turn my lights on and off with my voice.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think the sound is not as good as earlier models. Sound recognition is not very good either. I bought two and will probably switch back to the earlier model.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Aside from the size, which doesn't seem to make a difference with sound quality or responsiveness, there doesn't seem to be much improvement from the 3rd Gen Echo Dot.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have paired two Echo Dots in home theater mode and every once in a while it keeps getting disconnected from my Fire TV and I have to restart all of them and add them again! Useless!	1	September 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Horrible sound quality	2	July 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like the design of this echo better than the 3rd gen. However, the sound quality has really gone down from the 3rd generation. I am very disappointed with the sound quality. I debated on returning it and purchasing another 3rd gen.In addition,  the connectivity seems to be worse.  This 4th gen unit is in my basement,  but I have el whole home wifi with a beacon 10 feet away.  It still lags pretty bad when asking Alexa to play the next song.  Not sure if it's my wifi or the echo but it's still frustrating.Overall,  if you don't really care about sound quality and you are near your modem, go ahead and get the 4th gen.  Otherwise,  try to get the 3rd gen.Also,  I'm not	2	November 26, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I got a pair of these devices and one of them just stopped working- won’t connect, hangs with a blue light. Amazon won’t replace since it’s off warranty	2	April 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	More of a hassle than helpful especially with multiple phones in home connecting via Bluetooth	3	August 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's okay. The accessories for it seem to be horrid. My son uses it just for music. It has fair sound quality. It's not exceptional in any way. It's just okay.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was hoping to be able to use this outside to have it read to me but it will not work unless close to the internet box. So I actually do not use it. It sits unplugged collecting dust.	3	June 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don't know if there is an issue with the particular unit I bought but this Alexa has hearing issues.  We have had no issues speaking to other Alexa devices in our living room but I bought this as a replacement for a Gen1 model that stopped working.  For this model to hear us talking to it in our living room we have to yell at it.	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is terrible. Good for background noise but hard on the ears otherwise. Also, doesn’t work well with voice commands. Glad I didn’t pay full price.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It works but I'm not that impressed with the sound.	3	September 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	that is the worst ai speakerNot only is it slow to respond, but I told her many times that she didn't respond. This makes me very disappointed. It may not be used as an intelligent sound system, but only as a speaker.	3	May 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Do yourself a favor and buy a different smart home speaker, because this one will stop working within a year, or two, of purchase.Mine worked normally, until one day it just didn't. Now, depending on the day, it might spontaneously stop taking commands - It will light up when you give the wake command, but Alexa won't respond, or take any command requests. Factory resetting will fix it for a short period of time, but then it will go back to not responding. I have yet to find any other fixes for the issue.Since my Echo Dot has been subjected to nothing but sitting on a nightstand from the time it arrived, I can only chalk this issue up to planned obsolescence. It isn't as if it goes through any sort of wear and tear.I can't recommend buying it at this point.	1	February 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Improvement in the shape vs. the 3rd gen with more visual options. Beyond that, the 3rd gen is better in every regard. Sounds like it's under water with a tinny sound. Even removed features and doesn't allows stereo pairing with two ehco dots. I'm returning mine and will be getting the 2 3rd gen echo plus speakrs with an Alexa sub.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I prefer the older version of echo dot. With this version I constantly have to repeat myself to get this echo to perform a task.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have a 3rd generation as well and the 3rd generation works WAY better as far as voice recognition and commands. I don’t have to raise my voice with the 3rd generation but far too often I have to yell for this 4th generation Echo. My recommendation is stick with the 3rd generation unless you want a better speaker or something.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Previous model had superior sound. This new dot is more unique in its design but at the same time less like a piece of technology and more like a plastic toy. Sound has high treble not enough base leading music to be heard  clearly but not in a way that is complementary to the music.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I hate ""by the way"" and would like to sell my alexas"	2	June 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I did all the required steps to reset the unit and attempted customer service chat which ran me in circles. My unit was past the 30-day warranty but had hoped it would still be offered to be replaced. I disconnected from the chat because he wasn't responding to my answers. He asked me to shut down my wifi and I explained I had already done that and it doesn't resolve the solid blue or perpetually spinning blue light. The older models I have work perfectly fine.	2	October 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I wish it understood more of our questions.  It also would be good if it knew as much as Google knows.  Many things require us to go online to find the answer because Alexa simply does not know.  For example, if we tell it to play Radio Australia, it plays something weird or nothing at all.	3	February 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Almost never hears my voice correctly. I can look right at this device with no noise in the background and it will ignore when I say “Alexa”. I have two and they both do the same thing. The sound quality is certainly not great, sounding the same or worse compared with the last gen echo dot.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	WiFi always disconnects on one of the two I got. Should not need to reset it everyday. Also have audio issues where the speakers break up. Seems to be a recurring theme for these since it happened on my four from the previous generation.	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought the Echo Dot Generation 4 because I was told it had better sound. The spherical design supposedly broadcasted better. I already have three Echo Dots Generation 3 units and could not believe how poor the sound was from Gen 4.If you are running a remote speaker (aux) it probably wouldn't matterI returned it to Best Buy	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The 4th gen is not as impressive as the 3rd or even 2nd gen Dot. I could tell lifting it from the package it was a lighter and less substantial Dot product. As I suspected the sound is not as ambient nor full from this new Dot. I also prefer the top-facing notification light ring on 3rd gen to the 4th gen bottom-side light ring.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Maybe its my ear but the mid-range and  base response are really lacking.  I have several Echo Dot Gen 3's and they perform much better when playing music.  Voice sounds clearer on this new version which appears to be where Amazon's focus was.  Guess for music they want everyone to pay the extra 40-50 bucks for the premium sound version. I'm disappointed.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I thought the unit would be much larger. It’s not even the size of a softball and the sound is not very full. Perfect for a bathroom or on your nightstand, but not a living room, kitchen or patio	3	June 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Intergrading with two 3rd gens and ordering 4th gen was disappointing , 4 gen has a tinney sound quality and I tried to adjust bass and mids to no avail to match sound to match the 2 other dots when playing music in all rooms .  Moved it to the master bedroom ! other than that very happy , love her !	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We don’t get very good service I guess as the music will be playing then stop for a few seconds. It has done this in several different places I’ve tried to put it.	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa works as she should...picks up my voice, does what I want when the right thing is said....but the sound quality isnt as good as the last generation. The 3rd generation has a deeper, more robust sound. Kind of disappointed, as the 4th gen is bigger, so I expected better sound. I'll buy a 3rd gen, for my next dot.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So far I'm pretty unimpressed with generation. I still have my third generation and prefer it to this one. The third generation picks up voices way better. This nee one sometimes I have to almost yell - and I'm not stuttering or mumbling either. Not super impressed. I reccomend the 3rd generation over this one. Plus the third generation is a better shape.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the new look of this Alexa and I was hopeful it was going to sound good. I have 5 gen 3’s, 1 gen 2 and 1 gen 4. The gen four sounds so tinny compared to the gen 3’s. Overall save the money and buy the gen 3. Nothing about the 4 is worth the extra 10 dollars.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	For a bigger size I assumed the speaker will be better than previous models, it doesn’t seems to be true. It still doesn’t hear us at times, seems worse than the old echo. All and all doesn’t look like much of an improvement. On top it all you get a white charger with a black unit... gen 2/3 came with black charger for a black echo.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	not as loud as the flat round one i wanted it loud not medium loud. but it looks nice and recognizes my voice fast	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality of the speaker when listeningto music sounds cheap, no depth in the music. (even with bass set to max and lowering treble) My Echo Dot 3rd generation is significantly superior in sound.  This one is cool looking.  Typical Alexa attitude,  lol.  Now I have multiple ones that ignore me.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa has delays & offline responses about 25% of the time. It did silence the nay sayer for whom it is intended to assist.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	You have to speak uncomfortably loud for the mic to pic up sound. Cheap hardware, so can't expect great performance, but you would think it would be to Amazon's advantage to put a high quality pick-up inside these devices. I don't feel like their echo products are improving by generation. Same performance, but probably just cheaper for them to manufacture.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	doesn't control i-robots very well. not as good as my last echo dot.  gets confused asks if I want to purchase a new moop when I tell it to have my Braava jet m6 mopp.	1	September 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This has not worked since we bought it… It sits here. We get very frustrated when we have to send things back it’s 10 miles to the post office 10 miles back… No printer to print labels it’s just a hassle so here it says all that money wasted	1	September 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you have a 3rd gen dot do not upgrade for better sound quality. I’m toggling Spotify between the 3rd and 4th gen dots as I type this and the difference is significant. Tried all types of music (modern hip hop, classic rock, metal, 90s grunge, jazz, classical, and spoken word) and the 3rd gen dot sounds better for all of them... the sound is generally warmer and fuller. The 4th gen sounds like a hollowed out version of the 3rd gen. Played with the 3 band eq for both speakers and it didn’t help.Very disappointed because I like the new spherical design and the under glow lighting. But I’m keeping my third gen dots for now and returning this.Also... a white cable with a charcoal Echo?! So tacky!! Talk about cutting corners!!	2	December 12, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Bought on Amazon Prime Day. Came in and I set it up easy,  then within an hour it stopped working completely while streaming music.  Went to App says unit offline, this is the only unit from my multiple devises that is showing that status. Unplugged both from wall and unit.  Let set,  plugged back into different wall outlet and nothing.  Won't light up,  hold power button and nothing happens.  Super disappointed.	1	July 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I wasn't sold on the sphere, but I heard that the sound was better.  Actually it isn't, even with adjusting the equalizer settings.  The tower style is easier to clean and the sound just projects better in the room when I'm listening to podcasts and cooking.  Will wait for the next generation to purchase another replacement.	3	February 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	After upgrading to the 4th gen. And using for a year,  and having multiple issues with Alexa hearing me,  or even staying connected to music. Finally the speaker is shot. Literally use it every night for ocean sounds,  and it suddenly is crackling and static sounding. Very disappointed.	2	January 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Like to use it as intercom. It cannot answer most questions that we ask, I guess we expected too much.	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased 5 of these devices to use 2 each on televisions as surround sound and 1 for my office. They have ben nothing but a constant headache. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS IF USE IF FOR HOME THEATER/ SURROUND SOUND. They constantly drop and disconnect the sound. Since purchase, several times weekly I have to go through the pain of trying to unlink and reconnect them to the selected Fire tv device. The sound is good when they are connected but as stated they disconnect several times weekly and are very difficult to reconnect. I've had two replaced that completely refused to reconnect after customer services tried every trick he could think of. Pay a little bit more and get a real home theater system and save yourself the headache of these. I really wanted these to work, because I am very much invested into the Amazon eco system; but I can not endorse these units for surround sound/ home theater. I've spent a lot of money on these units that are now, just in a box on a shelf.	1	October 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I love it a nice upgrade just seems to sound like funny sometimes if anyone know what I mean. Idk... Not supirsed because it was cheap for prime days.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I owned several Echo dot 3rd gen, and show so I thought to get a 4th gen as a upgrade from the 3rd gen and what a BIG disappointment, I don't know if I got a bad unit or it is like that across the board but the sound it is so bad that you will be let down. The sound it pitch high with ZERO bass and you will have to crank it up to 80% to listen something on the room where the Echo 3rd gen will do it at just 18% volume and the quality of the sound on the 3rd gen it is complete with a balance on bass, middle and treble.Do yourself a favor and skip the 4th gen, because the size and performance is way inferior than the 3rd gen.	2	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Dot	articulo con falla, he leido en la web que al parecer tiene un problema de fabrica, ya que a muchas personas les pasa que equipo no responde:A pesar de estar ensendida, no responde a comandos de voz, no se aprecian luces en el anillo de ningun tipo y solo responde el boton de mute.Segui todas las recomendaciones de sus foros... reinicio de fabrica por juego de botones, borrado de cuenta amazon, cambio de fuente de poder (por otra original ) y dispositivo no responde, actualmente esta siendo ocupado de pisa papeles, favor indicar como se puede dar solución, o recambio de equipo.	1	May 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s not a high quality speaker for listening to music by any means. If your wifi is at all spotty, the music will randomly stop playing.I was hoping for a better experience with my first Amazon device.Side note:  If you are watching Schitts Creek and they say “Alexis,” Alexa will sometimes randomly play music in response!	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The move to a full blown power adaptor negates all the hype Amazon might stress about power conservation. Why not stick with the USB option and allow us to use the hubs and connections we already have from prior Dot generations. This bulk power adaptor in Gen 4 is heading in the wrong direction.Where's the continual improvement?! Poor design and planning.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Needs a more advanced version of bluetooth so it can stresm to more than one device	3	August 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We ordered a dot that was cancelled and never came apparently due to product availability. We then ordered another one and finally got it. The music playback with Amazon music worked horribly. It kept stopping and starting. I tried working with tech support and eventually they just said they would sent another one. But we realized that the music sounds quality is pretty bad anyways so we decided just to return the device. My $35 Anker speaker had much better sound quality. The integration with alexa was ok but it was pretty annoying that it had a hard time playing music from amazon music. Just not that high quality of a product and not particularly impressive features overall. I realize it's also not that expensive so I'm not sure what I was expecting....I think amazon is not particularly good at hardware.	2	December 22, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Works great. Sound is good, wish it would be a bit louder. Alerts should be voiced out instead of blinking. I do enjoy it though very much	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not as easy as the old Dot to clean because of the material on the new dome!	3	August 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality seems to be worse on this than the 3rd generation. It also makes a static noise when the volume is on max which is an annoying issue	1	October 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I had three 2-speaker Echos and a 1-speaker Echo Dot before adding this 4th gen 1-speaker unit. I find the sound quality disappointing even after adjusting the bass and treble. I moved it to the least important spot in my home with an Echo, the garage, to compensate. In the future I'll just pay the higher cost of 2-speaker units.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality wasn’t as good as our last Echo 4th Gen. There wasn’t as much base to the sound and we bought mainly for listening to music. Voice recognition was good. Cord length was shorter than previous model we were upgrading as well.	3	May 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought this 4th gen dot will high expectations. Right away it was Plagued with unreliable service. Music cuts off automatically around 30 seconds into playing. Sound quality is worse than my Gen 2 echo dot. Tried to have item replaced and Amazon told me that they would not replace it they would only return it and refund my money but that leaves me without an echo dot.	1	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It never understands what I am asking for I have to ask a million times I am so over this trash I honestly want my money back!!!	1	October 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Called in because it would connect on setup. Of course tec support blamed my network and was zero help.  Even though I set up another one in same place on same wifi the day before . Echo Unit was bad. But thats the last thing tec. support would admit.	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This dot like the one I threw in the trash before I ordered this one refuses to play songs in my Amazon Music Library on my iPhone. When I ask it to play one of those songs it says that song is not available.  I play that very song from my Amazon Music Library and it “hears” the song it starts playing the song.	3	November 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality of Alexa was not as good as the older 3rd dot. Sound quality of music was better. Would not purchase another.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"... or Alexa won't listen to me. When it became annoying I sent it back. My previous experience with a well used 3d gen. Echo Dot (""puck"") was quite satisfactory and I didn't expect the next gen. be slipping.I am waiting for a new ""puck"" arrive soon, and will compare it with the 4th gen returned perception."	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It arrived quickly.  It sounds good.  The voice recognition is not as good as the echo dot. It takes 3 or 4 times voice commands to get it right.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Aesthetically I think this thing is gorgeous in glacier white. It's light gray (they should have just called it what it is) and overall I love the way it looks interesting now.Now that I've gotten the positive out of the way.... this was a gift that I wish I could return. Alexa's voice does seem clearer but if you want to listen to music don't bother. This thing sounds awful. Like a cheap Bluetooth speaker. I've adjusted the equalizer every which way imaginable and I just can't make it sound good. I won't be replacing any of my other gen 3s with the gen 4. If you have gen 3 don't let curiosity kill the cat. Stick with what you have.Also the plug is long and bulky now and it's kind of a bummer.	2	November 22, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Works fine and all… but for the live of god, alexas voice has wayyyy too much bass, can’t understand her. Returned for that reason. I will stick with my echo dot second gen, voice is nice and clear compared to all other models	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Product was shipped in its original box. No proper shipping box or anything similar. Shipping label was applied directly to the products box and box shows wear due to how it was shipped. Product was purchased as a Christmas gift which will be given looking like it was used. The product itself is fine but was greatly disappointed in how it was shipped.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The device mishears us OFTEN and has become quite stressful. So much so that I had to change my initial rating and review.Sometimes we constantly have to repeat a command, and we ask to hear the same artist often, I would think it would remember. I even made a playlist on amazon music and it mishears those requests as well. The speaker sounds nice. The style of it goes well with our modern decor, but it’s so hard of hearing simply none of that matters.Then also the device connects to my deezer account, which is why I bought it initially and was supper exited about it until I realized it won’t play any of my playlist on deezer. That was very disappointing, I didn’t see the point of it connecting to deezer if I couldn’t access my playlist there.All in all, I would never purchase this device again. If it heard our commands it would be a easy 5 stars. However since it does not, it’s an easy 1.	1	October 12, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Sound good, my son use it to listen to music	3	September 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I normally don't complain about amazon products. I've owned quite a few devices including 1st gen and 2nd gen Echo Dots, FiresTV sticks, Tablets etc. But this one is a total disappointment!1st disappointment > Ordered this on Nov 27, 2020 and it said in stock and I will get it in two days!, I Am a Prime Member. This barely arrived today which took close to two weeks! Black Friday, Cyber Monday, blah blah..2nd disappointment> So it finally arrived, and I was totally excited to connect this and get it working. I had specifically chose to move my 2nd Gen Echo Dot into another room since this one should be better for the bigger living room right? Well, once connected, I streamed Spotify on my phone to this unit. OMG! it sounded horrible! So I adjusted the volumes, both on the dot and on my alexa app on the phone. The sound was so terrible compared to  my 2nd Gen Echo Dot, I just couldn't bare with it. reconnected my older 2nd Gen Echo Dot and streamed again. It sounded great! so within less then 30 minutes, I'm done and writing this review and returning this to Amazon. There goes that Black Friday deal! it just isn't worth it!	1	December 9, 2020	0
Echo Dot	It did not connect or stay connected like my home Alexa.  Plus there were cords all over the car for connection which is distracting.	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I'm a big fan of Echo devices and I have several gen 3's, and a gen 1.  The sound quality is bad on the gen 4.  I thought it would be better since it's so much bigger, but it's not.  My wife thinks the gen 4 looks neat, but I regret this purchase, very disappointed.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Fantastic sound but it keeps cutting out. Alexa if she doesn't know the question will not say anything. It would be nice if she would at least respond. It has a long way to go to get the good rating from me I give it a medium.	3	April 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I loved it when I just got it, but it work well just for a few months. Then I'd have to unplug it and plug it back to work but only for a two or three commands. I wrote of forum and look for info, as sometimes stayed with the blue light on loop for hours. Community said it was an update issue, but it continued with the problem. And as of last three weeks the blue light ring stay on, then it gets purple. I follow the instructions of customer service but it didn't do anything. I'd recommend you to purchase the Amazon dot 3rd Gen. I got one of those for my sister recently and works perfectly.	1	April 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	That’s not recognized the voice of my wife and my kids, the integration with alarm.com is very basic and is too difficult... I don’t recommend for mange the smart home.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this to replace a 2nd Gen Echo Dot but was very disappointed to learn that the sound quality on this was no different than the Gen 2 Echo Dog I replaced. I have numerous Gen 3 Echo Dots and they are worth a second look over this one, don’t waste your money, will be returning for Echo Dot Gen 3’s.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Not loud. And doesn't like to listen lol I have to unplug just to turn off alot. Doesn't hear me. Just a big hassel	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Generally Amazon does better with each generation, but this one is a misfire.We started realizing after a while that we had to consistently repeat ourselves after we added this to our living room. It never hears what we ask. Often it doesn't hear us at all. The sound quality is actually very terrible. It sounds absurd, like a toy in a room. I'm fine with that if it were a mini or an option for something smaller, but this is bigger and the previous version was way better.Once we replaced this with the previous version echo dot, all our issues of not being heard or the wrong things happening during commands were solved. Not worth the upgrade.	2	May 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have to repeat several times.  The sound is amazing, will eventually upgrade.	3	August 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	You have to call Alexa too many times then repeat question- I am not satisfied with Alexa performance	2	May 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	El parlante suena distorsionado, como si estuviera roto	3	September 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa does not wake up unless we yell at it. Sometimes don't understand the commands. The sound is not that good as I read.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I do not think it is working completely but I may have too many Alexa located too close to each other	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Instructions are poor to non-existent for someone without a smart phone.  And can't change locations without a smart phone.  If a smart phone is required, it should be noted on the item!	3	June 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Update: I got a call from Amazon, and it seems like they're working on fixing the issue, and they said they will email me when they push the update that should fix it. I'm glad that they care about customer service and actually reached out. If the issue is gets resolved, I will update my review.As of Nov 30, 2021 still no fix. If it's not fixed by Christmas, I'm moving everything over to Google.It worked fine for about 6 months, but it now gets stuck on a solid blue ring and doesn't respond. I now have to hard restart it every few hours if I want to use it. Not sure what the issue is, but it's useless as I mainly used it to control the lights for my bedroom and play music. Customer service was useless, and Amazon doesn't stand behind its products for obvious hardware issues. Canceled Amazon Music Unlimited, and I'm switching everything over to Google products. Hopefully they last longer than 6 months.	1	November 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	She's great for adding items to your shopping list, reminders, appointments, weather forecast, wish she could pronounce my city correctly. I am disappointed with her responding back, half the time she doesnt answer me, it lights up like shes listen but doesn't do anything after that. The other half it does nothing at all.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Love the design but the sound is way poor than the previous gen Dot	3	August 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	No clock function. Just purchased a 4th gen dot a few weeks ago and it has a clock function. The clock function was a big part of the reason I purchased the 2nd one. I'm not happy	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’ve noticed that in using this model I have to repeat my request two or three times before Alexa get it.  I walk in my other room with the older model and it’s voice recognition is so much better.  Made the same request but the older model gets it the first time.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Hate it. I have to repeat myself constantly.  Sits right next to me but always says it is having trouble hearing me. Waste of money.	1	October 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Stopped working a month after purchasing. I have to keep unplugging to have it connect to my mobile device. The two previous models work way better and without any glitches. I use it as decoration now instead of as a speaker.	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Speaker started crackling after first 2 month	3	September 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The light ring on the bottom is difficult to see.  No display of the time, least useful device I own. I don’t recommend this version of Alexa!	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The volume on this speaker is low quality when playing music in a 14'×10'  bedroom with furniture. I was dissatisfied with the quality functions * bass, treble, ect. because there were none. : (	2	March 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I had to call support to get it to work again after one day. That took several attempts.I still don’t know why the clock part isn’t working.	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Cannot get Alexa to setup so that I can talk to it.  App allows my phone to answer, but Alexa will not  respond to my questions/commands.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The 3rd generation is a better device than the 4th. The voice recognition and sound are better on the 3rd. Add to that the 3rd is selling for $18.99 and the 4th is selling for $59.99. The only thing better about the 4th may be the light ring placement on the bottom, but not worth $41. I’m buying more 3rd generations.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We have several 3rd Gen Echo Dots in various rooms throughout the home. I was disappointed that there were no speaker improvements made to this version. I had expected the 4th Gen to exceed sound quality of its predecessor, but it seems we've taken a step backwards. The quality on this version is more akin to the Echo Spot.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I currently have 9 Echo devices, including Shows, Dots and various Echos.  Each version of the Dot got noticeably better, up to the Gen 4.  I was really looking forward to adding this to the group, even after seeing the negative reviews.Even after adjusting the bass and midrange, the sound is less than mediocre.  Setup was horrible as it wouldn't connect to my 2.4G WiFi, but only to my 5G.  Every other Echo, including all of my other Dots, set up flawlessly and within a couple of minutes.  I wasted 30 minutes or more trying to get it connected to the 2.4G.My original plan was to move one of my Gen 2 Dots to the garage.  After playing some music on this Gen 4, it's going in the garage.	2	November 25, 2020	0
Echo Dot	If I could give zero stars I would. I get the dot, open it, set it up, then decided I want to move it and BOOM stops working. I immediately reach out to C/S and it’s taking dang near 3 weeks to get another one. When I can just order a new one and pay the money for it and get it in 2 days. I wouldn’t spend another dime for this stupid thing.	1	July 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	For the most part, it is meh. It is really annoying because the Amazon ads on YouTube keep making it activate. Until they change this or their commercials, I recommend not wasting your money. I'm about ready to unplug mine and it is beyond the return period so I'm just going to have more ewaste sitting around because it wasn't this annoying for the first 2 months.	2	November 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Voice recognition and Alexa capabilities are great. The sound is horrible.  Good thing I only use this at night for Sleep Sounds on the lowest volume.  Honestly the price of $29.99 and what I use it for is fine but I wouldn't pay anymore than that...	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It says it’s connected to WiFi. Then the other screen says disconnected. Is it broken?	3	August 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wanted it for it to act knowledge me when I come home, my son lives here but it’s not hooked up on his voice but it does sometimes. The volume is lower than I thought it would be. Not really happy with it.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I own every generation of Echo smart speakers plus other Alexa-enabled devices. Several months ago I added 2 of the 4th gen Echo speakers to an array of Echo's around the house. Microphones on these Echo's are simply terrible. Sometimes they don't wake up, sometimes they wake up but they do nothing after hearing the command, and other times it's a hit and miss with the command they hear and execute. Often an Echo of an older generation in another room further away from me will hear me and execute the action before the 4th gen Echo can react. I traded 2 Echo hubs to purchases these and if I could get them back, I would send these new ones back to Amazon tomorrow.	2	March 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This is my 3rd Amazon Echo device. My Echo show and regular Echo are amazing. However, I’m dissatisfied with the Echo Dot. The sound quality just isn’t there. I could even have it all the way up and compared to my other devices it’s SO quiet. Other than the lack of sound quality it’s your standard Alexa device.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have order these device back in December I have been trying to use it in the last few weeks and device would not connect to the internet it just keeps telling me that is doing an update that has been going for days now, tried to get help with device and said they couldn’t help me because I made the purchase back in December when it dis not even last a year.	1	July 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Well it's good for reminders the time the weather it cannot seem to connect with my Amazon smart plug	1	October 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I really like the look of this product but there are two issues with it. 1) Having the blue light at the bottom makes it hard to see if she's listening to you. 2) I have to yell for her to listen. I switched this out with my first generation dot but now I'm thinking I should have kept it.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	So I bought this 4th generation Echo Dot after having recently purchased a 3rd generation Dot, with the idea of creating a multi-room sound system. Sadly, my 3rd gen device seems to have better sound quality than this newer edition. I've used the Alexa app on my smartphone to play with the equalizer settings but still find the 4th gen's sound quality inferior.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sinceramente me sorprendió que no tuviera batería para usarlo inalambricamente, pero lo que más me decepcionó fueron las respuestas de Alexa, ante preguntas que uno realiza muchas veces no sabía que responder y no sabía que canción poner, definitivamente me esperaba algo más avanzado como en los videos, aparte de eso todo bien.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought this 4th Gen Echo Dot to replace my 3rd Gen Echo Dot.- There is no bass- Even with the bass turned all the way up- sounds thin and empty- Like seriously, cell phone speaker sounds about the same as this.- Major downgrade in sound qualityFIX:Found a Reddit thread talking about this. Apparently the early units were made in China and then Amazon switched their manufacturing to Vietnam. All the units from Vietnam have lower sound quality or cheaper components. I went to Best Buy and looked at the bottom of all their boxes and found one that was Assembled in China. Bought it. It sounds SO MUCH BETTER! Returned the Vietnam unit back to Amazon.	2	March 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Bought to try for music, and to try the whole Alexa experience, maybe even start a Alexa home setup, yet this piece of junk, I read booklet, installed app, set it all up, and it drops connection, I constantly reconnecting and trying to redo do setup, and no difference. I'm very unhappy with my purchase. I don't suggest this unit for anyone. Not sure at this rate if I want an Alexa device if this the headache I get.	1	July 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sadly I was hoping to charge it and be able to use it anywhere in my home. But once I unplug it it’s stops working.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality isnt really that great. I like the older style better. Also after the first day it would try to play on the other devices on my account instead of the one in the darn house. Had to remove the other devices from my account to get it to play	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Oh why oh why did I sell my Gen 3s???!!!UPDATE 5/24: I thought the goal of this was to become more familiar with commands and voice recognition. Yeah, NOPE gen 4 just gets worse and worse. I rarely had an issue with my Gen 3s not ""hearing"" correctly, but 3 out of 5 commands, if I'm not 2-3 feet, directly facing these PsOS, will end up with a completely wrong response. I'm beginning to truly loathe them...might be time to give it up and go back to 3. SUCH.A.WASTE.OF.MONEYI had much better voice recognition and pick-up, equal if not better sound quality, and with wall mounts or without, they took up less space. My  bad for being enticed my shiny new things!"	2	February 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	We recently purchased two of the Gen 4 Echo Dots and the sound quality is HORRIBLE. The Gen 3 Echo Dot sounds MUCH better. If you want sound buy the Gen 3.If the price wouldn't have gone up so much from when we purchased the Gen 3 Dots I would have returned the Gen 4s in a second and purchased two more Gen 3s.I was able to find the adjustments for Base, Mid Range, and Treble; however, even with adjusting the settings the Gen 4 just doesn't produce quality sound.For now we are using one of the Gen 4s by connecting it to a Bluetooth speaker , the other one is in the dogs room (they like music when we are not home).	2	February 12, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I usually use my Alexa (3rd generation) to play my music from Spotify. I saw this, it looked so cool and it was on sale. i figured it’s an upgrade for the sound but I was wrong. There’s no bass, it sounds terrible and cheap! Don’t waste your money if you want this for your music. Everything else works fine.	3	December 11, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I bought this to use as a ring bridge to connect a ring smart light as literature online on Amazon and Ring states that the 4th generation includes the ring bridge. I also have the option in the ring app to add the echo dot but it doesn’t work. I called ring and they said the feature isn’t working and recommended I buy a separate bridge. I then called Amazon and they said the feature isn’t available on the dot specifically. If this is truly not a feature don’t advertise it as such! Please Amazon and Ring update your websites to be very clear on what this can can cannot do.	1	April 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This 4th generation Dot is supposed to be an upgrade from previous top of the line Dot. May be  slightly better sound quality is the only thing maybe but voice recognition is I feel not as good especially in terms of having to speak louder and more directionally towards unit so far in my experience	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Pensé que sonaría más recio	3	October 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The latest model does not hear voices as well as the prior generation. Matter of fact, I'm yelling at it for it to pick up my voice. Unfortunately, a 3rd generation echo dot picks up my voice from another room.  It is very annoying.  I will be moving it to a lesser-used spot in the house.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	She doesn't listen. I feel like I constantly have to yall at her to do something then she gets it wrong. I told her to cut the light off and she put butter on my grocery list. I love the sound on this one but love my older dot more	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have two of these and Alexa's voice in both sound as if she is talking through a rag. It is muffled and no adjustments make it better. I even had on go back to Amazon only to be returned in the same condition. Its too bad it can't be as clear as SIRI.	2	December 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"It's alright, has good sound for its size. Will control your lights and other smart devices. Other than that, It's just really dumb for a ""smart"" speaker. If you ask Alexa a question she will sometimes answer before you even finish the question. Also, most of the time she has no clue which is why I'll be going back to my Google Assistant."	3	December 2, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I couldn't set up the Echo Dot and had to call Customer Service.  It worked for a week, then I unplugged it for a couple of weeks.  When I plugged it back in, it wouldn't connect.  Tried resetting, etc and called customer service again.  They couldn't help and sending me a replacement.  Hope the 2nd one works better than the first.	1	August 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was excited to receive my Echo.  Upon receipt, the Echo box was packed nicely inside another box. When pulled the Echo box out it was dirty and scuffed up.  The seal had been broken on the box and a new piece laid over the broken.  I opened the box, the Echo was placed in the box.  It looked used.  I called customer service.  The lady was very nice and assured me on her end it showed new.  I guarantee it was opened and possibly used.  The sound is okay but you get what you pay for.  The sound is muffled.  The speaker sounds like I placed it in a pillowcase.	2	April 12, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is no where near as good as earlier versions and I find myself having to repeat the wake work multiple times before it recognizes it. Sound quality was boasted to be better but I don’t notice a significant improvement from previous models. Altogether this doesn’t seems to be much of an improvement on the earlier ones.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This device is nice if you’re literally looking for just a voice integrated light switch for example. But anytime you play music on it my 4 year old iPhone has a better speaker than the Dot. It’s so bad it’s embarrassing. Horrible sound quality. Additionally when you add the device to a grouping to sync music across devices this device crackles and produces a ton of nasty static. Keep in mind my devices aren’t even 15-20 feet away from each other in my small 1 bed room apartment, so it’s not even a distance issue. Again if you’re looking for an expensive voice integrated light switch this is your device. But for anything that you’ll use the device to listen to its horrific. Buy at your own risk.	2	March 2, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I thought it would be like a jbl speaker but on that talks some of the functions are not great my children talk to it and ask about Christmas it gives general robotic questions. It doesn't link to the Amazon music app as it should since it's the default app who have to completely ask alexa to play different sonv yourself instead of using the Amazon music. You cannot play music off YouTube or any other site that doesn't require a subscription. This is no different than an apple device. Not real freedom with this speaker device. Amd the application that is supposed to be supported by it doesn't work fully with the speaker nor the alexa app installed on my phone. But the sound quality is great could be louder but it's very crisp.	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Dot	So far it hasn’t been able to control anything I’ve wanted it to, so it’s just a paper weight that listens to you a know your business.	2	April 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My Alexa has worked for 45 days and then it started making a weird sound will not buy this item again I think it’s refurbished	2	April 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Easy to connect and functionality is easy. It sometimes shuts down for no apparent reason. ""Resume Alexa"" is needed often it seems."	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I would like to give my “dot” five stars because when it works it’s been great. Unfortunately my device has, on multiple occasions, seemed to “crash”: music stops playing unexpectedly, no response when prompted, etc.I’m not sure if I just got a “dud”.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I'm not happy with this echo. I bought it for my bedroom. I use it at night to play music and after 7 months it just stops responding or when it does there is a huge delay. Not sure how to rectify this.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Severely disappointed in the audio quality of the 4th gen Echo Dot when it comes to playing music through the device. Especially when compared to the full sound the 3rd gen provides. The new ones sound less full and hollow. Returned them and ordered a few more of the 3rd gen Echo Dots instead.  Much better!	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Update: i have found out there are 2 different echo dots that look the same, the more expensive one has a better sound qualityWhen a new version comes out, we expect something new, other than the shape i cant the difference in gen3 and gen4. So i paid more for a golfball shape rather than a hockey puck shape.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Really Amazon...a white cord and charger for a black echo?!!!  Is this as designed; if so, someone needs remedial classes at product design school.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wanted to send back the second replacement because the first one I purchased sound quality was poor, sounded like it was underwater so i returned it and replaced it with another, still the quality was just as bad but hesitated to send it back to get a replacement as i believe it will be just as horrible in sound.  Will definitely invest in the apple product for better sound quality.  Will not suggest product to anyone-very disappointing.  I was happy with customer service...the only plus, return and replacement was super easy.	1	May 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was disappointed that Amazon was not supporting the portable Echo Tap that I used for years. I purchased the 4th generation Echo Dot thinking that it was portable and rechargeable. Unfortunately, it is not much different then the 1st generation Echo Dot, in my opinion.	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Are used to love Alexa but since she no longer can play music, cant even read books or try and sing…..  there’s almost no point to it. I had her completely turned off & disconnected for over a month and I said to myself, lets give Alexa a try. I plugged her back in and turned her on, and I was thrilled she actually played music! , read a book!, played the radio! …..  for a day and a half.  and now she’s back to telling me she cannot. Even tech support was baffled. Such a shame. I was kinda excited about her. 😩😤	2	August 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Really enjoyed it until it stopped working. We had it for a year and a half. Then all of a sudden it stopped obeying commands. It was going in and out with music. There was delays in feedback. Spend your money on on another smart speaker that is better quality.	1	September 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Weaker on volume, weaker on ability to hear me, than 3rd generation. The sphere design is cute but not particularly useful. Notification light on bottom was also a step in the direction of less useful, less practical. I wish 360 audio had been kept rather than directional.For my purposes most of the improvements were actually setbacks.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We have had a lot of fun getting Alexa to play songs for usAnd turn lamps on and off. I have also found the term handy	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	To keep it short if you upgrade from the 1st/2nd gen then it's a must. If you have a 3rd one then there's is no need. The 3rd gen (no display) has way better sound than the 4th echo dot. 4th looks great, love the design and the led below. Care about audio?? Then stay with 3rd gen (no display)	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality has changed from the 3rd gen version. This product is OK,  but prefer the 3rd gen sound, specifically the bass.	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this to work with an older model dot. The old one works better than this thing a lot. Both sound horrible with music. Tinny and weak sounding. What would one expect except they claim otherwise? The older model hears me with no problem. Can speak with qiuiet voice and it responds. This new one, I’d rather just turn the lights on or off. I have to speak three or four times and watch to see it light up to give command because half the time it doesn’t hear me. I have a low pitched voice, but nobody says I am difficult to hear. If I had it to do over, I’d buys Apple’s system because I’ve heard it play music and these things don’t hold a candle.	2	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Alexa new design is beautiful. I just feel as though Amazon didn’t deliver. I have this hooked up to my echo sub and it keeps dropping it. Alexa keeps stopping while playing music, I ask her to continue and she starts back up but drops again. I have four other Alexa throughout the house and no issues.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa hardly listens she always says she can do something and then turns around and can’t do it or I had previously Requested something for her wish she had already did before then she told me she could no longer do it very frustrating I have to unplug her every once in a while	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is working great with my fire TV , I love that I can just tell Alexa what I want to watch and she goes and retrieves it.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Don’t waste your money on Alexa. Google home is way better and offers a broader range of answers that are inherently closer to what you ask a vast majority of the time.There are times where I genuinely have to borderline yell, or lower my voice  to an almost “Batman” level  just to get Alexa to respond, and when she does most of the time it’s either not what I asked for or just a sub par answer.Edit: customer service called me and we discussed the shortcomings of this device, and out of respect for the companies effort I will raise this to 2 stars in hopes that the future will bear greater fruit.	2	May 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I’m a dor fan. But I thought I’d ordered the one with the time display, which is awesome. I disappointed myself.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I've had an echo, a couple of echo dots, and this one.  Although this one doesn't seem to hear me every time, it has a better speaker than the old style dot.  I can use it alone or simultaneously with the echo in another part of the house.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Nothing wrong with the device, my quarrel is with The Amazon music service. You have to upgrade it to be able to play music on two separate devices, and then if you want to be able to play The same song on both (multiple) devices, you have to upgrade again to the 14.99 per month plan.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought this on sale.  A good price.  The shape was appealing and wanted to expand to another room.  Currently have a 3rd generation echo dot which has a better sound quality then the 4th generation.  Almost sounds like the echo flex.  The voice recognition seems to work better than the 3rd gen unit.Overall not bad!	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is the same a the previous version no real improvement. I like the look of this one better but the sound quality is not good at all. The sound in the previous generation was far better. I would not be this generation again as long as the previous generation is still available.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I traded-in two of my 3rd-Gen Echo Dots to buy this one. After a few hours of using it, I have decided to return the 4th-Gen and keep my 3rd-Gen Echo Dots.The response speed on this 4th-Gen Echo Dot was a big improvement over the 3rd-Gen. lt replies a lot faster.However, the sound quality was surprisingly bad, very very bad. It sounds just a bit better than the Echo Flex, but way worse than the 3rd-Gen Echo Dot. I didn't expect this and thought I might have received a defective product. After searching on Reddit and Amazon Reviews, I found people reporting the same issue. Then I know it's not just me.If you already have the 3rd-Gen Echo Dot, don't waste your money ""downgrade"" to the 4th-Gen ones."	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Dot	This was a gift for Christmas. I was skeptical to say the least about the sound it might give. I am less than impressed when this item is less than a month old and is constantly needing to be unplugged so it can be rebooted. Some times it works and some times it doesnt. For the past 2 days mostly it doesnt!	2	November 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Stick with he 3rd gen, I have 5 and love them. The 4th gen is bulky looking compared to them, and the voice recognition does not work near as well.  Most times I have to speak a lot louder or even yell at it to get it to understand or respond.  The 3rd gens, voice recognition is much better.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	To me it sounds as same as the generation before it.	3	August 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa continuously drops off internet network.	2	June 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Echo works similar to previous generations. I did not like the choice to provide a white cable with the charcoal echo, it is pretty ugly.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Did not want to connect to current system. Since installatiin I have had reinstall some switches, on still isnt recognized...by either alexa device. Not as seamless as expected.	3	June 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Don't know who's bright idea was to add a white cord to this. It's sticks out like a sore thumb. Very Tacky	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We have three third generation echo dots. I decided to get this 4th gen echo dot for the smarthub controls. The smarthub controls work great but the sound compared to the third gen dots is downright horrible. It has zero base and mid range just equally as bad. Keep your 3rd gen or upgrade to a full echo.	2	December 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	just not worth it turns off music without me saying so. I made this bad I'll say review and not 30 mins later an amazon rep had the nerve to call MY home and ask about my review. I said WHAT REVIEW. as in which one? he hung up. My main problem with this thing is I have 2 and it will cut me of from listening if the other plays the same music. as in 60 or 70's rock. and my other one is not in my house its at a friends house. I'll ask it to play music till 8 am nope. play for 3 hrs nope. Thats my problem with it. plan and simple.	2	May 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Cute design and works okay. In my opinion it's not very loud and the sound quality could be way better. I have two full size echo speakers in my house and they are easily three times as loud or clear. This little speaker barely fills my two car garage closed with quality music	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought two echo dot 4th generation to add to my existing collection to finish adding devices in every room of the house. Little disappointed in the speaker/sound quality of the 4th generation dots because the 3rd generation dots have a richer sound than either the 2nd or 4th generation dots. Should have bought two 3rd generation dots.	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Speech sound is much improved over echo 3 which had a muffled voice. However; the microphone is severly lacking compared to the echo dot 3. If more than 5ft away, I have to nearly yell for the echo 4 to hear me. The echo dot 3 can hear me across the room with normal voice tone.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I can't say anything positive or negative.  The product so far is not much different than the 1st Gen Echo Dot.  I guess the sound is a little better.  It comes with an white cord that is annoying.  Wish it was black.  I know, that's nit picky	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got this at a discount from prime day. I love music and I bought this primarily to listen to music. I love bass and this product lacks that and good sound quality. Straight out the box it sounded as if I was playing my music through a tin can. It took me about 15 minutes fiddling with the equalizer on my phone and on the Alexa app to find a decent middle ground. Just very disappointed. Good thing it was on sale I would not have bought this thing full price. Update, after streaming music on this thing for 3 days straight I've decided to return it. Music sounds like mud...	2	June 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Wish I just bought another 3rd gen Dot. I love that thing! The sound quality on this one is horrible. It's very tinny sounding, like a cheap speaker. You will notice it immediately and music is not enjoyable at all. Every time I try to use it I just can't, I have to go get my old Dot. They most likely did this so people would buy the $100 Dot upgraded version with better sound. There should be a warning somewhere that the quality of this one isn't comparable with the 3rd gen Dot. Also, Alexa doesn't hear me half the time on this new Dot, but that doesn't even matter to me. The sound quality is just so bad I'll only be using it for the weather and time anyways.	2	January 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Overall functions well as previous generations. My biggest issue is the downgrade in sound quality. I was pretty disappointed after hearing music play on it compared to 3rd gen.  Bass sounds non existent and depth is very shallow. I buy the the new gen every year and this is the first time I wasn’t happy with it.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality may be slightly better than 2nd Generation.  Voice recognition not good at all placing in exact location 2nd Gen was located.  Have to be right next to it and then almost yell.  Then the 2nd Generation responds 2 rooms away. May return unless a firmware update to correct issues comes out soon.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Compared to the last gen this one is good but not amazing. I had a bit of difficulty getting Alexa to acknowledge my voice calling her or anyone else’s to the point where we had to yell at it. (Might be something with the mic) The sound is pretty good and it’s integration in the app works just fine.	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is poor compared to the 3rd generation. We own several 3rd generations and compared them with this new one and the sound quality just isn’t there.  I’m really disappointed, I thought it would be much better than it is.	3	May 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Update: Ran amazon music off the same device and it works flawlessly, theres a reason the spotify skill has 2 stars, and thats because they push a mediocre product by making it the only viable option on their speakers. Absolute scam of a product.This product does not work for spotify 99% of the time, how convenient for them considering amazon owns a music streaming platform.	1	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	the design is okay, however it does not sit well on all surfaces, the volume sometimes goes in and out. i prefer the 3rd gen over this one	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought my 4th gen dot on black friday and it came in today (12/1/2020), always happy with the shipping time of Amazon, but a little upset with the new build. Build quality is okay, not bad, not great, just okay, feels a little cheap compared to 3rd gen. Voice recognition was a little buggy at first but it got better within 5 minutes of me unplugging it and plugging it back in. Finally, the audio is complete trash, the upgrade from 2nd to 3rd gen was unbelievably great, but the “upgrade” from 3rd to 4th was honestly like going back to my 2nd. Like i said I’m just a little upset but it’s not the end of the world, i just re boxed it and am now planning on who to give it to for Christmas!	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I’m very disappointed in the sound quality. Even using the equalizer settings in the app, the sound quality is poor. My third generation Echo Dot have much better the sound quality. This generation also doesn’t seem to recognize my voice or any other without having to speak very loudly and even when it does, I have to repeat.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is great, but the microphone is lacking. We have to almost yell at the Dot to be heard. Very disappointed as we’ve never had that problem with other Dots.	3	June 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound that comes from my echo dot is muffled and it is difficult to understand most of the time.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is terrible. The last generation was so much better. I just have it in the kitchen for little dance parties with the kids, but I am taking the 3rd generation back from my son and giving him this one for his room. I can’t even stand it, even after adjusting all the it’s still terrible.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This product does not keep a connection which makes it very difficult to use.I would say this isn't my favorite product. I thought it was going to be more versatile.I thought you could use this in every room without plugging it in but you cannot.Extremely hard to set up. No instructions	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Well I was all excited about purchasing this Echo Dot for but it doesn’t stand up to the echo dot that I had originally it doesn’t listen very well I get a command and it doesn’t answer or reply the speaker and the sound quality is not very good either	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got a Charcoal one also. Don't really care about cord color. I just assumed it would be a whole lot smarter and intuitive. Moderately frustrated and disappointed. I don't get it. Does it need a browser upgrade? ......Just asked it a couple more questions. It has no clue!! Might end up using it for batting practice.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Wow! What a disappointment. My girlfriend has the Google mini and that's where I was first turned onto this technology. What I didn't like about her mini was that the sound quality was not good. Little to no base when playing music. I saw the specs on this and figured it would be better, and it is. Make no mistake about it, the quality of sound is very good on this device. However, everything else is inferior to her small inexpensive Google mini. Alexa is slow in responding to my prompts and has insufficient data to give answers to questions and even make a simple grocery list. My girlfriend's Google mini has the capability of having a mini conversation. As long as you speak immediately following the reply then it will acknowledge. However, Alexa does not do that. When she gives the information, that's the end of the story. You have to start from scratch. I am very disappointed in this product. I think I'll just put it in the bathroom and use it for music and get a Google instead. very very disappointed in this product. If this is the most latest generation then it scares me to think what the early ones were.	1	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Not the biggest fan of this model. I have Gen 3 also and much happier with it than this one. I dont know if it is bad placement q what. She almost never hears me...I practically need to yell. Ill say that the volume and better when I do get her to respond.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was surprised with the decrease in sound quality comparing the new model to the previous model. I was hoping for at par or better, but the newer model’s sound quality, especially the bass, doesn’t hold a candle against the previous model. I even tried to adjust it from the Alexa app and that didn’t do much. Drat.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I love the color but I thought this would amplify my music play it louder but it doesn’t! It will not connect to the star machine so sad!	3	June 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Havent found out to work properly	3	September 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It registers when spoken to but does not do what the command is. It lights up then does not respond verbally. You have to unplug it and plug it back in to work right. Then, it works for about 5 commands then locks up to be unresponsive again. We have a bunch of 3rd generation ones that have never given us problems. The one 4th generation we have and it has give us problems. It started about 11 months after use and has progressively gotten worse. Didn’t realize it was a faulty dot until it was too late. Now out of warranty so nothing to do but tell the truth. The sound is great on it though. Better than 3rd gen sounds for sure.	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The audio quality is terrible for music. It serves as a cheap speaker if you get it under 30. Not worth the regular price.  It sounds good with audio books. It also has a sonic movement detector. Buy the show 8 or regular echo for better sound. Even the 2nd generation echo as a better speaker. Xoxo	2	December 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was disappointed by the sound quality on the Dot.  It sounded like listening to music on an AM radio station.  I returned it.  If I decide to get one again, I’ll go for the normal Echo (note the Dot) with the Dolby sound.  In the meantime, I’ll continue using my Alexa-enabled Sonos Move.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Me duró una semana y ya no funciona, pero aún no puedo devolverlo, me lo han puesto muy complicado para devolverlo	1	October 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Microphone doesn’t have the same quality as the Dot 3, it’s about 6ft away and I have to yell for it to take any actions.  Put it on the shelf and brought out my Dot 3.	2	February 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Doesn’t work with my other Alexa devices, doesn’t play if another device is playing in another room and doesn’t match the sound quality of the older and smaller Google device we have. A bit better than the previous generation, but the sound on that one was pretty poor.  A bit disappointing. 🙁	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The device itself is great. I do not like the fact for us to play specific music on the device we would have to pay $9.99 a month. We already pay $3.99 for our Alexa in the kitchen but to play music on both devices you must pay more. Very disappointed there.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I actually prefer the 3rd Gen way more than this one. It's a little frustrating because I could have gotten two 3rd gens for the price of one 4th gen. The sound is not NEARLY as good as the earlier generations... sounds quiet and not as rich.	3	March 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Does not have the bass that other echo dots have	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Works sometimes in the morning, sometimes in evening, occasionally it will control the tv. You shouldn’t have to work so hard to get a device to work.	2	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Like any other a.i speaker needs much more improvement specialty with the way ppl talk these days lol but even just a better basic understanding	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I set a timer but got no response when the time ended.No alert when the time is up.	3	July 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love my Dot 3rd generation and loved the look of the new 4th generation but the sound quality is terrible! I’ve adjusted the the bass, tremble and mid range and the sound is nowhere near as good as the 3rd gen. Very disappointed considered its supposed to have the same speaker as the 3rd gen.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Easily integrates with other stuff in the house but when it comes to the answering questions Alexis not all there.	2	April 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The device stopped working after nearly a year.  Microphone defective.  Amazon would not replace, only offered a discount to purchase a new dot. This is a known issue, yet they are still being sold.  I went through all of the trouble shooting steps while on the phone with a Amazon rep.  He was nice, but this device SUCKS!	1	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I bought this on sale thinking it would have a better sound quality. In my opinion, it didn’t. Quite the opposite. The sound had an almost grainy sound and I could not get it to sound as good as the smaller echo dot. The 3rd gen sounds far better to me.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It works fine, hooked was super quick. But how are you going to send me a white cord when I get a charcoal color dot, it's ugly.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This one is a step down from last gen.  Even though it looks like it should be better because it's bigger, the sound is actually worsem. And the mic pickup is horrible.  Half the time people can barely hear me	3	May 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the new design and simpler integration into the ecosystem. However, I am not too fond of the 4th Gen dot. It is incompatible with echo dot gen 3 when it comes to stereo pairing. Secondly, the speaker seems to be optimized for speech but not music. I gave it only three stars generously.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Not sure at all what the improvements were over the previous version.  Sound is bad.  Looks cheap. Waste of money.	2	April 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was shocked to find the sound from this new model to be hollow and poor, especially in comparison to the prior generation. That’s surprising considering the the case is so much larger than before. I’m so disappointed in the sound, I’ll be hooking it up to some powered computer speakers. Save your money. Don’t buy the new model.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	If you are used to listening to high-end blue tooth speakers, this one will disappoint.The sound quality compared to the last generation Echo is not there.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased 5 and 1 of the 5 failed  Fortunately I had purchased while on sale.	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the new design from the 4th gen echo but the voice recognition is terrible. As I have a couple Alexa products around the house. I could be facing this echo dot and another one picks up my voice instead. It gets frustrating at times when I ask something at low levels.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It does respond sometimes have to shout Alexa several times and occasionally it give wrong response to question asked.	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It took a while to get connected with our WiFi. It might have been on our part but it was very frustrating.	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	i was expecting better sound quality than my older echo dots. still not as good as my 1st gen echo	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Replaced my gen3 echo dot.  Returning this to try the gen4 ""echo with premium sound"".  When I first turned it on the voice sounded different, and I thought hmm.. maybe their is a new voice for this gen.. but after playing some music realized nope, that is just the airy tinny sound of this new one."	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	WEDNESDAY AUGUST 31ST. 2022  Tisk, tisk, tisk Amazon!!! Shame on the people who made this item!  I honestly expected more from an item like the Alexa pod.  Will not work unless plugged in!!!!  How stupid is that?Adrienne	1	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It does not pick up on the activation word nearly as easily as the normal echo. You have to be pretty loud to activate it.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The device worked fine however I ordered a charcoal device and it comes with a white cord. Does that make sense from an aesthetics perspective? I checked with Amazon's customer service and I was told that all 4th generation devices come with a white cord. They must of ran out of black cords in China!	3	December 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Well… First of all, strangely enough, the  Original Echo Dot box- not the Amazon box, was SOAKING wet. How this happened I have no idea! The box disintegrated in my hands .  I went ahead and took out the Echo Dot which appeared to be dry and plugged it in. It worked fine for two weeks. Now it’s a piece of crap. I need to return it.I actually bought a second one at the same time that was just delivered a couple of days ago, but I haven’t taken it out of the box yet.  I’m not sure I will.	2	July 15, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Not nearly as good as my old Echo Dot. The voice sounds like it’s in a tunnel and adjusting it does nothing.	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this product in May of 2020 and it stopped working a few months later. I attempted to find a fix for the unit as only the mute button was working. Everything else was not functioning.I searched the internet and found this was a fairly common issue so I contacted support. They were not helpful at all.They refused to replace the unit and only wanted to give me a discount on a new one. So I could pay more for an exact replica of something that I didn’t get my money’s worth in the first place.I can honestly recommend that no one purchase one of these. Not even for $5.Amazon is a large company and they don’t need our business. They made that abundantly clear.If you want a dot then go with 3rd Gen or older. The 4th Gen is a waste of money.	1	December 27, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Moved and it won’t work now very upset	3	September 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound on this comoared to the 3rd generation Echo dot is terrible. it sounds like you are listening to an old radio.The 3rd generation echo dot in a different room can pick up my voice when I whisper and this one doesn't even hear me when i speak normally most of the time.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Dot	There is a learning curve, and it requires smartphone or computer association to function completely. A fun little device, but limited in its functionality to playing music or ordering items from Amazon. Without the clock it's really just a novelty unless you have lots of integration into your home or office.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the look of this=, even thought it is not as versatile and 3rd Generation.  that could you hang it any way you want agains a wall, under the counter. etc.  but Also it feels the sound is less clear on the 4th generation. so I am preferring the sound of the 3rd Generation better.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have a second generation echo and Show and they both have great sound quality.  I was a bit disappointed in the quality of the bass of this Echo Dot.  I bought it hoping it would be better than my old echo dot, but it wasn't.  Other than that, it is fine.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Barely understands me at times.  I have to shout, or yell to get it to work.  Not very happy.	3	July 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound is not near what the full size echo has.Voice recognition is not as quick either, sometimes hard to get her attention.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Re-set with the app several times and absolutely will not work with voice recognition. Have to push the power button and then talk to get it to work. Sound quality is very good.  Will keep it but would not buy another one.	2	January 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound quality was very 'tinny' and high pitched and hard on the ears.  It sounded it better after attaching it an external speaker speaker.  The third generation Echo Dots sound better and are a better value at their current prices.  I cannot recommend the the fourth generation Dot as they are now.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have an Alexa that is 4 years old.. it’s a tall black round one. It’s sound is at least 50x better than this new 4th gen echo dot. I have tried for 3 days with this thing and not only is the sound lower than my iPhone can go, but it’s crap quality. It’s like a 1999 mini van. But not even because it doesn’t get LOUD! The Alexa from 2018 gets louder. Returning this ASAP	1	July 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	who makes a product like this that can't be recharged and carried around!	3	August 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased my 4th Gen Echo Dot on Jan 8, 2021. On Jan 8, 2022, I started to see odd behavior: the blue light spinning and spinning for no reason; no response to the wake word; the same answer over and over: “I’m sorry, I couldn’t find that”.Two months later and it doesn’t work at all. Any time I interact with it, I have to unplug, reset, turn it back on. It recognizes no Bluetooth devices. I’ve tried all the YouTube hacks of resetting it, and nothing. It works for one command, then stops. Period.I get that tech isn’t designed to last very long these days, but one year? And $50? Really??	1	March 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Having been very satisfied with my three 3rd Gen Echo Dots, I decided to upgrade my style and get a 4th Gen.  It looks really nice, but unfortunately, sound quality does not compare to the 3rd Gen. I saw others’ reviews warning of this and went in with an open mind, hoping it just wasn’t the case. The sound is VERY shallow, small. Even Alexa’s voice lacks depth. I adjusted bass to max and treble to minimum. I tested the same song with both Dots in the same location. The 3rd Gen Dot, though small, manages to crank out decent bass. It is not there in the 4th Gen. Sadly, I returned it.	2	May 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I got this as a Xmas gift and finally got to set it up.  It takes a while for me to set it up.  For some reasons it couldn't recognize the wifi.  After 30 mins, it finally recognize it and I didn't even do anything different.When I move the device from the kitchen to the second floor; it also takes a long time for it to connect to the wifi.Another problem I have is that the sound quality is not as good.  I mainly use it as a speaker for Spotify and the sound quality is not as good as the cheaper version of the BOSE or the BEATS.	2	April 13, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I primarily use my echo as a Bluetooth for books or music around the house, and of course the basics of asking little things too Alexa. The sound is great, and for the most part it’s good, but I really hate the loud Bluetooth announcement it makes every time it’s connected to anything. If I put the echo’s volume low, I can’t hear the music, but if I put it loud, then the Bluetooth notice is super loud. There’s no way around it. Using this for sleep sounds doesn’t work because there’s going to be a LOUD notice in the middle of the night to scare you awake and confused. Because of that, I’m giving it 2 stars because that was one of my main reasons for buying this.	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Not even 6 mos old and it won't connect to my network anymore.  Just outside the return date.  And just after I received the one I purchased on Prime day for $20.00.  But if it's not going to last three month's why does anyone want to buy one?  I haven't thrown it away yet, but It's a paperweight on my workbench now.	1	August 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I find the voice recognition and quality of this new generation inferior to the previous one. It doesn’t respond more often than the previous one when I don’t pause my statement after saying the trigger word. If I will buy again, I will buy the previous model. It is cheaper, takes less space.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It is a lot smaller than I expected. I had a difficult time setting it up and the tech support guy was very rude!	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This Alexa is must be an old lady.... I have to yell at her multiple times because she's really hard of hearing.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This device lack of knowledge is amazing my dog can find better answers. Oh don't ask about other religions cause the only religion history or otherwise she knows is Christianity and it's even a bit inaccurate. You'll get better info on Google search or going to a library . Also it doesn't work with Roku even though it says it's connected to the device it doesn't work. This device is a waste of money	1	July 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"The sound quality on the Gen 4 Echo Dot is not as full and rich as the Gen 3 Dot in my opinion.  The ""globe"" shape is also a step backwards making it harder to see the status ring and taking up more space without any functional benefit.  Overall very disappointed."	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I always have to call the representative to see way it’s not working when I should just say Alexa play this song	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This device does not hear very well. It will also stop responding to the activation word after it does a command. I have to wait or get it to respond. I would not buy another one of this type of device	2	January 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Don't like the sound much.Don't like that there aren't any real options on changing the sound of the voice.Alexa doesn't know alot of simple things.I'm thinking about giving both of my Alexa Gen 4's away for the Google platform.I should have done more research before buying the Echo Gen 4	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's a good toy but unless you have all modern stuff it is just a toy	3	August 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My Echo Dot is great for playing music & telling me the weather.  But several times I have asked questions which Alexa says she cannot answer.  I get much better results asking Siri on my iPhone.  These Echo products would be awesome if they could run on batteries.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like when Alexa works. It’s hit or miss whether Alexa is going to respond or not. It gets old. My kids think it’s funny when Alexa doesn’t respond.	3	June 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Speakers spend more time trying to upsale you on stuff then responding to directions	1	November 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This thing is garbage. I'm trying to play my liked songs on spotify and it won't do it or it tries to play through my alexa fire tv, even if i specifically ask for it to play through the echo. It can do quite a bit, but considering how this won't even work as a simple speaker makes me absolutely hate it. Customer service was of no help, completely baffled by it. Literally on the phone for an hour. The only way I can play my liked songs is to open my tv and play it or play through a different bluetooth speaker, completely nullifying the echo dot.	1	April 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Very disappointed with the sound quality you would think for the next gen echo they would have cleaned this up	2	April 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It's small, cheap, and has Alexa support. Microphones seem as responsive as the prior generation Dot, but the audio quality is not as good. This Dot sounds tinny and cheap compared to the prior generation.If you are after good sound quality in this size, the HomePod mini is the better choice.	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa responded when I first set it up, but after that it did not respond to my voice unless I spoke into my phone! It would not control my home devices despite the fact that they said they were connected. What am I missing?	2	January 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My Alexa plays music but stops out of nowhere I take the plug out and put it back in and it does the same thing	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sadly, the sound quality is nothing near that of our 2nd gen echo.  I was anxious to get this new echo but overall I am pretty disappointed.  The power cord is white, which makes no sense at all.  I wish I hadn’t traded our old echo, it certainly wasn’t worth it.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I thought we would use it more than we do.  We have to call out to it several times before it recognizes our voices.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have the echo 8 which I connected to the echo dot in my home and am able to communicate using both in different rooms.  I am satisfied with the dot overall.	3	May 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa is terrific technology but the sound quality of the echo dot is poor. Listening to music is painful on this device!	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I would like to start with.... I like the white cable! Doesn’t bother me, it looks better for my applications. The round is cool for me too.That said, the sound is the absolute most shocking, staggering, disappointing, bewildering downgrade from the 3rd Gen. This device feels less sturdy, and is no improvement over the previous generation.The ONLY reason I’m not returning is because I can’t get my hands on any 3rd gens to replace the flimsy, less impressive current generation dot. I swear these hippies are gonna ruin everything. I just didn’t think they could ruin the simple, sturdy, reliable Echo Dot. Not even worth the Black Friday price.I have two normal gen 4 echos coming. If they are this bad, they are getting returned.	2	December 14, 2020	0
Echo Dot	El uso que le doy a este equipo es netamente personal, pero tengo otro dispositivo de la generación anterior.  El sonido  de la generación anterior es mejor. Los bajos, y la intensidad del volumen son mejores.  Creo que deberían revisarlos porque si fuera el primer dispositivo que compro, no compraría más	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have two of the towers and four dots before I got this device. I like the look. The sound is pretty basdy. And I find where all my other devices seem to almost hear a whisper, I have to raise my voice a lot for this model to even hear me.	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	At first kept disconnecting from Wi-Fi and had to keep reconnecting it. Now won’t connect at all.	1	October 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have many other Alexa devices as well as two previous version DOTs.  The sound is terrible.  So much I wish I could return it.  Do not buy under any circumstances even if free!	2	February 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Always wanted an Echo and I'm happy for what it is.Guess why I'm giving it a 3 star review?Thats right, is really dumb to do a white power cord on a black item and that what I received.I guess I'll wrap it up with something cause it looks out of place.	3	December 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Echo generation 4  does not have a lot of bass sounds at least for me the volume of the bass only goes to volume six I would have enjoyed it more if it went to volume 9 or 10 for me the music does it have that depth  it’s OK	3	December 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It seems that the microphone isn't at good on this one. Alexa has trouble with my requests also if I drop in to another device the new one sounds like you are in a tunnel where as the older ones are clear. This does have much better sound quality for music.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wanted the new 4th gen because of the sound upgrade and I can't tell the difference between the old 2nd gen I've had for 4 years. It still works just fine but I can't think of any sort of upgrade the 4th gen is compared to the 2nd gen besides aesthetics.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"Sometimes I have to scream ""alexa"" to activate this echo. It is kinda deaf. Has difficulties to heard what I ask."	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I use my echo dots primarily for music and have three around my house, usually all going at once. I returned the Gen 4 and just bought an additional Gen 3. The sound quality on the Gen 4 is awful for music. I don't need anything super fancy so the Gen 3s have been fine, but the Gen 4 sounds worse than the cheap bluetooth speaker I got in a clearance bin years ago for under ten bucks. Messing with the sound levels and settings within the Alexa app didn't help at all. Skip this one if you're going to use it for music. Also, I don't like that it can't be easily mounted to the wall to save counter space like the Gen 3 can.	2	January 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The product is great but I struggled with the set up.	3	August 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's now been well past the return window so I can't return but no matter how many times I restarted, factory resetted, reconnected, etc every couple of days it would just completely disconnect and nothing I did got it back online. Followed all the steps and tutorials and tried to do the tech chat to help and it seemingly randomly decided to work but then pretty soon after reverted back into refusing to connect/react to my voice anything. I have multiple of the older generation dots though that are fantastic and have lasted years so I'll probably just get another of those.	1	April 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Debo decir que me ha decepcionado esta versión, tengo 3 modelos de 3ra generación y uno de segunda, y este de 4ta se escucha casi igual que el de segunda.  No lo recomiendo si lo que quieres es escuchar música de buena calidad, mejor compra de tercera generación.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Had to go back to using my 3rd Generation. The 4th Generation suddenly could ""not understand"". After being on the phone 3 hours with Amazon, I gave up. They could not figure it out.Now with being back online with the 3rd Generation I have had no problems."	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The most striking deficiency is the poor sound quality compared to the third generation ""hockey puck"" dot. It lacks depth, sounds tinny, even with adjusting equalization settings. I found the microphone less sensitive, frequently having to repeat commands. I found the buttons less convenient than the gen 3's, though no deal-breaker. Packaging the black model with a white power cord does seem odd but does not offend me as it did other reviewers. And the power brick/charger was not a problem for me as it apparently was for some. I like the ""orb"" design, but the light ring at the bottom is not as easy to see from some relative positions and depending on the the light and surface it's on. I returned it and ordered another hockey puck."	2	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I love the product, however it isnt that loud; I'm assuming this is to work in conjuction with other dots connected to a larger speaker perhaps? No issues with it, just literally for a smaller room.	3	May 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don't understand why they came out with a new echo dot and didn't improve the sound quality. In fact, the sound quality on this one sounds like a first generation echo dot! Like a tiny, fuzzy sound. The music sounds okay, but the Alexa speaking voice is harder for me to understand.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"My second gen dot hears everything and responds accordingly.  This one you have to shout at like my grandpa was when he didn't put in his hearing aids. At least she doesn't say ""What!'. Anyway it works well and the sound is exceptionally better when you can get her to listen to you."	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Besides a different design, there's not much more to warrant an increase in price compared to the previous model. I bought this on Amazon Day when it was on a significant sale, so I don't have that much buyer's remorse. But for those on the fence, I would just go for the previous model.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I had high hopes for listening to my music through Alexa and my home stereo. Unfortunately, Alexa can only connect to some of the newest stereo components with bluetooth. It cannot pair with my Onkyo receiver that may Bose speakers are connected to. I currently play music through my Samsung phone without issue, but Alexa cannot do that. I also tried connecting to my Bose Solo 5 soundbar but Alexa cannot do that either, although I play music on that with my phone all the time.	2	September 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I purchased two of the 4th generation Echo Dots and am disappointed. The concept is great but the execution was done poorly. The sound quality has diminished and the buttons are cheap. Probably going to return them for a refund. If you want a good sounding speaker for the price stick with the 3rd generation.	3	November 19, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Did not have music that I listen to. Most were not available because of music ownership on other platforms.	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	IT'S JUST OK.  IT DOESN'T WORK W/O THE APP.  IF IT DOES, SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO USE IT.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	After three, 2nd generation dots failed within months of purchase, I bought the 3rd generation in January 2022. Worked fine for 5 months so I ordered a second. Literally walked in the door after picking up the new one to find the first one with the yellow ring of death going. Nothing I tried will revive it, I did multiple searches for help, it simply will not come back to life, just like all 3 of the 2nd generation Echo Dots. Time to check into a different system.	1	May 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I would gladly buy the older style Dot but I cant find one so I a ma bit stuck with this. I would gladly replace it with the previous model. the looks and Alexa function is great but the sound quality is considerably worst.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I hoped to use this item to turn lights on and off by voice command. It should have a sensitivity control. I have to shout for it to respond.	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Esperaba mas de este equipo por ser un modelo nuevo mas grande y de 4ta generacion, pues no es un equipo que a 60cm de distancia hay que gritarle para que te escuche y repetir las cosas hasta 3 veces para que haga lo que uno pide, la mayoria del tiempo hay que gritarle hasta 3 veces para que se active , su version echo dot anterior era mas pequeño y muchisimo mas eficiente , como ejemplo tengo un echo dot de 3ra generacion en una sala distante y al hablar con este equipo echo a 1 mt de distancia no escucha mi llamado pero el de 3ra generacion que esta en la sala me escucha hay ya con ese ejemplo se puede determinar lo pesimo que es este modelo y el dpto de soporte solo me dio de solucion resetearlo , tarea que se hizo y no hizo ninguna diferencia en su oesimo funcionamiento , no lo recomiendo a nadie perdi mi dinero.	1	November 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Still having issues linking to play in stereo. Plays for two or three songs then cuts out and becomes non responsive.	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sounds tinny right out the box.  Features work great but music/sound are worse than previous gen dot.  Bulky to boot and a white power cord that stands out against black product.  Should've gotten the new Echo with the larger speakers.I'm a loyal customer, but that ends when quality declines.	3	November 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I was asked what color Alexa I wanted, I chose  charcoal/black.  The power cord came in white. What sense does that make?You guys are smarter than that. Send me a charcoal/black power cord.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	4th generation has light ring on bottom, so you can not see volume level. She is much harder to wake than my 3rd generation echo dot. Speakers do sound better and gets louder than 3 generation.	3	May 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this thinking that the sound quality would be a bit better than the previous generation. I think I prefer the sound quality of the previous generation better. The ball design isn't my favorite thing, either. If I could do it again, I wouldn't purchase this version.	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Did not notice any improvement to prior versions	3	August 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Alexa start the time.  Alexa start the timer.  Alexa start the timer... ALEXA START THE FREAKIN TIMER....  I can't tell you how many meals have been ruined when I go to check the timer and Alexa never started one because I didn't ask her to do so 9 times.  I'm getting sick of this.  If I have to manage Alexa so closely, what's the point?  And yes, I've provided feedback (""her"" instructions when I asked why I have to ask so many times before I'm acknowledged).  Alexa submit this comment.  Alexa, submit this comment.  Alexa submit this comment..."	2	June 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This is my third Echo dot.  Just traded in a first generation for this one.  All I have to say is that the sound quality compared to the earlier versions I have is horrible.  Other than that everything seems to work fine	3	March 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So I have several large speaker Alexa devices, but due to scalpers, those aren't available currently. So I bought this instead. The sound quality is crackly and awful. It's not very loud either. The sound is very tinny and just sounds bad. Anyway, it was only $20 so I'm not too mad about it.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	What it all  boils down to, for me, is that the 3rd generation Echo Dot sounds better (fuller bass) than the 4th generation.  The 4th generation sounds thin and tinny.  I've adjusted the highs, mids, and lows via the app, but I can't get that beefier sound that the 3rd gen has.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"I thought having an affordable smart speaker would be fun for my kids. Unfortunately, this smart speaker has pretty poor sound (the bass is nonexistent, as you might expect), and it is constantly trying to sell me Amazon Music Unlimited, which is obnoxious. It also just decides to play random playlists for no reason. When I asked it to shuffle the playlist, ""Classical for Babies,"" it instead played the latest pop hits. No idea why. I've found that treating it more like a typical Bluetooth speaker and using the Alexa and Amazon Music apps to control it is easier and avoids the constant upselling."	2	July 13, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I like the design... and that’s the only good thing I have to say about this. In terms of usability, i would use it more as a personal assistant that a speaker, the bass sucks, I would even say it’s nonexistent and the sound is very hollow. The sound quality of the 3rd generations is worlds better. I don’t know if I got a defective model because in the description it says crisp vocals and balanced bass, like I said there is no bass and the vocals sound a bit crackled and it will most likely end up collecting dust on a shelf. I would buy another one to see if the sound is any better but I don’t want to end up with 2 useless devices.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I purchased this Echo Dot to use in my kitchen so I can listen to music and have Alexa set my alarms. From the verbiage on the Amazon web page, I expected the sound to be superior to the earlier versions of Dot speakers. It's not. This is fine.	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	While I find Siri way too responsive to anything that sounds like her name, Alexa is the exact opposite where I have to ask her multiple times to do anything. Maybe it's my voice, but Alexa is constantly mishearing my commands or doesn't respond at all. It's really annoying because I bought specifically so I can turn volume up and down via voice since I make a lot of phone calls for my job. I will say that it's got a really solid speaker for the price. I'd give the Echo Dot a 2.5/5 if amazon let you give half stars.	2	July 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The music sound is good but if I ask Alexa something I can hardly hear her. Much softer than the music playing.	3	July 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have zero use for a device that controls everything, or answers a question I can easily look up on Google myself. What I do need is a device that I can use my voice to stop or start a music track, because I'm learning to play guitar. While it was responsive to voice commands, I couldn't get it to play a song without having to subscribe to Amazon music. I already pay 80 billion subscription fees, I'm not adding another. Further, I have an iPod classic that has all my music on it, so I don't need (or want) to use a streaming service.I'm sure it's an otherwise a decent device, it just failed spectacularly at what I needed it for. Returned the same day I got it.	1	February 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is my second alexaShe always saying sorry I can't do thatI bought these to listen to my favorite radio stationsBut always have to go through my phone to turn them onI say the number and then nameShe says she can't get it	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don’t like that the dot is black but the electric cord is white, it looks like is not for that	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The new design of the echo dot is nice but the sound quality has decreased. The bass has decreased and it sounds very shallow compared to the previous generations. The voice recognization works greats and the size is perfect. I can’t get past the audio quality so I’m likely going to just gift it to someone	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I gave it a three star because the previous model sounds better and has a little more bass in the sound while the new one makes music sound flat and bland	3	June 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality and voice recognition is good. Unfortunately it’s basically a brick in my house. I bought it for my son’s room. Even though he has his own Amazon Music account under my household with his Teen account, he can’t listen to his own music on the echo. Apparently Alexa doesn’t recognize Teen accounts. DO NOT BUY FOR YOUR TEEN- IT WON’T WORK WITH TEEN AMAZON ACCOUNTS! I don’t want to have his music on my Amazon music account. We have them separate for a reason. I pay extra money to have separate Amazon music accounts. After looking into the issue to try to find a solution, I discovered people have been asking Amazon to fix this for over 4 years without it being fixed yet.	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	the previous echo works better than it is, I have had problems with the alarm does not want to stop it only stops for 5 min and turns on again even if I tell it to stop by voice or stop it manually, I had to disconnect it from the power	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Price was not as advertised. Price was supposed to be half of what I was charged.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is terrible.  It has zero bass and sounds tinny.  It also doesn't pick your voice when trying to wake it up, or hear your questions/commands. It's also a larger foot print and doesn't fit in well to me. The buttons on top look and feel super cheap.  I really like the previous version,  this seems like a step backwards.Update : After speaking with support and trying their suggestions this thing still is terrible.  The biggest issue is it never picks up voice commands,  I have to repeat myself constantly and very slowly.  It also has an annoying delay, when it finally does hear you it takes a few seconds to react if not longer.  Worst version yet for the echo dot!07/18/2022 - finally bought 2 of the 3rd gen dots on prime day to replace these 4th gens that are terrible.  With the 4th gens I had to scream at them to get them to hear me. Tried all the tips online abdvfrom support,  nothing made them better. With the 3rd gens I can almost whisper and they hear me.	1	February 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Hard to understand how this system works....at the age of 66 and the first time having WiFi thought this would be easier for me to use butta after trying it for a couple of days I just’a packed it back in the box and go back to my normal!	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Display on Echo Dot not working and trying to get a replacement (exchange) on your web site is insane.Your trying to make me trouble shoot this product , I don't want to, I just want one that works. The worst part is you guys don't have a phone number listed to talk to someone, this nightmare is making me think I should end my account with you.	1	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Alexa has quite a few glitches & will answer questions with NOTHING to do with the subject mater. She even failed several wake-up calls for me. She's fun but needs MUCH improvement!	3	May 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think the light should be in a higher location so you don't have to look for it ,The old hockey puck type was great i use that one more than the new ball type .  Thank You  Dave Witman	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	when I went to go add my new Alexa fourth generation it would not let me make it a pair and it would say network error or software update needed I want to go check if there was a software update no there wasn't it said it was updated someone please help.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I loved the color and I thought with it being the next generation it would work and the sound quality would be better. But we found that it doesn’t pick-up on our voice recognition as well as our old one or have as loud or good a sound quality.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I didnt realized that this item has to be plugged in to work. I am unable to connect it to my smart TV and that was  the reason to order it for my son. So I dnt use it because im unable to use it with my tv.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I do not like the song quality of this instrument whatsoever. It has screwed up my group music, as I have two echoes already which I have named an everywhere group, added this to that everywhere group. However, it never plays or occasionally plays as well. It causes one of my others to not work so definitely not worth $1	1	August 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Music and speech are not at same volume	3	August 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Me agrada la calidad de sonido , el diseñoLo q no me gusta es q creo q está Alexa esta loca	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like everything about the Alexa  echo Dot. But the three star review is because it stops playing after maybe 15 minutes. I reset it.  It continues to stop and I reset it. Very frustrating and irritating. I’m not getting any helpful support from Amazon.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound could be better- does not get loud enough for my taste	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wish it was easier to just have it be a plain old bluetooth speaker. Sometimes she doesn’t recognize my voice, or play from a playlist. I think it might be the Apple iPhone to Alexa/Amazon thing, but it’s not great. Connects well with Sirius though.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Wasn’t as user friendly as I was hoping it would be. Really struggling with Alexa integration.	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I honestly have to say that I'm disappointed with this echo dot. I have a few others, Gen 2 & 3. The sound quality on the previous versions are way better than the much newer version. I was expecting an even better quality from the 4th Gen but it's just not there. Disappointing.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Stopped working after only using it 3 times. Don’t waste your money.	1	November 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound on my 3rd generation was much more plessing to listen to. The 4th generation. was tinier, way less base or quality sound. I sent it back and ordered another 4rd generation dot. I was told that they took out 1cwoofer from the 4th gen. Big mistake, big!	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This is a great device to use, but it doesn’t allow multiple commands at one time for example “ Alexa, change the living room light color to blue and turn it on” I can do that with my Google Nest.	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not something you really want to play music through, the sound quality is bad compared to their other units (Echo, Show, etc.)	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Good overall though sound not as good as 3rd	3	August 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is better than with the old echo dot (Puck), but the microphone doesn't pick up nearly as well as the old. I feel like I have to yell across the room vs my old echo dot that I could whisper from downstairs and she would hear me.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It only speaks to me in Spanish. Even when I change the language settings to English. I never use it anymore. So glad I got it on prime day and didn’t waste my money on the full price	1	September 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	New to using echo devices, looks sleek and matches my decor but the grouping of speakers keep disconnecting. The device sometimes doesn’t respond to me. I feel like I’m having a screaming match. Overall I will keep trying to work out the issues.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Same issue I have has in the past with Alexa devices. Have to yell to get her to hear you. However if the TV says something unrelated to the wake word she can hear from across the room. I can scream from three feet away and she answers most of the time with let me play you a song. Maybe Amazon should spend more time with the mics and voice recognition and less with the housing shapes and colors.	1	June 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The voice comes across muffled and not too clear. Maybe a improvement in the speaker is needed.	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased two Echo dots> One works better than the other. The poorly functioning Echo dot, works intermittently!	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Likes: Colors, size, clarity of Alexa voiceDislikes: I like to listen to my spotify through it, sound quality is ok, thought it would be better. I have an older generation Echo and the sound quality is way better.	3	April 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Thing is def! Have to almost hallar for it to here you. My 3rd generation echo dot you can damn near whisper and  it hears you but this 4th generation nope Everything else alexa should do works and music on it sound good	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not so easy to work if you have never worked Alexa commands no instructions of commands or how too's.....	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Size too small.  Sound quality inferior.  Charcoal dot .... white cord (??)	2	May 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It doesn’t consistently hear me, even when I rotate it so the microphones are facing where I usually sit. It also takes a moment to pair when playing music with Spotify when my old dot (now in my kitchen) is ready right away.Sound quality doesn’t seem particularly better than my old dot. And at certain angles, you can’t see the indicator light, so it’s hard to tell if Alexa heard you (obv a problem when she doesn’t hear me more often than she does).Also it’s ugly. Just keep selling the old dots. These suck.	2	July 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	In consistency, seems to disconnect from network by itself while other devices are connected just fine.	3	July 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It works nice as a speaker. However, the mic sensitivity is not good. Even when everything is silent, I need to almost yell so that Alexa can hear me, which doesn't happen with my older echo. Additionally, a black echo dot with a white cord doesn't look good at all.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really like the echo dots but like the computer it cuts out and doesn't work all the time.  Very disappointing	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The prior version Eco Dot 3rd generation has an overall better sound quality I have 3 of them in my house and they sound awesome. This Echo Dot 4th generation has very little bass and does not have as good of overall sound quality. I do like the taller profile.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Great, but if router is a bit far, it has issues connecting.	3	August 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Plays a few songs, cuts off and then comes back on again.  This is repeated several times.	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think 3rd Gen is better than the new one. Now I  have to speak loud for Alexa to respond.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Though reviews said it was ""easy"" to synch, three of us each tried to synch to Echo Subwoofer plus a new Amazon smart TV - No luck after at least 30 minutes each of trying.  Returned to just get a good sound bar - which only took 5 minutes and worked great -Also, I was super surprised when I returned it to UPS store as they now require I package it and tape it all up for a return - cost me $9.50 in packaging to UPS store - Really bad return situation compared to other Amazon options for returns -"	1	April 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This version is a big downgrade from the previous Echo Dot. I find that the audio does not sound as good as the old one. The voice recognition isn’t good either. Sometimes I have to repeat myself two or three times before being recognized.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Buyer beware. Out of 3 only 1 speaker works all new. Very dissatisfied.	1	November 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I dont know why the lights are disconnected when i get home from school. Always say that unavailable.I have to reconnect it everyday and even it is hard to reconnect with Alexa dot. If you want to reconnect with sengled lights and dot, you have to  try the lights on and off several times. It is annoying. If you have luck, you can reconnect it.I tried on off the alexa dot and apps and lights.Maybe i tried more than 10 times for reconnecting.After reconnecting it, disconnect again tomorrow when I am back from school.	2	July 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I recently purchased this echo dot to upgrade my 3rd gen and I am not too I crazy about it. The sound quality is terrible compared to my generation 3. But I do like the design it looks better in my opinion.	3	April 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Echo 4 not much better than 3. Sound quality may not even be as good and appears less sturdy	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	got this for Christmas i was so excited as i never owned one before!!but i have to tell you it doesn’t know a lot of answers to my questions. so a big disappointment to me. i mainly use it to play music now. the sound quality is good.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Streaming service shuffle is a giant ripoff - even though I pay monthly!	1	November 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Whoever is responsible for the Podcasts implementation for Alexa should be ashamed of their work. None of the apps (Amazon's native one or otherwise) work properly, and all are confusing to use. Apple's podcast app will only play the most recent episode, most don't support fast forward or reverse, or even moving to the next episode. The voice commands are only effective some of the time, and you need to invoke the name of the program you want to use for the Podcasts inconsistently. Given how well the music integration works with the different programs I've tested, I have to assume this is just plain incompetence or anti-competitive behavior, since the most popular and well-featured apps are not related to Amazon at all.	2	January 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Works Sometimes	2	June 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have three echo dots they will not work independt of each other worked fine when I first purchased.?	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	MehWhy is this contraption helpful?Was hoping to use the drop in function to shout out to oversleeping kids to wake up and let the dog out but in a nutshell the app sucks	3	May 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Todavia le falta reconocer ciertas expresiones y poder interactuar con más aplicaciones de música	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I'll be honest, I don't love these things. I will make concessions for maybe my internet isn't the best although it should be plenty at 400 mbps. They constantly lose connection, they will static out while playing music and quit, I've never gotten the everything group to actually play, sometimes they will work the connected lights and sometimes they won't. I think if they worked right I would love them. But sometimes they miss simple stuff I ask, like reminding me to do something. I don't know, maybe it's my house, but I wouldn't spend the money again.	2	July 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"**UPDATE** 2/20/21No longer connects to Apple Music. I’m not the only one with the issue. Check the Apple Music “skill” reviews. Amazon must be desperate for Music customers.This was a major downgrade and step in the wrong direction for the Echo Dot. We have 2, 3rd generation dots and one Echo Plus. I recommend finding an old 3rd generation or waiting for another update.The 3rd gen and Plus always hear ""Alexa"" on the first try at a normal speaking voice. This 4th gen requires we're either standing right next to it or shouting across the room. It's very frustrating.I'm no audiophile, but the sound quality is noticeably worse on this latest generation."	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Every thing seemed fine until each unit (I have three) starts playing random music in the middle of the night waking us up to crap I'll never listen to.  Very very frustrating and tech support hasn't figured anything out.  They are fixing to be returned.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Overall a great product, but some of the lights I have integrated keep disconnecting once a week or so.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	No different than smaller, cheaper model. I was hoping to have better sound quality but did not.	3	July 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I replaced a generation 3 Echo Dot with this gen 4 unit.  The overall sound quality is much better with the new speaker placement in the Gen 4, however the microphone pickup on the 4 is quite poor in comparison to the 3.  I have the device in the same exact location in the room and have to raise my voice for it to pickup my request, sometimes repeating the wake word three times before it activates. I've rebooted the unit multiple times with the same result.  I own multiple Echo products which do not have this issue..	2	July 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	However the voice recognition needs some tweaking! It is by far a better speaker which I greatly enjoy but it does not always respond to my voice and often gets the response wrong. My hope is it will either learn or an upgrade will be pushed out for it!	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Very difficult to reset up if you unplug it.  Bit tedious.  But the sound and commands are awesome.  Just don't unug or turn off Bluetooth it's hard to get back up and running.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This device is completely overshadowed by the 3rd gen. That version is superior in every way. The audio quality is the biggest issue I have with this. Amazon products usually are way better than Google because of the bass. This item has no bass at all, it's very disappointing.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I expected better sound from the newest generation of the Echo. It isn’t as good as the 3rd generation version.  If I had paid full price, I probably would have returned it.  Also, I find you have to use a louder voice to activate it, compared to the puck versions.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Was so excited to receive this new dot as a speaker upgrade to a really old version, but what a huge disappointment!! Maybe we received a defective unit? The sound quality was absolutely horrible!! No amount of adjusting the equalizer could get it to sound decent. It was just tinny and completely lacking in bass, sounding “thin” and hollow. My cell phone produces better quality sound. We promptly returned this version and opted for the older model dot, which we jokingly call a hockey puck ;) But the sound is sooooo much better. I’m wfh and listen daily, so poor sound quality is a deal breaker. I hope it’s an isolated instance, I’d hate to think the new version dots all sound like cheap trash!	2	December 8, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"Got this and it worked for about a month before it wouldn't work again no change to environment sat in the same spot not dropped or anything tried talking to customer service who said they would send me labels to get it sent to be repaired. Month later still no labels I just tried calling again they said they have no record of this conversation I had with them and that I had to troubleshoot again so they ""can be able to send labels to have it repaired"" literally a joke at this point......loved it up till this"	1	April 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Cound not get the dot to register and pair withmy Samsung Tablet.  Returned unit to store for refund	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Doesn’t respond as well and as chill as the original.Doesn’t sound is clear.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The sound quality is okay.  Low volume is fine, but as you turn it up the sound quality fades rapidlyVoice command is okay and honestly part of the issue could well be the manner in which I give it ""commands"""	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have to raise by voice to get a response. Did not have that problem with previous versions.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I received this DOT as a Christmas gift and couldn't believe how awful it sounds, there is no base to speak of. Unbelievable that Amazon would even allow something this bad to come off the production line.  What were you thinking?  I have one of the older puck speakers and it sound much, much better than this one.  My other gripe about this speaker is the cord - The speaker is black and the cord is white; Really?  Come on Amazon, you can and should do better.  As a past purchaser of other Echos and DOTs I expected to have at least the same quality or better of product.  Very disappointed.  I am going to check into exchanging.	2	December 29, 2020	0
Echo Dot	If you dont want to keep repeating the same thing then consider something else.	3	July 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It doesn't seem to be better than the older one and I can't tell any difference in the sound.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	cannot pair it with anything	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes it stop playing music. Other than that it’s cool	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound is horrible, very tinny sounding and lack of any bass. Would recommend if you just wanted it for use for light controls  maybe a weather report. If you want this to add music the ability to listen to music, would go with another product.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Ok. So the hardware is OK and seems to work. However, the Alexa software and app are HORRIBLE and good luck figuring the scheduling out or anything else. I am slowly moving over to another platform. Good luck	2	January 27, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Between 2 homes I have over 15 echo devices, they all came with a nice black power cord and power supply.  I purchased a black echo dot and they included this ugly white power supply and a cord that is shorter than the cords from the past.  Please go back to black.	3	November 15, 2020	1
Echo Dot	it works, what was expected	3	September 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like that it's louder and has a new design but it has a hard time interpretating what I'm saying sometimes.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This product arrived with a power cord that included a female connector that was visibly too small. As a result, this customer could not power the Echo Dot up. Worse, when I ordered a replacement power cord, despite clearly indicating that it would fit 3rd and 4th generation Echo Dot systems, it did not! Amazon Customer Service needs a chat function or a human with whom to speak on the telephone, in such cases.	1	June 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It says it communicates with my fire tv in the room it is in but doesn't actually work. I have 2 echo dots that say they are connected but don't actually perform the command given to the connected fire tv sticks.  Works fine in master bedroom.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not happy with dot as it does not work for us the way it was advertised for the TV system we bought.  We rarely use it unless we are thinking about it because it’s very intermittent and we often have to use TV remote microphone to get what we want	2	December 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It’s underwhelming. Too hard to set up and it frequently disconnects. Got this for my self and my parents for a gift. Both of ours are just collecting dust	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Works fine, looks better, but sound quality is bad. I had it replaced as it sounded like something was wrong, but the 3rd generation sounds a lot better. There is a premium version of this, but it is poorly marketed. Price jumps up a bit too for the premium one.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Frankly I have to say that it's worst then the 3rd generation I gave my 3rd generation to my daughter for Christmas I thought 4 generation Would be might be better the bugs might be fixed but it's actually worse I'm greatly just appointed Thinking about returning	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"Device works as expected after a very difficult setup from iPad. Software recognition was to say the least ""was difficult and flawed"". Network setup was a ""no go"" even after a very extended support session. After numerous attempts and resets, there was finally a successful install/setup."	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This Echo dot has changed my life and made it easier. It helps me with so much stuff but to be honest I got this Echo dot for my Govee LED lights but it’s too complicated I can’t connect my lights and there’s just to many steps.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Really disappointed in the sound quality. The 3rd gen sounded fantastic, but this sounds almost the same as the gen2, like a phone speaker up too loud. It's very high pitched and the equalizer settings didn't help at all. The responses are quicker, but man... what a step backwards for audio.	3	November 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This thing works for a couple hours after being unplugged and plugged in again, but then it spins blue lights and responds to nothing. I've rebooted, reset and tried many different things suggested in Internet research. Seems to be a persistent and common bug. Frustrating.	2	December 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This little spy was set on my bedside table.  He would play concert 🎶 music in the middle of the night or strike up a conversation similarly and inappropriately.I value my sleep more than this mystery toy.I sent it back !	1	September 2, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The audio quality and volume could use improvement. This speaker does not get very loud. There is also a delay between what you select on your phone and the speaker, not sure if this is the product or my internet.	3	April 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Not sure why but the old small echo dot in the same exact location had no problem picking up our ""alexa"".  This new one misses it about 50% of the time.  Going back to the old one..."	3	April 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"A larger ball shape device should have improved ""sound quality,"" however, I cannot hear a difference. The ""mic"" on my device requires me to repeat numerous requests, unlike my other/older Echo devices.  Maybe, one has to stand directly in front  of Echo 4-gen to be heard."	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	We had one of the early generations that was a tall cylinder and we have several echo dots we have used for years.This new one seems to miss the wake word much more frequently than any of the others.	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Purchased this product November 17th 2020 and now it is broken November 15th 2021. Completed all online troubleshooting procedures and sat on the line with customer service for an hour.....they just don't make things like they used to anymore. FYI, I have had two echo dot 2nd generation devices for over 4 years, not a single problem	2	November 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	We bought 2 of these echoes and they both worked great when we 1st got them. But about 4 months laterYou have to scream at them for for it to hear you. I'll ask it to turn the lights off several several times when it finally answers me it says OK and then Doesn't shut the lights off. Let's hope the next generation of echoes works better	2	October 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Defective	2	June 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The only complaint is that the sound quality is notably worse with the 4th gen. My 3rd gen sounds 5x better. New generations of devices are supposed to improve right? I guess now you have to buy the $100 “premium” 4th gen echo dot with “premium sound”.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa plays too many commercials.  She won't play specific songs without a subscription.  Spotify integrates and won't play the expensive royalty songs on my favorite list.  Spotify wont play my other lists on Alexa.  She's more annoying than helpful.	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	These work okay but I purchased two of them and both of them the guard lights get stuck on. You have to hard reset them at least once a week to make the guard lights stop. Very annoying.	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I gave a middle of the road rating because there is nothing negative or positive to say about it. It is virtually un-distinguishable from my gen-3 dots. I liked them and they are useful. The gen-4 is a different shape. And that's all the excitement I can muster.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"stupid a$$ thing just randomly plays music in the middle of the night. stops listening after 2 words and starts to answer ya about the words or says I don't know about that. waste of money***UPDATE***now when ya say ""Alexa turn off timer"" it shuts off the tv. ""Alexa play my playlist. Here's something I found on the web. the term playlist was first used... Alexa... in 1264... Alexa... by the Roman... ALEXA ALEXA ALEXA shut up... ok"" then turns off tv. I have a Google home never had one issue."	2	August 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was disappointed when I heard the way this sounds. The old one sounds so much better. I went to settings and adjusted the equalizer without much satisfaction. I bought a boom bowl which helped a little. No other complaints but that one is pretty important.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Good:- Style - It seems to fit a nicer esthetic- Buttons are clearly labeledBad:- Sound - I cannot begin to express my disappointment with the sound on this device. It is very tinny and not nearly as full and clear as the 3rd gen dots.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Before buying this consider the Echo Dot 3rd gen, because it has a much better sound, even a deeper bass sound. Disappointed with the quality downgrade of this Echo Dot. It sounds like a cheap speaker which you buy for $5	3	March 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So frustrating. This device worked fine for maybe three months at most. Then it started losing connection with the internet. It would start to talk and then just cut out. Or not even respond at all. I researched the issue and did all the things suggested. It  would work for a week or two and then back to the same thing. No other device in our house has issues connecting to the internet so I know it’s not an internet issue.  I’m tired of resetting my router and modem constantly just to get this thing to connect. Into the trash it goes.	2	June 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Previously I wrote a review about my problems with my Echo dot. They wete wonderful to call me and giving me great tips. However I still couldn't get it to do what I has set up to do.Now a week later it's even worse. It does not respond to me most of the times.Had ordered two casa plugs and a light bulb.That doesn't work either.I hope nice Echo dot people call me again.Not happy.I hope the problem is woth me not figuring it out. But, the apps ate not exactly user friendly.	2	July 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The Echo Dot 4th generation is a fine Alexa response system. However, if you want a speaker that even has a little bit of base or decent volume, this is not the one for you. It is pretty basic and you get what you pay for if you ask me.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Don’t like that this speaker has to be plugged in to use.	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's slightly better than the 3rd gen dot, but not THAT MUCH better.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not what I expected.  My fault, I should have realized you have to have something that the Alexa app runs on connected by Bluetooth to this.  It is basically only a speaker and I didn't want just a speaker.	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’ve had many Echo and Fire products through the years. I purchased the 4th gen Dot on a promotion. I’ve never had problems before, but this garbage died in 4.5 months. Never again!! Replaced my Fire TV’s with Roku and Apple. Looks like I’ll be replacing Alexa as the older Echos die out. Not wasting money on junk!!!	2	November 10, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was expecting better sound quality than the third generation. Lining the two up with each other, the 3rd generation dot has much better sound quality, especially with base. Additionally, my BLACK dot came with a WHITE plug and cord. The mismatch looks tacky in my living room. I’m pretty disappointed.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s nice to have speakers synced up in many rooms but.... You can’t play Bluetooth through all of the speakers at once only Amazon music. They sound very tiny no bass at all. They were inexpensive so I guess you get what you pay for	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	El volumen es muy bajo y la calidad es bastante deficiente.  Tampoco me gusta que no se pueda poner una rutina con una playlist en forma aleatoria.  Lo utilizo uno para mi y otro para mi madre de 93 años, ella escucha musica.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s fine	3	September 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Control a couple things in the house two lights and thermostat. She has trouble with the lights? Says not responding check power. I say command again starts out saying not responding then it comes on?And one plug control to light is four feet away?	3	January 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	What should've been fun--and it was for a couple of days--turned into a constant battle to get it working.  It would recognize my voice, but then shut off--over and over again.  One day, a yellow light under it came on and glowed for two days straight--I finally asked it what it was doing and Alexa said she didn't know what she was doing or why.  I unplugged it for two days only to have it start glowing yellow again and not responding to me.  So I threw it away.  A total waste of time and money.	2	June 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I probably should reset it and try again but this thing is crap for voice recognition. It’s a great speaker. Currently I think it’s in a drawer somewhere. I’ll find it eventually and either donate it or use it as a speaker for music	1	September 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"What is the deal with the Mic? I have to yell ""echo"" to get it to activate , it's a little frustrating"	3	June 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"This AI has no concept of language. You say one word and it takes it as another. This machine is awful. Example: we play Jeopardy...it says ""would you prefer sports or another topic""...we say ""another topic""...it says either the same response or it says something about Sports. What a garbage machine."	1	August 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have been through 2 dots, an Echo Show and now this new gen dot which is a piece of $*!Continually goes off line and won't reconnect or set up. Only had it since July-WTG Amazon Prime Day-total waste of money!	1	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound quality pales in comparison to the previous generation (3). The voice recognition is better. More sensitive. The sound quality simply doesn’t make it worth purchasing. I wish I would’ve returned it and found another third generation. This one sounds and feels very flimsy.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have another but this one was nothing but trouble. Wouldn’t stay connected to wifi.	1	October 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It’s great except I have to unplug it ALL the time because the guard light won’t go off. Please just stop the spinning light. I hate it.	3	June 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes it stops playing music after a few songs; sometimes it will go all day without interruption. It’s unpredictable, which is quite frustrating. I’ve called Amazon twice about this and related problems, and all they give me is ways to re-start it, not a way to prevent the problem. I don’t know if it’s the device itself or the Alexa thingy causing the issues. Like most technology, it’s great when it works correctly, but a pita when it doesn’t. Others may have better experiences. Overall I like this toy, just wish it was more reliable.	2	July 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought this echo dot on sale from Amazon and it worked ok for awhile.  As soon as the warranty was up this dot just kept dropping my internet connection and I had to unplug it and plug it back in.  I have an old echo dot in my iving room and bought this one for my den.  Came with a color light bulb which never worked right asked Alexa to switch on the light and it would but when I wanted it to change color Alexa would just respond with Light not connected, ask it to switch the light off and it would.  I finally got fed up of unplugging and plugging this thing in and brought my old echo dot into my den. What a waste of money.	1	January 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Great little device speaker needs upgrades	3	August 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	In 6 months, this device has stopped listening to anything beyond its name. I have tried resetting it, changing its name, changing the sensitivities. All it does is hear its name and then acts like you don’t say anything else. I have even tried moving it to different places in case the sound waves are bouncing wrong or something weird. And unfortunately, Amazon does not make customer service numbers easy. Can’t contact customer service without finding the product and it won’t bring the item up in the search so maybe it’s just something wrong with Amazon itself.	1	April 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I bought the new Dot because the 3rd generation wasn't in stock. I like the design of the new Dot...but I don't feel that the sound quality is up to the standard of the 3rd generation. It seems ""tinny"".  I would suggest picking up a 3rd generation."	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Was not aware my LG 2014 TV is not compatible with Echo 4thgeneratiom, hence am not able to complete link!	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have Alexa echo dot something but this version  never listed I don’t like it	3	July 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It worked for about 2 weeks, then one day stopped responding. I did all of the normal things: moved it to  a different outlet, reset it… eventually, customer service replaced it.I took the replacement out of the box and immediately plugged it in. Guess what?! DOA. I am now awaiting the replacement for my replacement.	1	August 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Do not waste your money, it worked for 6 months and stopped, and its warranty is only 3 months! And the customer service is horrible!I should start saying that I have others echo devices (older generation) that I love and works super well, last xmas I even bought one for my grandma who lives in another country so I could talk through it!I wanted a new one for my home, and decided to go with a  newer generation, thinking it would be better! Total illusion! The sound isn’t as good, but didn’t bother me that much.It worked for about 6 months and started to act! The blue light goes on and doesn’t go off, it doesn’t respond any command. And the customer service is horrible!! I called and chatted with them several times and the only thing they suggest is to restart it or unplug and plug it back on! Super frustrating and disappointing! Money lost!	1	October 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Dislike having to reset my lights if the system stop recognizing them.	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The rubber base will ruin your wood furniture. Place on a coaster	2	May 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I love having Alexa's all around my house, but this next generation doesn't seem to hold up, sound-wise, against previous generations. Perhaps it is because the space is much more open than the others, but still fairly disappointed in the sound quality.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have the Studio and it is awesome. I decided to try a dot for my bedroom. It fails to hear my requests and I am laying 2 feet from it. My studio I can be 10 feet from it facing the other direction and it hears me. I knew the sound would be no match, I just wanted the dot for podcasts and such, it does ok but for music, it is not good at all. The real complaint is it does not hear me, and when it does the blue ring just glows with no response. I am sending the dot back	2	May 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	When compared to the echo dot 3, the sound is extremely disappointing. I have grown up in recording studios, so I feel like I know what I am talking about. The bass frequency is non-existent, as well as the treble frequency. This speaker only puts out midrange frequencies. The 3rd generation is not stereo and never claimed to be, but the overall sound is more balanced and pleasing to the ears. Do not upgrade if you are looking to improve the sound of your echo devices. Stick with the 3rd and enjoy good old fashioned warm mono sound just like a quality old fashioned tube powered radio from the 50's, which I own a couple of.	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Added this Dot to my home with two other 3rd generations. Voice recognition is spotty. Sound is tinny, not anywhere near the quality of the older generations. Pretty disappointing really. Wanted another 3rd generation, but on backorder for so long, decided to chance it despite other similar reviews.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Voice Recognition lacks compared to previous models. I find myself repeating many of the things I say. I have been using Alexa voice assistants for many years now and have not had as many problems as I have had with this one hearing me.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Good design. Sound is decent for small room. Works like most dots.	3	July 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This was one of my pointless upgrades because if you own the older model, there's really no need to buy another one.  I thought that the sound would be different or louder but it was the same.  Felt like I just gave away $30 smh.	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Dot	it started out great but started going south after we moved, will not stay connected to WIFIfor more then 10 minutes then it sits for not minutes, not hours, but days searching for internet connection, it is a sad way to waste time and money!	1	August 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like the product itself. What I don’t like is that you can only use one echo dot at a time. I already have Amazon prime and don’t want to pay an additional fee for unlimited music. I think it’s overpriced for both services	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa doesn't hear me most times with this new one, I like my old one better	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The previous version was the better in sound quality.	3	August 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Honestly I don't feel that this one hardly listens I have to practically yell at it to make it do anything. My third gen works far better	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Necesita mas microfonos y algunas opciones no son disponibles fuera de USA., calidad del sonido no es buena asi que seria mejor gastar un poco mas y recibir algo mejor.	3	May 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sounds is only okay. My bedroom is connected to my living room, and even with the door open and the Alexa right next to the door, it can't be heard in the living room.	3	May 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Disappointed in Rock Music sound quality . Adjusted the Alexa equalizer, which resulted in a slight improvement.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like that it can do all types of tasks but as a speaker its not very loud and definitely doesn't pack a punch. I use it in the bathroom for music and certain tasks and skills!	3	April 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Volume , tone ,  music, notifications  don’t be proud of it	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When I ask Alexa to shuffle the list of songs, it does not play thru the entire list at least once. I hear some songs more than once and many other songs are never played.	3	May 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like how it looks it looks really good. But as far as listening to when you give commands I find that you have to constantly repeat for it to hear you whereas with the previous Echo Dot I didn’t have to do that.	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wanted an additional Alexa for my living room. I am disappointed as the sound quality on this one is not as good as my other two. I also can barely hear when alarms or notifications go off, and yes I raised the volume.	3	January 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sounds much better than the 2nd gen echo. But, voice recognition doesn’t seem as good, while it struggles to hold on to a Bluetooth speaker sitting 6” away (that my iPhone clearly recognizes).	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	If you live in an apartment building or dorm stay away from this it doesn’t work there. You’ll just waste money. Completely useless and completely disappointed in Amazon.	1	September 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Like everywhere that has an echo dot, I have always been confident that amazon has excelled in providing better versions of the echo dot as time goes on. With this 4th generation echo dot I was hoping the same; unfortunately this version is a step back from the 3rd gen echo dot.First, it's microphone is not close to as good; you have to speak louder than usual to get the attention of alexa on this device. Often you will have to repeat yourself because it will not hear you; I find this the worst part of the device. The 3rd gen echo dot is much more responsive and registers ""alexa"" much easier which leads me to believe the microphone on this device is not good.Second, it's sound quality does not have the same base as the 3rd generation; this is not easily distinguishable from the previous generation but is noticeable the more you use it. It is higher pitched with a lower base, whereas the 3rd generation's sound is just right.Overall this is a downgrade, stick with the 3rd generation as it is better than this version."	1	February 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have many different earlier generations of the echo dot. This one doesn't seem as powerful as the previous models.	3	June 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I dislike the  CD the dot tends to have issues connecting	3	July 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Cannot disable sound of “now connected to”, very annoying.	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This one is better then my last generation in that it stays connected to the internet	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is overall a massive step down from the gen 3. The sound is tinnier, there’s barely any bass, and the voice recognition is awful. I find myself constantly having to repeat commands, doubly so when trying to turn off reminders or timers. There isn’t a single circumstance where I could find myself recommending this over the prior generation.Update: After having this for a few months, it’s still a huge let down. An Amazon rep called me after the initial review with suggestions: mess with the equalizer, reset the device, etc. None of that worked. It’s still worse in every possible way from the gen 3 echo dot. DO NOT BUY THIS unless you want to repeat “Alexa, stop” at least 2-3 times to shut off every other timer. Wait for a gen 5 or get the cheaper (and way better) gen 3.Second update: I’ve had this disconnected for a couple months now. We took an Echo Dot gen 3 from a different spot in our house and have been using it with significantly less issues. Still recommend that no one buy this 4th gen version.	1	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was anticipating a better sound than the old flat echoes but this sounds worse. Disappointed	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa always didn’t understand.  I couldn’t get what I wanted from Alexa and still can’t when I log into Alexa account;  even when I log into my Alexa account.  I’m going to delete my Alexa account because I don’t have the echo dit and the Wi-Fi router anymore.	1	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Very disappointed. Purchased as a gift for Christmas and the person just set it up and it has terrible quality. Everything sounds muffled. Missed return window and now stuck with product	2	February 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I dislike the Alexa, I have just unplugged it.	3	August 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's ok, but not what I was wanting	3	August 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have two now and still have trouble with the voice responding . When it works it works great . Really frustrating when it dose not. I've tried all the fixes so far no improvement . Had both set up 3 weeks now.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love my echo dots and I decided to upgrade to the newer version that said it provided better sound quality. I was disappointed when I realized the sound quality was not even as good as my older version.	3	March 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have to yell at this one for it to recognize I’m speaking to it.  I much prefer my older dot.  I like the new look of this one but it doesn’t work anywhere near as well as my old one.	3	January 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I seems that this one is more of a ""new look"" with slightly lower end features?  The size is a bit odd -- not sure why a large ball makes more sense than the smaller ""puck"" -- the puck at least was not very noticeable and fit in a lot of places.  As for the audio, its ok for voice however for music is pretty weak -- not much warmth and limited range on the speakers makes it feel a lot less usable than any of the previous versions especially considering the price.  Added to this is the fact that the device STILL uses a proprietary power adapter (USB-C please!) and it just doesn't seem worth it."	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Dot	It’s great for basic information but I have not incorporated the advanced integration features.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Very sad , like the other 2 Alexa’s this new one you can’t ask her to play a song ? Bought it for the toy room for the grandkids, big disappointment, now paying 4 dollars a month . Oh well	1	September 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have 3 echo 3rd generations in the house. I love them, the sound quality is amazing and we play music all day. I decided to jump on the deal for the new 4th generation echo. I was so excited when I unboxed it and plugged it in.What a disappointment! The sound sounded like a cheap 5 dollar speaker from 5 below. I called amazon and they sent a replacement out saying the speaker might be damaged. Great.I just received the new speaker and the sound is the same, awful. Alexa doesn’t respond and I’m constantly repeating myself. Huge disappointment. Save yourself 10 Bucks and just by the third generation. They are amazing, they 4th generation is awful.	2	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Dot	it is not cordless/rechargeable  it is slaved to a plug in  i already had one of those	3	June 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This has all of the great functions of an Alexa speaker. But I am disappointed in the audio quality.	2	March 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I’m wary of being a dystopian type, but this experience with echo is bringing me around to that outlook.I bought echo just to have the ability to control the lights in my apartment. I was also keen on getting updates on the weather and the time. But I did not expect that when I would ask a question about the weather or the time I would be fed marketing fodder such as would you like to buy such and such, Or there’s a gift for that or something or the other.I even set the settings to brief mode and I still get recommendations of things to buy on Amazon. This is so dark mirror (the tv series).I’m now envisioning a future where there is no option to not have a smart plug or light so we always have to control it with an app or device that constantly feeds us marketing recommendations. Very scary dystopian future…..	1	September 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition on this unit is not the best, the previous version did better then this one.The only plus about the 4 gen, is the sound quality is a little better and it gets a little louder then previous versions.	3	February 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Every time you request a song from Alexa, she tries to upswell you to there unlimited plan.  It is annoying feature that you cannot turn off.  I guess Amazon is not making enough money off of Prime and needs to put you into another expensive subscription plan.	1	August 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I'm so disappointed the sound quality is trash. The bass for my other eco dot is amazing and this sounds like a standard card radio. I guess when it got lost in the mail that should have been a sign.	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got this to replace my last gen that i thought was a little too quiet. To find out that this one is quieter. and has less bass but it works well with pickup and responding. Just not very loud	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the smaller Alexa’s. I was hoping the sound quality would be better, but it seems higher quality on the previous Alexa I had. Also, the plug in is larger. I like the smaller plug from the previous one.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Personal preference maybe, compared to the original Alexa DOT's, I find the sound is not as good.  Kept it, but use it outside on the patio only.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Works well, but I like the sound of the 3rd Generation Dots better.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My 1st Alexa Amazon killedI had to get the dot. Sound is terrible compared to 1stIt's very disappointing I'm upset that it not loud. I can not hear in the house. Playing music doesn't play all the house like my old Alexa.Now I'm stuck with a bummerBaby. The dot ugh	1	August 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Good sound quality when listening to music.But when Alexa speaks... Her volume is way too low.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Funciona bien, pero es un dispositivo auxiliar no es el principal, yo cometí error al seleccionarlo, suena bien pero un poco bajo el sonido.Solo cuándo llegó me di cuenta de la diferencia de los 2 dispositivos, se ven igual en diseño.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s nice to have, but the premium body set high expectations for the speaker, it’s nothing special.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	music sound quality is okay, but costs go up for more than one device with unlimited music	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Wish I could just hit a button to stop the alarm instead of unpluggling or telling her to turn alarm off. Have to worry about waking my wife during the week when she gets up 2 hours after I do.	3	March 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	So, the new Dot has better sound, and that is great. However, my black echo dot came with a white cord. This is very frustrating. It looks terrible. Part of the point of the new dot is it's sleek new look, and the white cord just ruins it.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"i have a few echo's the little pukes or dots. this one just stopped working. I tried more than a few times to reset it. hold the button down for 15 to 60 sec. no orange lights. the red one pops up but I can't seem to find why this is happening. it says I can have it replaced, but I tried this and the website just keeps going in circles. Say I can have it replaced, but then sends me to the returns, but it's not available to return, but ""it may be replaced"" then back around the circle we go.so while it may be a good product amazon hasn't tested the site to try and replace a product that can no longer be returned. even though it say it can be replaced."	1	January 6, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"Did work well for the first 9 months I had this, but now after 9 months the Echo Dot started bricking and giving me the ""Blue Ring Of Death"" continuously. Tried resetting 20+ times now which restores the Echo Dot back to defaults and working state but a few days after reset it is bricked again. I can't actually believe a product like this only lasts for less than a year. I guess it consists of bad quality components. I have been in contact with Amazon Support and they sent me through the reset procedure again with no success, the item still bricks! I don't really feel like I wanna waste more time on resetting the Echo Dot again since the result obviously will be the same again: ""Blue Ring Of Death"".  Waste of money if you need it for more than a year I would say."	1	December 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Clarity of voice is not nearly as good as my google mini	3	July 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It adjust the volume on its own and often begins speaking without being prompted	2	April 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don’t have a smart home or much of anything that alexa can connect too. All I have is a shark but even then I just use the shark app. But it’s cool to ask her questions and stuff.	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Guard feature doesn't work. I've already returned one because of this and the replacement still doesn't work. Customer support promised to call me back in 3 days but nothing after 1 week. Voice recognition is poor also.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Device ran fine when purchased in June of 2021.  Then after a few software updates from Amazon, the device stopped responding to requests.  When connected to either of my 2.4 Ghz or 5 Ghz wireless networks, the Echo just doesn't respond.  If I ask it a question, the blue ring lights up and then disappears.  Or sometimes, the blue light turns on and stays on.  The Amazon Alexa app on my phone shows the device as being offline, yet I can successfully ping it from my home network.That leads me to believe it is a software issue.  Resetting the device or power cycling it seems to work, but within an hour or 3, the device goes rogue again and doesn't respond.	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like how easy it is to install and to group with my other Echo Dots. But the sound on my other echo dot sounds much better then this one.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Was attempting to replace my 1st gen echo in our kitchen as the volume wheel is erratic and alway goes to max vol when you touch it.  We use it to listen to music and control all of our lighting in the home. After installing this new Dot, I found that the footprint is ""fatter"" than the first gen product so it took up a little more space on the counter, but worse than this was the sound quality.  It's terrible by comparison (hollow and tinny). My wife made me remove it and put the old product back. She said she would rather have no music than listen to a speaker with bad sound quality."	2	January 11, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Great gadget but damaged the coffee table it sat on. It removed the finish where it sat.	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Everything is fine as in the audio quality with music and her responding to commands. My only problem and frustration is that sometimes it’ll stop and freeze as it’s talking or playing music and that happens frequently.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	They must be sending refurbished ones out, I've had to replace 2 of them within 2 weeks . They didn't last long.	1	October 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don't mind the audio issues others have reviewed, but the WHITE power cord is hideous.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have to repeat myself sometimes for it to respond. The sound quality is ok nothing special.	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really dislike the fact that Alexa does not hear me well. I made sure that nothing is too close to it but nothing. The 3rd generation was way better in that aspect	3	May 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This 4th Gen was fine for 4 months then over the past few weeks keeps freezing after re-setting and going through all the time consuming trouble shooting tips and re-sets. Amazon customer services is also a big waste of time on this as they make you go through all the steps you've already done yourself only to tell you too bad, it's out of warranty  and they can't help. All my 3rd Gen (4 of them) devices still work great on the same network and are even further away from my router. This one was just a dud and Amazon refuses to do anything about it after its 90 day warranty. No wonder the warranty window is so narrow based on the shoddy quality I've experienced. I would skip this 4th gen. They did offer a 15% discount if I wanted to buys a new Echo Dot but I really don't want to spend more $ to fix a problem Amazon should be on top of after wasting all of this time on it already.	1	April 30, 2021	0
Echo Dot	While this new Alexa can pick up my voice and commands very easily, she isn’t as loud as the 3rd generation when it comes to music and she sounds like she is talking down a very long hallway - She sounds super distant even being beside her.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I love my older echo dot and when I saw this newer version on sale, decided to buy this one. Major difference and not in a good way. The sound is very thin and is awful.Returning and will just buy another 3rd gen	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"I purchased it to get voice integration with Verizon FiOS TV. The previous generation recognized my video service and changed channels. When I hooked this unit up, it gives me an error for the same command.Additionally, it doesn't compare well to Google when you ask it for common information. For instance, I live in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania. But when I ask for the weather in 'Newtown Square'. It always defaults to Newtown Square, Maryland. Frankly I didn't know there was a Newtown Square, Maryland, but I do now though. It fails miserably on general information compared to Google. The artificial intelligence response from the unit is  ""Google is a search engine""."	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Barely use it. Most music stations it picks are terrible.	2	May 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have been using Alexa for sometime now. I like it, hence I wanted to be the early bird to get the 4th gen dot. I seems all good as I would expect, except the power cable which is white!! It looks so ugly with my charcoal dot.	3	November 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Purchased for Christmas primarily for music. Very disappointed that Amazon Music requires an additional fee to Amazon Unlimited. When will Amazon ever quit being greedy for ordinary folks that live on a budget. Not happy with music options at this time!	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have purchased over 5 echos from the show  to the dot. This dot was for my primary bedroom. It hasn’t worked well. It drops wi-fi often, not reliable at all.	2	January 31, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have both the 3rd Gen and 4th Gen.  The 3rd gen is much better.  I find myself repeating commands with this new one.  It doesn't wake up as easy as the 3rd gen.  I wouldn't buy it again.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is top notch, however, the sound quality when playing music is garbage compared to the echo show, practically no bass when up all the way in the alexa app. Sounds like an old school radio in a mechanic shop.	3	February 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I enjoyed it while it lasted but it quit working 3 months after the warranty expired	2	April 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Listen to the reviews. After reading a bunch, I bought the dot 3 and dot 4 together, planning on keeping the better sounding of the two and returning the other. I was sorely disappointed to return the dot 4. Side by side comparison when playing music, the dot 4 doesn’t hold a candle to the dot 3. Sound quality is a million times better than the dot 4. The only thing the dot 4 has going for it is it’s aesthetically pleasing. I seriously hope Amazon takes these reviews into account when creating a dot 5 and fixed the horrid sound quality.	2	May 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	If you are looking for good sound.... DO NOT GET THIS ECHO. My echo 2 has amazing sound compared to this echo 3. It sounds vintage. Otherwise it's just like the echo 2. Save some cash get the echo 2 and get better sound.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"It was fine for a few months, then started freezing up and not responding. If you un-plug it and then plug it back in it may work for another day. Sometimes it takes 30+ seconds before it answers a command or turns a light on/off and you aren't sure if it's frozen again or not. The old 3rd Gen was a trooper!  Amazon says it ""may be eligible for replacement"" since it is less than a year old, but when you try to submit a request it just sends you back to square one."	1	April 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The speaker sounds terrible. Earlier models weren’t superb but this is a significant downgrade. There is basically no bass response or warmth at low volumes. It sounds like all music has the telephone effect on it. Doesn’t seem like an upgrade at all. Incredibly tinny.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This device would randomly static and go on the fritz until it stopped working all together. I’ve had other Alexa’s that are older and without issue. This one must be defective.	1	September 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Bought two, sending one back. I prefer the Echo (2nd Gen) It has better sound.	3	July 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	First dot I’ve purchased but sound quality is not what expected. Then later found out there is a premium dot with better speakers for $100. Guess it’s okay for a Black Friday deal. Sounds the same as the in-laws dot that looks like a hockey puck.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It was not clear when purchased  it did not run on a battery. Disappointed	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 UPDATE:my echo dot was hacked into and after contacting amazon they still don’t have any clue how or an answer or anything. is it worth my life and my privacy and my safety for a few speakers and devices that tell me what time it is and a few other things. no it’s not. after my echo dot was hacked into and a man from somewhere talking to my echo after looking in my privacy settings it’s not worth it anymore. I’m waiting from a response of an investigation of the problem but as of right now i will not be using the devices and most likely be tossing them in the trash. after spending almost 300+ dollars of echo and amazon products.old review:as always amazon does amazing. i love this echo dot. i have the same one but with the clock in my bedroom. it was easy to set up and i have it in my bathroom to control my LED lights and galaxy light. And it works amazing as a speaker, i love it as always. would recommend to anyone. :)"	1	May 31, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Like sound recognition.	3	September 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like the echo dot better- for the music sounded better. But, while listening to Sick of it All, I blew out the echo dot. I bought this one, and the music doesn’t sound as good.	3	March 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Constantly dropping a network connection even though I have a notebook right next to it that is connected. Decides it wants to pair with other Echo whether they a 4th gen or you even paired them through the app. Yes, I am using the most current version of the app.  I though this would be a great solution to fill a 3 season room. All this does is cause stress and wastes time trying to get it to work	1	May 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My Alexa works fine, but I thought that I would have unlimited music, which was basically the whole reason I bought it. There’s not much else I need it for, and I’d rather not pay $10 a month for the rest of my life :/	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have to repeat myself almost every time I ask something of Alexa.	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I replaced a 3rd gen. Dot with this 4th gen. Dot expecting to get better sound to play music. The new Dot is in the same spot in my living room but only understands me less than a quarter of the time I ask questions. My 3rd gen rarely didn't understand a question. After trying for 2 weeks I pulled the plug and put my old gen 3 back in the living room. Not sure what to do with this new one. Maybe I'll try it in a different room and see if the speakers are better to play music, otherwise I'll get get a Bluetooth connected speaker for my 3rd gen.	2	February 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	She's good for simple things but I don't understand how she works for some things and not others... I don't have hours a day to investigate. So for lists, reminders, alarms, etc. she's good. more than that.. I don't really know.	3	February 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It's not that I didn't like it it's just that I haven't really had time to work it and with that being said I didn't want to give a great review until I did so thank you	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I own to echos from 2generation an just got this one as a gift but I have to talk to loud so it can answer the older ones are more sensitive to voice recognition this one not so much	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Dislike that my light that comes with it works when it wants to work	3	July 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	No entiendo porque en toda la globalización que existe aún tenemos países que no tienen todas las funcionalidades y seguimos a la espera de desarrollos de los creadores... la verdad es que comprar para no tener todas las funcionalidades de los productos es demasiado molesto... eso deberían indicar en las descripciones así no ofrecen algo general... pero tenaz que existan países que no tienen todas las funcionalidades porque me imagino no tienen tiempo... igual y no les interesa ser productos globales y reconocidos por eso... una estrategia que les dejó ahí a los desarrolladores para que lo puedan lograr y animar a la gente a comprar sus productos en cualquier lugar del mundo.	2	January 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Microphone doesn’t pick up as well as the 3rd gen did.	3	July 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The cord could be longer. I am only able to put my Alexa in one spot because the cord is to short to move in the spot I need it in. Overall the system is nice and the sound is good.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 Seal on the box was BROKEN, charger is DIRTY and SMUDGED, Echo has STICKY ADHESIVE on it. Does not look NEW, looks USED. Plus it was already LATE, I AM FURIOUS. I bought a NEW product not a USED one! I ordered this and it was already late, it was going to be a gift but I can’t give a used item as a gift. 🤦🏽‍♀️ I’m just utterly disappointed in the timeframe, service, and product!"	1	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I received this and the replacement.  The replacement works, this one does not.  It says I do not need to return it. I'm assuming it was disabled by Amazon. Should I throw it away ?	1	September 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Well I think generation three speaker is louder. Also I can’t seem to add it to the rest of the echo dots generation three works perfectly but the four is not connecting together and it’s a softer sound	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I recommend you DO NOT BUY version 4! I’ve had previous versions of the Echo Dot that are still working fine, but this one is defective. You may be better off searching for a version 3. Also, Amazon “customer service” is an oxymoron. They DO NOT stand behind this product, and provide false information on their website (misleading at best). Look at the screenshot, it indicates that a replacement may be still available. Amazon, if your product is defective, that seems like a pretty good reason you would offer a replacement! Trying to go through customer service on this was a joke, they kept handing me off to someone new every few minutes, only to start all over again. I guess they figure if you have to repeat the issues you are having to a dozen different people you will eventually give up. I did. Learn from my experience. DO NOT BUY THIS.	1	November 12, 2021	0
Echo Dot	My Dot appears to have a speech impediment, it stutters.	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is poor in my opinion. It’s sounds like listening to music  playing in a tunnel.Edit- I located the bass and treble information on my Alexa app and fixed the sound so I had some bass. Much better.	3	December 21, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this item in June of 2021 and now it doesn't work. I tried troubleshooting as instructed by Amazon customer service and still did not work. I talked to a customer service representative and went through the troubleshooting with her and still didn't work. I was disappointed when her only solution to the problem was to give me a fifty percent credit on a new one. This Echo Dot is not even a year old. Shame on her for suggesting such an offer. I thought better of Amazon and praised their products until now. I am a very disappointed customer	1	March 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It isnt perfect. She doesnt listen accurately 100% of the time and the commands arent instant.	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like My Old Echo Better. This does not have good voice  recognition, sound isn’t great, music doesn’t sound as good. Disappointed because I bought it hoping the speaker was better and it’s not. Voice recognition is poor as well. Darn!	3	January 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The 3rd generation is better than the 4th generation. I have to keep resetting the 4th generation to guard my home. I don’t have that problem with my 3rd generation.	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Horrible product. The echo dot 4th generation actually works worse than the 3rd gen. The speaker quality is sub-par, and the voice recognition is worse than the 3rd gen.On top of that, ours completely stopped working after 1 month after the 1-year warranty. It just flashes a blue light and never responds. We've attempted a hardware re-set and numerous other fixes, but the problem persists. We can get it running again for a few minutes, but after use, it returns back to the flashing blue light of death.This is engineered obsolescence if I ever saw it. A product that dies 1 month after the pathetic 1-year warranty expires.	1	February 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality is terrible, tinny and hollow even with the base all the way up. I don’t know how this is supposed to be an upgrade but my older Echo dot blows this one out of the water. Decent voice recognition but not worth the money.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I hate this thing, I bought 3, they were the biggest waste of money I have spent on amazon.  I get so tired of repeating myself and yelling to get it to work, had them longer than the 30 days to return.  I do not recommend this item too frustrating when you are like Alexa what time is it?  Alexa What Time is it?, ALEXA WHAT TIME IS IT, every function is like this.	1	May 30, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you have a strong accent on your pronunciation, the fight with Alexa continues. But there are advantages to the different options and practicalities of doing things. But Amazon, please, what is this horrible sound quality? looks like am/fm radio. Horrible.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don’t like that it wants me to buy Amazon music and is not easily connected to the music service I already have.	2	February 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It just started to continually disconect and I can't get it to restart or do anything.  It keeps disconnecting.  I have tried everything.  I deregistered and tried to reregister but it sut won't respond.  Very disappointing.	2	December 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	She doesn’t understand Spanish or my accent 😡 .. the person this was for says it’s very frustrating to talk to her, Alexa needs to learn more Spanish or to be able to understand English with an accent	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Everything on the Echo Dot works great. Alexa recognizes your voice commands and performs them well. The app works great. The sound is absolutely inferior. It’s hard to understand why they would put such a poor quality speaker in such a capable product. Very disappointed.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Does not seem as voice responsive as the 3rd gen version	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I received the echo dot as a gift. It’s cute and fits on my nightstand with out taking up too much room.However, I’m very DISAPPOINTED in the fact that I CAN NOT requests certain songs without having a subscription.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Purchased for the purpose of using in my office. Will not connect to the wifi there unless I am in the same room as the router. No option to move my desk to the equipment room. Very disappointed.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	No funcionan varias cosas en Ecuador como Apple Music, Spotify tiene limitaciones, no puede crear estaciones a partir de una canción, no reconoce bien la voz, no puede dar una dirección de algún establecimiento, el sonido no es de lo mejor (en comparación con el homepod de Apple). Preferible gastar un poco más e invertir en un homepod hay demasiada diferencia, sólo sirve para que funcionen los aparatos compatibles con Alexa de demótica. Me parece mucho más útil un echoshow. Compré echodot negro y el cable vino en color blanco.	2	July 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Not a good sound as I expected	3	August 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Same  as above	2	June 4, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"I've been waiting to review this until after a few months of use.Honestly, I like everything about my V2 Dot better than this for utility. The voice recognition on this one is sorely lacking compared to the older puck style. Testing is side-by-side, the V2 Dot will hear me call out to her more consistently. The V2 Dot understands what I'm saying for custom routines much more consistently, ""lights on"" vs. ""lights off"".I couldn't hear much difference in audio quality for music. This is not a device I rely on for that, but considering they say it should be better, it's not."	2	February 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Alexa sometimes turns my TV on unexpectedly and responds without being spoken to.	3	July 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was disappointed in the sound quality of the speaker. I listen to music a lot on my Alexa devices and the Echo Dot does not have great sound quality that I have come to expect from Amazon devices.	3	February 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	With all the technologies in the market now for voice recognition/software/devices the Dot seems like it still needs some work before it's ready. About twice a week now I need to unplug it and plug it back in to reconnect to my Sengled Bulbs and Nest Thermostat. As soon as I pull the plug for a few seconds and plug back in, after the restart all the devices on the network are functional again. (6 bulbs, 2 thermostats) It a minor inconvenience but I don't expect this from newly purchased technology.	2	July 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The new design seems to make Alexa respond slower. The placement of the light ring on the bottom is not very good for short folks, if Alexa sits on a FP Mantle for example. Sound quality is good. The setup is supereasy.	3	December 20, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I had a much older model that worked great, but I gave it to a friend figuring I’d upgrade.Ugh!This thing is horrible.The volume control is just no good.When I turn it on in the evening it starts out fine, I put a sleep timer on, no problem. Then about five minutes in the volume goes down for no apparent reason.Slider control on the app is ridiculous.  The change is rather drastic between numbers, as if you had jumped from 10 to 25 when in reality you’ve only moved it 2 or 3 spots.Maybe I just got a dud, but this thing is going back.	1	February 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"This speaker works fine as an ""Alexa"" device but sound quality is below par. This is unfortunate, especially since it was described as an upgrade from the previous Dot version. Not the case at all. Very disappointing."	3	March 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I should have listen to the reviews, no pun intended. The reviews said that the sound quality is not as good as it’s previous version. They were right-quite tinny. No depth to sound, and almost like an echo.  Oh well.	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When will Amazon figure out Sound Check? The Dot 3 was bad enough. The 4 is worse.	2	March 29, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I use my device for everything that is offered....but I always have to repeat commands....good sound quality, small and out of the way.	3	June 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not to impress with the new Echo Dot, but it does what it's meant to do.  For some reason, mine is having a hard time picking up on commands and also the sound seems to be a bit lower than the previous model.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	She is great, however she is easily confused and I have t frequently repeat myself. I am clear and concise speaker, so she should easily understand me. I do not have this problem with my Echo tower. I may return her.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Why would you include a white power adapter and cord with a black device? Very poor thought out design. Also the power cord is extremely short. I had the second generation Echo device and I traded it in for this new one and I am not pleased with the new one versus the original.	2	November 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	cannot follow how to get to setting on app.  she is good for music	3	June 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	She is not very smart. I sent feedback and she still doesn't know. I like her alot tho. She plays great music and love the reminders and alarms. Just needs to be more knowledgeable.	3	April 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is horrible	2	June 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This is worse then my earlier generation echo dot at voice recognition. It also takes longer for Alexa to process requests. While it’s a cool looking design, it feels like a downgrade, and I prefer my earlier generation	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I had extreme issues connecting to the internet had to contact customer support. I got it connected and I thought all was well but while playing music the sound will cut out and then pick back up.Mind you I have a 3rd gen Alexa as well and never had any issues. I have them linked together for music in different rooms under the same wifi and this newer one cuts out constantly (it's even closer to the router than the other). It will randomly loose connection while my 3rd gen is still working perfectly fine	2	May 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Its an echo device, it does what its supposed to, in that regard, it meets expectations.  But maybe I'm just stupid, maybe I expect too much, but can someone explain to me, how it is that the 4th gen sounds like a tin can and string for music?  even when setting the bass to maximum?  Playing music everywhere(on all devices) the difference is so incredibly noticeable that if I hadnt already thrown away the box, I'd return it for the audio quality alone since I'm still in my window.  2 stars because I cant give it 1, it works, it does all the crap alexa should, it just sounds like ass.	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I bought one of these devices, and while it lasted, it was fine.  However, barely 6 months after I got it, it has stopped working.  It will no longer connect to wi-fi.  After a long ordeal of dealing with Amazon's very poor customer service on this, it was confirmed that the device was failing.  However, since the warranty is only 3 months, I'd have to buy a new one.  But, hey, I was offered a 15% discount on a new one!If you buy this and it works for you, fine, good.  Just keep in mind Amazon will absolutely not back it up if it doesn't.(Edit) I was sent a new one later, but this 2nd one is having the same issues.  The issue is obviously not with the product, but something in my network.  But support sends me through the same hoops of resetting it, unplugging it, etc.  I'm just done.  Buy something else.	1	June 12, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Liked most of the features, but it would be nicer if it had a built in battery. Mainly bought it to use as a Bluetooth speaker. Sold it bc it has to be plugged in everywhere you use it.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound isn’t as good as my first generation Alexa. Very disappointed. I had customer service help and the sound was better but doesn’t stay. Not enough bass for me and sounds tinny. Wish I had my old one back!	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The speaker is not the best quality.  Sounds like a bad stereo speaker.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is really good, but I constantly have to repeat myself otherwise alexa won’t answer which is really annoying especially being that this is the newest generation.	3	May 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was very happy with it for a while and now it’s not working. I can’t connect it to the internet and when it says it’s successfully connected, it gets disconnected right away. My internet is not the strongest but everything else works fine except the echo dot. And it’s too late to return. Very disappointed.	2	October 26, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Of course I love my echo dots. They’re incredible. And the newest is amazing but come on guys, if I order a black echo, why the heck would you send a white power cable?? Obviously someone wants a black cable with a black echo.	3	October 22, 2020	1
Echo Dot	3rd gen sounds WAY better and the voice recognition is almost non existing!Unless I got a messed up one, this is pretty much junk.	2	February 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have a couple 3rd gen echo dots and their sound quality is so much better than this new 4th gen dot. Pretty disappointed. Don’t know if I have a faulty dot or what. Hoping to talk to Amazon customer support about it	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Supposed to be able to integrate with tv that has Alexa built in. Does not work!! All it is good for is playing music.	1	September 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I was a beta-tester for the original Alexa unit, so I've been through the whole process, but this unit is a failure.  Don't waste your time.  It worked from late June 2021 until the end of December 2021.  Then it stopped recognizing voice, responding...  I reset it several times, once per day, and it would work for a bit, then peter out and stop working.  The blue light would go on, spin all the time, and nothing.  Since it was only under warranty for three months, which itself is ridiculous, the unit is a waste of space.  Customer service offered a trade-in, but the device doesn't come up as an option to be traded in.  So useless on another count.	1	January 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not amazingly different even from the 1st gen. Slick design though. Looks nice. One beef is they include a white cord... a solid black product designed to be non intrusive and aesthetically please and they send a dang white wire	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Why the White cord on a Black product.  Looks so poor together.	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I didn’t know you had to have WiFi to use. I don’t.	2	April 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have a couple of Echo Dots set up throughout my house and this latest one is a downgrade. The sound quality is not as good as the last generation. This one you can’t change the wake word on either, which is very frustrating because the rest of my dots I have changed the wake word. I’d recommend getting the older generation.Update: Changed to 3 stars Bc Amazon contacted me and were able to fix the wake word problem with a reset but still having problems with the sound. They are sending a replacement to see if it is a bad speaker. Will update after I receive the replacement.Update: Changed it to 1 star because I received the replacement and it didn't work at all. Just has a solid green light and no sounds. Contacted customer service and tried all their troubleshooting but it still doesn't work. The replacement they sent looked like a refurbished one as it was in different packaging and the serial number was older than my original one.	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Barley a year and it’s already messed up. Speaker crackling, doesn’t respond at times, and when asked to play anything, she doesn’t do it til I’ve asked for the 3rd time.	2	January 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I wanted to bring in my radio  station 103.9 the light like my old one did. It will not play it. I  am disappointed.	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexia’s voice is very low compared to music and other sounds.	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Disappointed.  The sound quality is muffled.  It can be understood.  But it lacks the crispness of my other dot	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The TV will not work with Alexa at all. I've done everything that it says to do and still nothing. Please goggle before buying. You'll see that a ton of customers can not connect Alexa echo dot and other devices.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	no	3	September 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got this to sit at my desk for productivity music, but it stops after a couple songs, and sometimes will not play at all. Sound is fine, when it plays, but it doesn't listen consistently.	3	April 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	In an era where everything is connected Alexa should be able to easily connect to a Samsung TV, which is does not do... Shoudl also be able to connect to a Chromecast, but is nearly impossible, should be better, could be better	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I like how it looks but the sound is really low for volume 10. I don’t understand why it keeps ignoring me and I have constantly repeat myself. I preferred the older versions compared to this just based on these issues.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I was under the impression that this was a stand-alone and that once the app was installed and set up, everything would work on voice command. Wrong. The only way I can access it is thru the app and then the replies come thru the app-- not from the unit itself. If I wanted to have to have an app open, I am just as well off using the Google option that's already on my phone.	2	August 30, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Very low sound when music playing.	2	May 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	My older Alexa picks my voice up before my new one does. She hardly hears me when I'm next to her but my older ones in a whole nother room and she hears me.	3	April 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got a great deal to purchase 2 new 4th gen Dots upgrading from a 2nd gen Echo & 3rd gen Dot and trade those in too.  Was REALLY happy. But...Missing my old devices !1/The sound quality is definitely lower (not really an issue for us though as I use remote speakers)2/Hate the new location for the light-ring at the bottom...  can’t see it where I position them.3/Worst of all is the microphones are MUCH worse and we need to repeat requests WAY more than our previous units.Other than the ball shape that I do like, Amazon dropped the ball on quality for this new design.  😕	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Dot	We love to use dots as surround speakers throughout the house. The sound quality on this device is horrible. The 3rd gens we have are amazing compared to the 4th. If we purchase more we will stick to 3rd gen.	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The item is smaller that I imagine or expected.  The setup was easy and it has been an awesome addition to the home.	3	May 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	With the bass all the way down and the treble all the way up it's still way to much bass.	3	June 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My small dot sounds better than this one. I adjusted it every way and it doesn’t get better.	3	June 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I wouldn't call it stereo quality sound	3	August 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The volume and the quality are not up to par with my other echo devices. Feels like a knock off	1	October 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Not sure if it was my phone or what, but for whatever reason, this Dot didn't want to cooperate initially in the setup process.It works just as my other Dot, but the sound quality isn't as good. It's not bad, just not as good.	3	November 18, 2020	1
Echo Dot	If you are buying this as an additional mini speaker for background music in the kitchen or a bathroom, this is totally not worth it.Assuming it is an issue with my device, tried replacement option on Amazon initially, instead of returning it. Amazon doesn’t offer a process to do so.	1	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	She can't hear me! I used to speak discreetly to my Dot 3 without waking people down the hallway. That's certainly not possible with this new one. I'm returning it bc it's stressful to have to speak twice as loudly for her to listen.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I mistook it to have the signee hub capability.  Not sure of its improvement over the 3rd gen dot.Returning this and getting the 4th gen echo instead	3	May 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like: They know my voice , its a personal alexa (i guess)Dislike: You cant go to youtube .. its really not like a bluetooth , you have to meet ends with everything before you cam connect	3	February 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered the charcoal one but it Came with a white cord which excludes it from being in my all black Livingroom. So I threw it in my bathroom and the voice was at minimum and music at max... Had to troubleshoot and doesn't really sound that amazing compared to what I already had. And the light is on the bottom so I can't really see it on the shelf I have. Lame design in my opinion and not really better than generation 3. But I used promotional credit to get it so I kept it.	2	May 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	We decided to get this during Prime sale but even though it was a good price, it wasn't worth it. Our old Amazon tap, that barely works and Amazon has offered a whole $10 as a trade in for a new Amazon device. The sound quality is horrible. Not even loud enough to really hear across a room. And it only works if it is plugged in. Who came up with the bright idea? The free lightbulb was neat, but all in all, this was a very disappointing purchase.	2	July 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have an Echo Dot in our kitchen now and I just don’t think the sound coming from it sounds good. It’s not the volume, it’s just not good quality. Next time I’ll stick to the Amazon Echo and not the dot.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality for music and assorted things are not as good as the second generation echo dot.	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It works ok,you need to phrase youre request just right or alexa doesn't understand or gets confused.i bought a echo 4th generation sound was way better wish I had bought 2 of those instead of 1 of each.you live u learn.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The only thing I really don’t like is how low the volume is. I thought since it was a newer generation it would be better but it’s kind of worse then the original dot	3	March 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It looks like Amazon cut a lot of corners with this new generation of Echo dots. The design looks great, but everything else about it is worse than the 3rd Gen. Here are the biggest problems:1. Bass is non-existent. I turned up the device bass on the settings and even on Spotify, but the speakers are so low quality that they just cannot output noticeable bass.2. Low volume. The 4th gen speaker can only reach about half of the max volume of the 3rd gen echo dot. If you like to turn it up while you do other stuff around the house, this is not suitable as a main speaker since it doesn't get very loud.3. Feels cheap. The overall feel of the product is cheap. It feels more plastic-ey than 3rd gen and even the charging cable looks like one of those cheap blocky cables you often see in routers.I recommend you get a 3rd gen echo dot while they're still around at a reduced price. The 3rd gen is far better quality by a large margin.	1	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Was disappointed, I couldn’t tell sound quality was any different than my old Echo. Unfortunately, it’s past the return date.	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like the new look and easy to install to my present system but the sound quality is not good.  Expected much better. I have some real cheap Bluetooth speakers that sound better. Other than that works as advertised.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It sounds pretty good, but you have to yell at it : |	3	July 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Three month follow up: I’ve been using Alexas for years and this is by far the worst model. The interface is poor and I find myself repeating commands more often then not.  It regularly dose not understand commands correctly as well.  I was going to give it one star, but as I took a hammer to it this morning I was impressed with the build quality.  After five minutes smashing it on the concrete and beating it with a hammer it was still holding together quite well.  Amazon props on the build quality but please fix the interface.  Going back to a gen 2.	2	January 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought this as an upgrade to my system and at first it was a well but now in the last two weeks I have had to reset this unit MANY MANY TIMES to get it to work so now it has gone to the TRASH CAN and I am going back to my old 3rd generation Dot.  AMAZON what is going on??????Update 9/21/21  Amazon called and gave me the standard set up instruction from the tech script and when I told them that I have done all that and it was still dropping off line could they think beyond there computer script I got put on hold and then told I was out of warranty but they would give me 15% off if I purchased another unit and then waited for it to be delivered and then they will process the discount.  Such customer service.	1	September 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"When it works its great. But the rest of the time it just doesn't work. the way it recognizes voice is terrible. when i saw ""turn on my LED light"" which is exactly how its named. Alexa goes ""I cannot find a device named L........ ED light."" it adds random pauses and spaces to everything and then doesnt understand even though i am speaking clearly. My google speaker never had any issues like this. I got the Alexa becasue of my TV. which it refuses to work with.... I have to say everything twice for it to work on the TV. ill say it once and itll wake up the screen and then do nothing..... no matter how long i wait. So then I have to say it again...."	1	January 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I like it for a lot of things but I don't care much for how much stuff Alexa says it can not do but I still am glad I bought it	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love the look. It is much more stylish than earlier generations. However, there is barely a noticeable improvement in the sound quality especially given that the physical dimensions of the device might facilitate a fuller sound than previous generations.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Discovery and pairing with network seemed to be much smoother than earlier generations. Sound quality improved although back end software seems a little different than earlier models. Some of the commands or prompts that were recognized previously seem missing from this generation.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have two Echos at home and they are fine,  and I wanted this for the office. Can't get it to work so I set it down for a week. Maybe I will get back to it.	3	January 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was hoping it would act like my other echo dots, but it has a hard time catching it's name we use or following orders. I'm a little disappointed and would probably just go back to the gen before this one.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When playing music the bass is practically nonexistent. I also don’t like that the light strip is on the bottom and the buttons are not centered on the top, they’re set further back. I like the light blue color	3	January 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	echo doesn't talk. I can play my music but wont talk	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It come with black Alexa with white electric wire ( it should be black).	2	April 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I found the timer And remindersuseful and I really like listening to the podcasts and music , So much so that I bought a second one. But after a month I got static he I'll ask one echo a question the other one in a different room will answer it's just all screwed up and annoying	2	October 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"Not entirely happy with it. This stupid thing hardly even recognizes when I say ""Alexa"" and won't let tme change the wake word therefore makes it very hard to even use it."	3	April 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	They said the would send a return kit but haven’t seen it yet. It’s been months	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The alarm works when it wants to work as well as the snooze option only works when it wants to work. So I plugged in my third generation Echo Dot and have not had a problem. I just thought I would buy the fourth GEN because it’s around and looked cool.	1	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Me ofrecieron 6 meses gratis con spotify y no los pude aplicar	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I thought it would have better sound just disappointing all the way round expected it to be better and still don’t think I like the layout as good the light down on bottom don’t show up as good.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	If you need it to add or replace then buy it.  Except for the exterior redesign, it is not functionally different than a Gen 3.  Not worth buying just because  it's new.  Bigger isn't better.	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Does not connect and play my playlist to my Apple Music even though it says it’s linked	3	June 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Honestly sad I went with this one over the 3rd gen, this one's microphone does not recognize us as well as the 3rd gen.  It was was a waste of the extra money.	3	March 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not the greatest big bulky and not pretty for a home .	2	April 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don’t fully understand a lot about it	3	July 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Never understands and answers random things.	2	May 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Well I bought this on prime day and got this three days ago and have spent entire time trying to get this stupid thing to stay connected to WI-FI. Grand total this thing has worked for me a total of 20 or 30 minutes. It keeps getting disconnected (or something) from Wi-FI telling me it can't connect to internet. I have tried everything a billion times. Scoured the Web for any tricks and tried those things to. Changed channels on my WI-FI setting and did many factory resets and deregistering and turning everything off and on. All the while my other stuff(phones and TV sec cameras) stay connected to WI-FI without any problems. Also after scouring the bowels of the internet this is a widespread problem and well known. Could not be more disappointed because when it does actually work it is amazingly useful with what it can do...just can not get it to stay connected. I have a netgear 7550 and on ATT DSL.	1	June 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I like that it was free with the subscription of Sirius Xm. My only concern is that it doesn’t work unless connected to my phone . Maybe I am not using it right ? I just thought i would be able to use this speaker with or without setting up an account but it seems like he needs an account to work and I think that’s wack . What if I  wanna jam out in privacy ? Idk it doesn’t make me feel like it will work without any extra stuff if ya know what I mean !?	1	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Ordered this 4th Generation Echo Dot thinking it would have at least equal sound to the 3rd Generation Dots. Wrong! This device sounds hollow and weak! It makes the 3rd Generation sound like a Bose and the 4th Generation sound like a transistor radio from Radio Shack! Amazon is offering an exchange in case the device is faulty, but I have to wait 2 weeks for the replacement to arrive, and I'm 99% sure it has nothing to do with a defect, but rather poor quality speakers used this time around. Seriously disappointed! I'm also not sure why they made it larger than the 3rd Generation and still effed up on the speakers.	2	December 3, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"Put it same location as the previous simple echo for the better speaker.Speaker difference is minimal, but it doesn't ""hear"" us half the time, and also has a harder time understanding our accent. Dissappointed."	3	February 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is my second Echo Dot. So I know how to set it up. After numerous tries, it sees my Wi-Fi network but won’t connect to it. Gone through all the troubleshooting suggestions. Now it’s just and expensive paperweight!	1	August 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I am not impressed with this echo dot 4th gen. The sound is terrible, the old Echo sound much better than this one. If your looking to upgrade this isn’t much of one.	3	March 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	La app de alexa es lenta, tediosa y depende del móvil, yo tengo un xiaomi tope de gama, y aún así, funciona fatal, se extraña mucho un software complementario, funcional para windows, enlazado con el dispositivo.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	For being a globe shape and much larger than my dot, the volume isn’t as clear and loud as I thought it would be.	3	May 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Echo is black cord is whiteSound quality is terrible compared to my other 2	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The overall sound quality and volume is not nearly as  good as my old Tap. Disappointing but that’s what I have now. It was easy to setup and responds very well. Just disappointed in the sound.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like how Alexa can control my lights and music but other than that it’s horrible sound quality and i have to yell in order for her to hear me even if i’m in the same room. Maybe i got a bad one but the Alexa in my hallway can hear me and answer from my room. Also i ask for alexa to turn on my light and she says “ok” but nothing happens, it takes me a few tries to ask her in order for the task to be done.	2	June 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The light ring can’t be seen hardly at all.  Very slow to respond.  Wanted the ECHO SPOT but you didn’t show it ... if my other DOT hadn’t died I would g be ace returned it	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not happy that the cord does not match my machine.  If I had known it was going to be white I would not have chosen black.  I may return this item just for this reason.	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound is not realistic	3	August 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Honestly, my old echo dot seemed to have better voice recognition and sound quality. Considering that the 4th Gen is bigger and circular shaped, I figured the sound would be pretty good, but it's not. It's quite bad.	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Way too small so small I prefer my echo dot 3rd gen I think it even sounds better It's not worth the price Echo dot 3rd gen is more affordable And more bang for the buck	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I primarily use my echo dots for two things: (1) playing music and (2) operating smart devices.  The 4th Gen Dot performs adequately for device control.  But the sound quality is awful.  Even after trying to adjust the audio settings through the app, the music never sounded good.  Very hollow and ""tinny.""  The 3d Gen Dots have far superior sound quality, so if you're buying for streaming music, save yourself some $$$ and go w/ the 3d Gen.  Or not.  Whatever.  You're an adult, do what you want.  Globe design is kinda cool, which is why I'm giving 2-stars.  Otherwise, 1-star."	2	December 6, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I could ever get it to work  Maybe I need a young person took hook it up for me	2	February 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Honestly the Gen 3 has better sound quality and the sad part is that if you want to use two different echoes at the same time it’s 15$.  Just not worth to me.  Gen 4 sounds tinny	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My wife says the Echo Dot creeps her out.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I really like the look of the latest Amazon Echo Dot but this version does not recognize my voice anywhere near as well as the last version. I have to repeatedly say Alexa at times for her to “hear” the commands.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Like the sound however it doesn’t work well as an Alexa for my use. My old dot could out perform this on voice commands. Buy a dot and link it to a speaker.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I must say it seems as the good voice recognition was sacrificed for a better speaker with more bass. There are times where I have to repeat myself to her which gets tie ring after a while	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is definitely superior to the gen 2, which I still have.Update: One of my echo dot 4th gen has not worked consistently for a while.  It started failing shortly after the warranty expired.  Disappointing.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I thought that it could turn on the TV turn my lights on and this does not do that it doesn't say my name when I say hello to it or when I call Alexa it doesn't say my name	3	January 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	If you want to repeat yourself multiple times to turn off the lights, alarms or timers this trash is supposed to operate then this is the item you have been looking for. Do you constantly want to reconnect to the Bluetooth speaker not 6ft away? Look no further.  Don't walk away from this piece of flotsam, RUN!	1	July 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Why would you create the beautiful black orb then include an ugly gray cable??? Why isn't the cable black...how did that get through the design team?	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not as good as the gen 3, does not hear as well as the gen 2 and 3 sounds ok but not any better than the gen 3.  Not worth the price to change over.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’m amazed with the sound quality. Overall we do love it but connection to other capable devices can get tricky at times. Wether they’re other manufacturers or not they’re Alexa ready so should work well.	3	March 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Unsure of the reason it was required when ordering the printer.	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was underwhelmed - less versatile than the previous generation too. Can't mount it any as many places. The audio is nice and loud, and music sounds great, but it doesn't pick up my voice from as far.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think that this echo dot is a good upgrade; however, it will not work in a group with the older echo dots or echo. That is unfortunate and the reason I don't use it as much.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The speaker crackles all the time no matter what setting the volume is on so disappointed with this	2	March 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality is far inferior to the 3rd Gen and even the 2nd gen models. I've reset it to factory settings twice and checked the app settings. Volume is less than other models and does not have the same bass as the others. Microphone does not routinely hear my voice. i have three other dots all which work very well. Purchased the black color, comes with a white cord and I saw other complaints so Im sure it wasn't an accident.  Nobody wants the electric cords to stand out on their devices. Much larger plug as well/What were they thinking? Buy the 3rd Gen and skip this one.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Similar to the 1st generation in sound quality and voice recognition. If there is any background noise it does not respond.  Even in dead silence you must be loud and within 6 feet for the device to activate.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality has gotten worse from previous versions of the Dot- my 3rd Gen has better sound quality. This may be due to the shape? Not sure, but as a speaker it’s “meh” at best.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this Echo Dot excited, I thought it would sound good but this doesn't even have volume for the bathroom.  a lost of money.  an old radio sounds louder.  Alexa sometimes works and sometimes it doesn't.	1	August 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Looks nice but the gen 3 is louder and sounds better	3	July 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love my echo but the timer doesn't seem to work correctly.  I ask to listen to a sound and after I set the timer it only plays for about 10 minutes.  It's a little frustrating.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Got this for free, but haven't found any use for it. I can look up anything on my computer or phone faster and more thoroughly... without having to repeat myself or refine my request. And without worrying that I'm being monitored and recorded.	1	August 15, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Nice and easy to set up, but disappointed in sound quality	3	July 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not much better than my old dot, but the price was not bad, especially with a trade-in.  The sound quality can be improved.  It has difficulty immediately picking up commands.  The microphone integration needs improvement.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Don't know if it's the speaker or the wifi connection but sometimes I have to re-add it as a device because it will quit playing.	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Meh. It was easy to set up but that's about all.  Constantly has trouble turning on the light.  Not impressed.  Get better use out of my older model dots.	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not happy ...have had it for 6 months & the speaker is blown! I only use it @ night on low volume as a sound machine what the heck???	3	April 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got 2 of these to use the home theater function with the Omni TV. They work for a short amount of time, then stop working. I have to completed remove them from my account and start over every couple of weeks. Customer service experience was terrible.	1	August 10, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I really enjoy listening to music on my Echo Dot. I have used it to listen to my favorite  radio station, Spotify, and Pandora. However, ever since I received it, it randomly stops playing. Not sure why, but very aggravating. It has gradually gotten worse and now often stops after only 10 or 15 minutes of playing, especially when it is a radio station. I have reset it, reset it to factory, etc. but it is still doing it. I feel like you should replace it with a new one...	2	May 31, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Compared to first gen which I really wanted to replace, this is cheap looking and sounding. A little pod with poor sound quality.  I will also have trouble using this outside as I did with my first gen.	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I read the reviews and some said the speaker wasn’t as good as previous editions. It’s true, it’s not as clear or loud. I definitely prefer my older Alexa Echo	3	April 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Does a worse job at recognizing my voice and with the microphone than my first generation  echo dot. Speaker is better but not by much. Prefer 2nd generation echo dot over this one.	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was disappointed that it was so small.	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"""I don't know that answer"" ... It Answers 90% of the time with this."	3	June 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered a charcoal color 4 generation echo dot.  It came with a white power cord.  Called customer service and guess what, I can get a black power cord for an additional sum of money.  Great marketing guys!	3	November 20, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality improvement was the reason I purchased two of these. Such a disappointment. I think my Gen3 sound is actually better. This one has a tinny-ness to it - and crackles with some higher tones. :( Not enough bass.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Thought this would be an upgrade to my 3rd gen considering it was larger and therefore a better sound.. wrong. This thing sounds identical to the smaller one with no apparent upgrades. Save your money and buy the third gen	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The only thing that make feel annoying about this product is the fact that I can’t link my Apple Music account. The first reason for why I bought this is for play music and I CANT.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Does not understand what I’m saying	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We have a variety of of the echo dots and we expected like the previous versions the sound would be better, we were wrong. The new version lacks any depth and sounds hollow. I would pass on this version.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This gen echo has a very tin pitched sound, not full at all.  I have three third gen and they sound way better.  A white charger cable comes with a black echo... not sure why.  Definitely not an upgrade.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I’ve been a huge fan of Echo devices for several years now and have a gen 2 Echo and a few gen 3 Echo Dots. I was fully expecting the sound quality of the new gen 4 Echo Dots to be an upgrade, but I’m very disappointed in the sound. They’re very tinny and lack fullness and bass compared to the gen 3 Dots. The voice quality of Alexa is clear, but listening to music is NOT a good experience. The other features are solid, but if you want decent sound for music I would recommend sticking with the previous model or even going back to the gen 2 non-Dot Echo.	2	December 5, 2020	0
Echo Dot	UnreliableWon’t stay connected to smart devices for more than 5-6 days before losing connection or unable to communicateNecessitates completely deleting and doing the entire setup over again and againThe app is garbage…unintuitive interface that can’t even accurately reflect if a light is on or offI bought this during half price prime sales and I paid way too much	1	June 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The voice recognition is terrible compared to echo 3.	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Do not buy this if you plan on using your iPhone as a mobile hot spot to provide internet connectivity to the Alexa Dot instead of your local WiFi. The connection process is a total circle jerk that never gets it right. I visited countless websites supposedly showing how it is done but nothing seems to work. I have a reasonable expectation of this being a simple process but it is a nightmare. My Roku box is an example of how easy it should be to do exactly this (a couple of clicks on the remote and I’m watching a movie) but apparently Amazon has chosen to make it an impossible task with their Dot. I don’t have time for garbage that doesn’t work so in the trash it went. For those who are wondering why I want to connect the Dot to my iPhone’s hot spot, I bought the Dot specifically to play music out in my barn and the barn is too far from the house to pick up my WiFi. I’ll just have to figure out something else.	1	January 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Update 1.20.21. Amazon actually called me on 1.18.20 about my review. I was rather impressed. I let it got to voicemail because I thought it was spam. I returned a email to Bradley the same day. I'm awaiting a return call.I am sorry. I am not a negative person and rarely say negative things. This thing is awful in EVERY aspect. I would recommend sticking with the dot. I have a plug in flex that is decent on voice recognitions however the volume is terrible. I wouldn't recommend this either. My dots have been great,,,, however I haven't bought new ones.	2	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I did not get the color wifi light bulb the the add showed on the 13th that came with the echo dot I called and they said I can get a refund . next time i will print and  keep it for proof  but I am satisfied with the echo dot	1	July 28, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"This Echo Dot would be a great device but for one glaring shortcoming. It cannot be given an arbitrary name. I want to rename it Wesley so I can say *Wesley, shut up! """	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Most ppl buy this for an extra surround sound speaker for tv / xbox / pc. It is not able to do this and if it is it's really hard to figure out.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound for the 3rd gen is WAAAAAAAY better than this! Actually the 3 gen in general is waaaay better. This actually just feels like a step downwards in quality but a bigger shape.	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Sound Quality is amazing at its price point but there are some downsides to it. Sometimes, Alexa doesn’t recognize your voice. It only works when you get really close and say it’s name a couple times.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Really expected better sound quality from this. Had to adjust eq to get it close to how I thought it should sound.  Voice pickup is nothing special.  All in all, not better than the dot in my opinion.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Great product but to confusing to set up for me.  I guess I have no patience to setup tasks	3	May 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have purchased two, 4th generation dots.  I placed the new dot is in exactly the same location as my previous 3rd generation dot.  If I power down, wait 30 seconds and power up, it works normally for about 5 minutes.  After that, the wake word activates the light ring, but it will not respond unless I'm within one foot of the speaker.  When yelling at it, the 3rd generation dot two rooms away answers.  If I'm right in front of the speaker, it will occasionally react.  If I'm off to the side, it doesn't.  Both of the 4th gen dots behave exactly the same way.  I spent 45 minutes  chatting with tech support, eventually resetting the dot to factory settings after moving it next to the WIFI router.  It worked for about 5 minutes then went mute again.  I can use these as dumb speakers, but that's not the point.  I expected superior performance from an “upgrade”, but these are nowhere near as responsive as the 3rd generation design.	1	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I was looking to buy a Roku sound bar and on that ad amazon was saying that I must buy an echo dot to control the Roku sound bar with my voice. So i did get both sound bar and the dot. I did NOT need the dot. they lied. I will never trust them again on their advertising or any thing else.  HEADS UP>>Just giving information	2	August 30, 2021	0
Echo Dot	We bought the newest generation assuming that the experience would be much improved from the first generation Alexa that we had. It's not. The speaker is Not any better and Alexa still struggles to hear us.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I'm big on sound quality and that was the main reason for my return on this product. The 3rd gen low bass and non distortion is why I'm choosing to use the older version rather than the 4th gen.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It won launch my tv, though when on chat support it did do this but no longer.	2	March 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Bought it in Aug 2021 and finally arrived in September 2021. A few days ago in late December 2021 it stopped responding to wake words. Can only be wake up by pressing the action button. We have 5 2nd and 3rd generation ones, and this is the only one that does this. After spending an hour with CSP they finally acknowledged the device is defective, but told me that it is out of warranty. What? Apparently it only has a 3 month warranty and we are out by a few days. So clearly Amazon knows the crappy quality of this product and even they don't or cannot afford to offer the standard 1 year warranty. They cannot even offer a replacement. Stay away!	1	January 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	2 out of 5 of my echoes kept disconnecting from wifi after a few month of use. I just didn't get around to call it in after a few troubleshoots. When I finally found the time, it was 4 weeks after my warranty was up. Although over the phone customer service confirmed it was  not fixable they would not replace it. Instead, they offered a discount to buy two more but that’s an additional cost that I’m not willing to pay. Sooooo disappointed!!!!	1	April 13, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I don’t know what’s been changed but I always have to say her name twice to have a respond to me. Hopefully there’s a software update that they are working on to correct. Very annoying	3	February 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like	3	August 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The device makes this weird beeping noise while performing a command. Sometimes it doesn’t hear the command and I have to speak extremely loud for it to respond.	3	April 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The speaker on my new Echo doesn’t work when I join it to my 1st Echo to play music throughout the house.	3	May 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My echo fit only paired once and the sound quality wasn’t great. Now, it won’t pair again. This was a such a waste of money.	1	September 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Set up was easy as usual but the sound quality is much less than expected. Compared with the echo 3rd gen the 4th gen sounds like an AM transistor radio. Hardly any base at all.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not a very loud speaker and you basically have to yell for it to hear you. Glad I only purchased 1. And stuck with the last generation for the rest of my house	3	March 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like the aesthetic and shape. Voice recognition really sucks. Audio quality on songs not that good as preceding tower sharper echo devices. Still have the older ones which are far more responsive to wake words and better on my ears.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I like the features but it it lacks in sound quality. There is almost no bass and overall sounds tinny. Maybe they can do a firmware upgrade to improve the sound or maybe it’s just a hardware limitation.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am very disappointed in the sound quality. The puck is more warm (gen3). In the kitchen it works a bit better for it has a higher pitch. (gen4).I still would recommend the GEN3 pick for its superior sound quality.	3	November 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Everything about is was great minus the voice recognition which seems like a big step down from the 3rd gen. I had to repeat myself or yell much more than I ever did with the previous gens	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Worked great for a few weeks. Then it disconnected and will not reconnect. Tried everything listed online to removing from account and resetting it. Now just stays stuck in updating mode.	2	January 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We have several older generation echo dots and it seems like the audio quality really went down with this gen. There is absolutely no bass/low end out of these speakers. I have $20 Bluetooth speakers that have better sound than this device. If you are going to use this to listen to music don't waste your time. Go with the upgraded echo with premium sound or an earlier gen dot. If this is going to be used just for the Alexa functionality on a desk or something it will probably work fine for what you are doing.	2	March 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought this specifically to tie in all of my devices so I could play music everywhere.  When played alone, sound is ok. And JUST ok. Paired with my other devices, sound is horrible. Not at all impressed.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I do not think the 4th generation is as smart or interactive as my other echo dots! Had difficulty connecting to music everywhere, voice recognition, interaction.  Took her about 2 weeks to play nice with the other Alexa's	3	January 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got this thinking it would sound better then the 3rd Gen but I was very disappointed. There is zero bass and it sounds very tinny. I have a little generic Bluetooth speaker that sounds better then this thing.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is regular and it’s not wireless, so needs to be always connected to electricity. Voice recognition is awesome, my Alexa is set up in Spanish and English and work pretty good.	3	February 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am disappointed in the sound quality. Bass quality was poor. We use it everyday when out of town to still catch up on love cal news back home.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Works well and does what it's supposed to do, but the sound quality is minimal and not very loud even at max. Gen 1 Echo Dots were more superior on all categories.	3	February 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I might not be so critical if I didn’t have each of the other gen each dots, but I do and this one is hands down the lowest volume and poorest quality of the group. It listens fine but is not good as a speaker. As a 4 gen dot, I’d have thought it would be even better! I’m very disappointed.	2	September 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Bought this to replace a Gen 3 Dot. The sound quality on the Gen 3 Dot is better than this Gen 4 Dot. The sound on this dot sounds more like the Gen 2 Dot. Definitely a downgrade in sound quality.	3	December 6, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I’m disappointed. I have to scream at my Alexa now for it to hear me. I don’t like the new design. Hopefully We can upgrade again soon. You dropped the ball Amazon.	3	February 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My sister has an Echo dot and she loves it, got mine set it up and it was nice for about a week. Since then it won’t connect to my wifi and it’s just sitting there doing nothing. I’ve reset the router, connected it to my guest wifi and nothing is working. Highly disappointed with this purchase	2	October 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Had I known it was $20/mo. I would have thought twice. I'm elderly and disabled and thought it could help but it offers little for the monthly fee!	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The 4th generation echo dot fits perfectly with the bedroom decor..its black, circular design, voice recognition is well and alot of updated features. However, im an avid music lover and the treble overpowers the bass, which is very disappointing.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s a great product but I’m having so many issue with my Apple Music linking. :( other than that it’s a pretty good device.	3	May 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My portal and my old echo work much better	3	June 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	DO NOT BUY THIS, SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY THE 2ND GEN! I have both and thought that this one would be great to have sitting in my living room for music and Alexa since it looks so nice, but it's much smaller than they make it look and the sound quality is HORRIBLE! My iPhone speakers literally sound better than this thing! It's embarrassing! I rarely ever write reviews, but I had to get onto Amazon to write one for this product because its review score is much too high for the type of product it is.  It's obvious Amazon has done something to the reviews.	2	December 13, 2020	0
Echo Dot	It works just as well as my other echo dot (the squat, round one, I can't remember which generation it is.) The voice sounds a little different than my first one, but it is awesome just the same!	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Beautiful device, but why the white power cord? I don’t understand why our Alexa is all black and then has a white power cord which causes it to really stick out and look obnoxious.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I expected better sound! Music sounds like tin.	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I loved the dome design. It looks great in my living room. Alexa responds to my voice all the time without failing. The quality of this product is exceptional!! Love it!! Use it everyday.	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Poor sound quality and you can't tell it what to do because you have to repeat yourself	2	March 5, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I decided to upgrade from the gen 2 Echo Dot thinking a newer version would have better sound quality. We use the speaker in the bathroom exclusively for music. This speaker sounds very metallic compared to the others.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	El reconocimiento de voz no es muy efectivo al llamarla, la integración con alexa es muy lenta y la calidad del sonido es mejor la 3ra generación, es mi opinión esperaba más, espero haya mejoras las espero con ancias	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I bought because is was on sale but the sound is tinny and not very loud - almost like an AM radio but I bought to hook up to stereo so I can compensate some for the sound	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Finally caved and bought an Alexa 4th Gen (bc of mic disabling) and am very disappointed in the sound quality specifically as it relates to playing music.  I wasn't expecting Bose, but there is virtually no bass.  You have to strain to hear it (at least to a trained ear).  As others have mentioned it is a black unit with white cord, doesn't make sense.  I am just glad I didn't break the bank on something I expected more out of.  In other news, my cats have no idea why an inanimate object is randomly talking and that promises to be entertaining.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Dot	If you want an assistant, this is just great. But if you are looking for a speaker, don’t buy it. Sound quality is bad. It works for radio/podcasts. But is not worth it for general music listening.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It keeps connecting to tv sound but won’t let me connect Alexa to tv, don’t give me me the activation code. I am thinking of throwing it to the garbage.	2	January 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Definitivamente el sonido es horrible!!! No lo quiero parece como si estuviera dañado. Tengo el eco de tercera generación Y SE ESCUCHA EXCELENTE no se que tiene este. Y lo malo es que pedí otro y viene en camino.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I like the design but that’s about it. The voice recognition is also pretty good. The sound quality is awful. My amazon tap thats 4+ years old has better sound quality. Wishing I hadn’t purchased it.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The echo 3 is much better & more compact design. The 4th generation is bulky & sound is not much better. Cord is shorter & not Amazon cord its also white.  Stick with the echo dot 3.	3	December 5, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The echo with premium sound is much much better.  This looks the part, but the sound is so so and the bass response is below par.  The last generation dot may even sound a bit better.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was shocked when I plugged this one in and the speaker is horrible.  there are other words I could use but it may not get posted.  I have several of the hockey puck looking Alexas.  I thought this sphere looking one would be even better.  disappointed.  this is the one about $29 on sale.  don't get it.  The sound is lat and cheap.  worst yet.  don't go cheap and get this one.  pay for the upgrade.  This one will probably be going to the trash when a newer one comes out.	2	January 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"Well I was a disapointed. Just gonna throw that out there. I'd heard all this talk about the 4th gen. Echo was going to be so great? To be honest you've had 4 times to make some great advances with this device and the best you come up with is a couple new instructions and one that has a clock on the front for $10 dollars more? Really? Why not say Alexa what time is it? Then put $10 in your pocket. Yes, I have one, but until Amazon adds some real ""new"" features this will be the last echo I buy."	2	January 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Great little device and very responsive. I am disappointed in the sound quality and volume max. We thought we were upgrading from our original Alexa but this is not nearly as loud and crisp as our last.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	No where near as good as the previous model. Often doesn't hear and respond to voice commands. Sounds quality is definitely less than my echo dot from last year.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I was exited to change from a echo dot 3rd to 4th gen, but it wasn't that good experience, we prefer the sound of our 3gen echo dot also fore some reason it recognizes better our commands	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Echo Dot 4 LOUDLY announces its audio source when reconnecting to anything. Amazon has known about this garbage for years and still freaking refuses to offer a toggle to turn the crap OFF.  Returning with extreme displeasure.Edit: Amazon CALLED and emailed me after I left the 1-star review.  Intrusive and a little creepy.	1	July 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Used for listening to music but quality is poor.	2	April 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Very disappointing compared to the third generation. Sometimes she'll answer me sometimes she won't and her motion detection goes off at odd times	1	September 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I liked this product a lot, though dealing with Amazon Music was pretty terrible. However, after three months it quit working entirely. I have no idea why...	3	April 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Get the last gen dot while you can they sound much better. This one also comes with a bigger wall wart power supply and its white instead of black. Thumbs down. Sphere design is dumb too	3	January 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am updating my review. As of January 17, 2022, my 4th Gen Echo Dot has basically died. I have tried everything I can find to make it work. Unplugging it, resetting my wi-fi, updating the app, checking the power cord - that came with it, and more.  Unplugging it for 15 minutes and then plugging it back in SOMETIMES makes it work.  Like I should do that ten times a day? That is abusrd. It lasted barely 4.5 months. My 3rd Gen Echo Dot lasted almost five years.  Maybe mine is defective. I don't care. I have spent way too much time with this piece of tech that does not work right. First, it crashed twice a week. Now it just does not work. If you want headaches and tech that does not work, buy this.	1	November 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality not the best	3	July 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	La aplicación para el iPhone de Alexa no funciona correctamente , no da la opción de agregar un dispositivo. Se debería corregir eso.	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Terrible downgrade. Just for the sound quality this deserves 0 stars. The sad part is that I have my 3rd Gen echo dot very near my new 4th Gen. So when I move from one room to another and I want to keep playing my music I can hear clearly the MAYOR downgrade in the sound quality. It feels like a really cheap speaker. Granted its not the most expensive device, but if you already had a great sounding device... Why downgrade. The rest of the features are pretty much the same, it does what an alexa device should do, but it does it with a terrible sound quality. I bought the white one so I didn't have the issue seen in many comments of a black unit with a white power chord. Cmon Amazon you know better then that.I'm a Amazon product consumer, I've had 5 echo devices, the fire tab 8, and fire stick, this is the only device that has disappointed my so far. So I will give Amazon another chance for the next gen.	1	December 24, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I already had another Echo Dot 3rd generation and am extremely satisfied with that one, but this 4th gen one I have isn’t as responsive as the 3rd gen. That would be my only gripe with this, the responsiveness.	3	December 3, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have the original Echo Dot (3rd generation),  and the Echo Dot (4th generation). The sound on the 4th generation is nowhere near the sound on the 3rd generation one. Disappointed I thought it would be even better.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have multiple devices with Alexa around my home and this one isn’t have any difference with my 3th generation.The device looks really nice but the sound isn’t different.	3	February 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ask ...when is publix open...it gives me the times for the closest store.....I ask about walmart and it refuses to give me anything but the times for a store 60 miles away....even after I get it to recognize the store 2 miles away.  AND even after you get it to confirm your location. You ask about a word....it gives you an answer for a totally unrelated word....you'd think amazon would have worked out those kinks by now!!!	2	July 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It came with a white power block and cord?  The dot is black.  Why do this?  I like the 3rd gen echo dot better for voice recognition, sound quality and appearance.	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	El reconocimiento de voz es muy malo, no reconoce ni cuando digo la palabra de activación, la calidad de sonido es buena, pero deben arreglar el reconocimiento de voz, esto me hace querer quedarme con la 3era generación	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is very iffy, sometimes it’ll work sometimes you have to scream at the poor thing. Another thing is sound quality when passing volume 5 the quality drops significantly and sometimes its a pain to listen to.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I like it but the sound is not as good as the 3rd generation so I'm a little disappointed	3	May 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	In general not very bright.  You ask it the same thing exactly the same way 5 times and get 5 different responses.  Hard to get it to open app's it already has. Needs work.	3	December 23, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I wish I had just stayed with my 3rd generation. The sound is very clear but much more muted. It’s nowhere near as impressive as the Echo 4. I really hope this is just a fluke with this dot.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s ok. I like the over appearance of it and I like how the light ring illuminates underneath it. But the overall sound just doesn’t hit with me. I prefer the sound quality of my 3rd gen Echo Dot much more.	3	November 9, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition and sound quality are not great. Essentially doesn’t work when paired with other Alexa’s to play music in multiple rooms	3	May 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Does everything gen 3 does, but has lesser audio quality.	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I got this on prime day for a trade in on my old dots (2018 version) I still have one of them left. Set up the new ones and the sound quality compared to the older ones is awful. Returning them a.s.a.p. and keeping my 2018 versions. WAY BETTER sound. New isn't always better so it goes.	1	July 16, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Sound is not very robust and doesn’t seem to hear my commands without my having to raise my voice and/or repeat myself - very annoying.	3	April 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I figure I still need to give it some time but for a 4th gen I’m somewhat disappointed but as I said I’ll give it some more time. It’s responding time is not that good.	3	January 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound of the 4th gen is not nearly as good as previous versions. I had 3rd gen dots in my shop and in my garage to listen to music (I do not need it too loud so no external speaker) and replaced them with 4th gen, it sounds terrible. I have even adjusted the EQ in on my Alexa app, no help. Aside from that the when Alexa responds her voice isn't good quality and I don't think the microphone picks up as well as the 3rd gen.Unless the looks of this thing are more important to you, buy a 3rd gen.	2	December 29, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I got this device cus i wanted a new echo dot. i had the very first one and figured i needed to upgrade. so i ordered this and it was good everything worked fine for about a week or so. now it wont connect to internet, even after a bunch of troubleshooting. also i think the speaker is blown because the bass sounds scratchy and high pitched.very disappointedI don't recommend buying this, but if you do get the warranty so in case you get as unlucky as me	2	March 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It honestly wasn’t the one i wanted, but i like the voice recognition and sound quality it’s pretty decent.	3	May 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s okay but not easy to install on devices	3	July 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’ve owned all generations of dots, and this is by far the worst. The second gen had worst sound quality overall, but this one makes a poor sound when it isn’t facing you head on. This one fails to complete commands, fails to understand what you say, fails to sound good, and is something I would never recommend. If you are dead set on staying in the Amazon ecosystem, get any of the other dots over this, but this was bad enough that I’m planning to switch to the competitor. They also reeled out a new “feature” that after a few commands, Alexa will recommend you new or alternate ideas/commands, or things to sell you. And you CAN’T turn them off, which is frustrating when you are trying to be quiet at night. Just….don’t buy this	1	December 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Suena mejor los echo dot 3era generación	3	July 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Despite saying that is compatible what's the meaning of the electronics in my house it's not	3	June 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality could be improved.	3	July 26, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This new Dot does not hear me as well as other model	3	June 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Quality has dropped from original Alexa	3	July 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Doesn’t pick up your voice as well as the previous generation. Music sounds muffled and not as loud as the previous generation. Power chord is too loose fitting and falls out easily.	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I cannot get it to recognize my network	1	November 1, 2022	0
Echo Dot	We had a trusty little generation 3 Dot and I thought we’d upgrade and add a few 4th generation Dots. Big mistake. This thing sounds like you dropped an iPhone from 2011 into an empty tin can. Yes, I adjusted the audio settings. It’s still terrible. So thin and treble-y. The 3rd Gen version sounds MUCH better, though it’s not as aesthetically pleasing. Such a bummer, this is going to go back because it’s so bad. If you use your Echo Dot for any sort of music play, look elsewhere. If you only use it to check the weather and set timers, this might work for you.	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Dot	I bought on a sale, and I can see why.  I don't usually leave reviews but this product sucks. It never recognizes any of our voices.  It will be playing music and I can't get it to turn off.  I can say alexa off, alexa stop, alexa turn off, whatever...and it keeps playing.  It only about 50% of the time answers when I say alexa.  Not worth sending back because I got it on such a deal and have so far to go to drop packages off, so going to try to find something to replace it with.	2	December 17, 2020	0
Echo Dot	N.	3	August 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered this for listening to music when I ask her to play a Playlist from Spotify,  Amazon music, etc.  She responds with now playing the selected Playlist but doesn't actually play anything.  It finally plays after several tries,  by then I'm not in the mood to listen to music	1	July 23, 2022	0
Echo Dot	A LITTLE  MAD BECAUSE  I HAVE CONSTANTLY  KEEP CONNECTING  IT TO EVERY  THING.  BROUGHT  2 AND BOTH AINT ACTING  RIGHT.  BIG LET DOWN🤬	3	February 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Older generation better build quality, better sound and matching black cord!	3	June 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Always having to scream at for alexa to say anything.And I'm 2 feet from the dotBeeps all the time like it's listining to what your doing.	3	March 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Desmejoraron el sonido, suena mucho mejor el Echo Dot de la 3ra generación. Presenta sonido saturado. Me quedo con el de la 3ra generación definitivamente y a veces no reconoce los comandos.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa dont like to do what she's told, and I expected it to have more bass than the 3rd gen I have. I should have just bought another one of them its cheaper.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 It has good quality the only discrimination I have is that the cord is white when the Echo Dot is black not my cup of tea but other than that it’s a great product"	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	TO HARD TO HOOK UP.	2	May 11, 2022	0
Echo Dot	If you have a 3rd gen...keep it. The sound quality is better. This one has only a front facing speaker as compared to the full surround of the 3rd gen.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality much worse than previous version. Very disappointing	3	June 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"The 2nd generation produced an Alexa voice that was bright and clear.The 3rd generation was flat out AWFUL about that!  And, yes, I exchanged for another and it still was very poor.This 4th generation is better than the 3rd, but STILL has a muddy, muffled voice.Additionally, this device is VERY insenstitive to voice recognition compared to the previous ones.  I will frequently be in the room with it, talk to it, and another device from another room ""hears"" me and responds!!!Amazon is definitely moving in the wrong direction!!!!"	2	January 10, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"It seems like there are problems with Alexa and range availability.  Are there problems of ""hacking"" or leaked conversations between individual customers and outside influences?  Expected greater range of communications and protectability."	3	January 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality was below expectations	3	July 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexas voice has more treble and sounds like a yapping chihuahua. I prefer the 3rd generation with better bass and an overall better equalizer. Apart from that it does the same thing as the 3rd generation.	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	No me gusta que solo se puede usar con conexión a electricidad	3	June 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have two echos of the previous gen (3rd gen?) that have a nice, comprehensive sound. This new one, however, has a tinny quality to it. It sounds very directional in a way that the older ones don't. I would have purchased the 3rd gen again but I couldn't find them sold directly by Amazon so I decided to try out the new one, thinking it would sound better and just be better since it is newer. Not the case. Not sure if it's my individual product or just a design flaw of this gen, but I am not impressed.	2	January 9, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Seem to need to speak more loudly towards the device. With the 3 I’ve never had an issue with it picking up my voice. Sound quality is way worse also. Sounds like it’s blown out.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I was sorely disappointed when I received and tested this new Echo. Don't get me wrong, I love Echos. I have one in every room. When I fart, Alexa orders me Gas-X. But the audio quality on these new ones, combined with the hefty price tag, makes these a solid ""no"" for me. Are they louder than the old Dot? Yes. But banshees are plenty loud and you still wouldn't perch one on your counter to shriek at you when you take a shower. Overpowered volume, underpowered bass, and tinny sound quality make these an ""upgrade"" worth passing over."	2	January 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The sound is better on the 3 generation I am sorry but I have all the echos and I amHonestly very disappointed Alexa sound like she have the flue on the 3 generation she sound very strong	3	November 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have been using this device consistently for exactly one year. I have multiple outlet plugs in my home connected to it as well. Within the past month however my device has been unsuccessful in transmitting commands such as “Alexa, turn on den” etc. The response is along the lines of “there is no device by that name”. After making the request multiple times then switching to an easier question such as “Alexa, what is the weather?” the device still does not function properly. I disconnect and reconnect my Alexa device, request “turn on the den” and its back up and running. This is becoming a near daily occurrence. Would not buy again.	1	January 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	"It does not understand me as well as my traditional Alexa tower, that I keep in my bedroom. Further, I have to state ""Echo"", various times, at times. Before I receive a response."	3	January 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My old echo dot performs better than this. This product is overpriced and overrated. Amazon is scamming us.	2	February 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Puck (Dot 3) sounds better music with bass on hard surface.Also it is easier to see the buttons on puck.Honestly, most of the time, you will be listening not talking...	3	January 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Everytime it reconnects it makes a loud (much louder than whatever the sound settings are!) announcement.""Now connected to"" .  Quite bothersome but it is impossible to delete it!Why or oh why?!"	2	December 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I decided to get a second Echo Dot for my Kitchen on Prime Day.  No matter what I do from going to the help online or googling for answers, the Echo Dot voice recognition has never worked.	1	August 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	shape is pleasing, easty to set up of course, but sound quality is lacking. the dot is better.  I also bought the upgraded version of this (that is larger), and really like that one.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Everything works as I have come to expect from the Echo Dot except that the sound quality is noticeably inferior on the 4th generation model.  At least that's true on the one I received.	3	December 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"I got this as a bundle. I was like ""Ooh this will be nice and I've always wanted one!"". Well, now I have it, I have so many issues with it. It keeps disconnecting from my internet, a purple circle. Then when it reconnects it starts talking in random languages saying that I need to pair my Echo to my Amazon account. Its more frustrating as it happens every week and in some cases more than once a week. To me, this just doesn't seem like a worthwhile investment."	2	April 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Was a gift from my daughter don't use it much. My husband use the dot more for timer and questions. They both do the same thing.	3	March 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Why can’t i use this as a Bluetooth speaker playing anything off of my phone. This would be such a better device without they pointless controls placed on it by Amazon.	3	March 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Don’t like that I can’t have different music playing on both, easily. If someone knows how to troubleshoot this please tell me. Volume is weak also. Issues with it recognizing what im telling it.	3	January 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Amazon Echo has been a total let down! I purchased two of the echoes during the Amazon Prime Day event. The price was too good, I thought; and you could get the Sengled bulbs to boot. Turns out the only thing Alexa does is set thermostats, disconnects from skills, and frustrate you while doing it all. The only thing it does well is notify you when Amazon products need ordering or price drops. Terribly disappointed.	2	July 13, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Overrated inconsistent	3	August 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sometimes I have to repeat myself a lot before Alexa respond plus the quality of the sound is not to good as I expected	3	April 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I liked it as long as it worked--which was not long enough to my thinking.  It should not have given out so soon.	2	January 21, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The sound on this being in a sphere is not the best quality compared to our other alexas.. I find myself having to turn the volume way up just to hear it right.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s a good Alexa but I honestly liked my third Gen better. I feel like the speaker was a lot better and the voice recognition was a little more “sensitive “	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It works I guess I expected it to be able to do more but it will tell me the time tell me the weather	3	April 27, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When the unit first arrived it looked like a used product, it didn't look new, The unit worked for about a week then started acting up, showing a continuous white light that could not be turned off, I worked on the problem with your Techs for a few hours but they were unable to offer any type of solution, correction or fix for the problem, The conclusion was that the unit was defective and was returned for a replacement. Hopefully the replacement will be a new unit that will work great without any kind of defect. KEEPING MY FINGERS CROSSED!!!!	2	December 26, 2020	0
Echo Dot	not loud enough	3	August 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Yells In the middle of the night when I have rain sounds going. She won’t loop music on iTunes. I emended up returning it and purchasing a Apple home pod.	3	March 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is bad. I went back to using the third generation dot and gave this one to my mom. She doesn’t know any better.	3	April 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality is less than the older, disc models.  And the volume is lower.  I was looking for a sound quality that approach the old cylinder design.  No such luck.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	These are just expensive Bluetooth speakers. I subscribed to Amazon Music thinking I could play it on these, but it stops randomly, music selection is awful, Alexa commands do not work and I need the Amazon app in order to play music, since the commands do not work. I ask for specific music and Alexa plays whatever.Update: I returned these and got a new one after huge price drop, just to use to control my bedroom lights. The simple command to turn on the lights results in Alexa playing music most of the times. Other times, I have to repeat myself because Alexa does not wake up.	2	October 31, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Have to talk very loud for Alexa to recognize the command.  Only holds a call 6 to 10 minutes. Frequently misunderstands commands and isn’t very reliable.	3	April 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Thought the 4th would of been better than the 3rd gen. But no, it doesn't have as good of voice recognition and the sound quality if far less Than the 3rd gen.	3	January 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I think it's broken idk but when I ask Alexa to play music she only plays about 30 seconds of each song then skips to the next one so far this is my only complaint	3	December 9, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality nowhere near where the 3rd gen was. Sounds tinny and no bass compared to 3rd gen. Also the mic you have to talk very loud directly towards it and it hit and miss wether it pics you up or not. 3rd gen hockey puck ones I have all over the house and they are perfect couldnt ask for more really but this is a downgrade. Its a shame because I love the looks and the light at bottom that glows where it sits but its just not good.	2	March 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I like this alexa but there also a few dis likes as well, the size appears much bigger online and the volume is much lower than 3rd generation.	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound compared to the 3rd generation echo dots that I have was inferior.  I gave this to my mother since she could care less about the sound.	3	March 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	When it came it gave instructions in multiple languages which was fine. But now it's in use and will occasionally speak in a language other than english which I selected.  Sound is nice.	3	January 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I've had the 1st and 3rd gen dots. Also the Tap and Alexa Auto. All have worked beautifully. I bought my 4th gen dot in November 2020. It started working erratically in May 2021. It would become unresponsive suddenly and require nightly reboots. I factory reset the device 2x. Beware that the warranty is only 90 days according to customer support, not the 1 year that's listed on the site. I do not recommend the device.	2	June 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	If this is something you plan to use as a speaker for music, skip it and buy the gen 3! This one was a terrible upgrade, sounds almost worse than the gen 1!	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Amazon claims this has better voice recognition but alot of times, while being close to the device, it doesn't recognize that I am trying to activate it, leading to me having to say Alexa multiple times.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	when it works it’s great, but most of the time it doesn’t. when it stops working you have to unplug and then plug back in. works for about a few hours and then stops working again.	2	December 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	have to give it time to get related......	3	July 2, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have two 3rd Generations, and they have great sound quality! I purchased this 4th generation expecting the same, and was greatly disappointed. I would recommend the 3rd generation.	3	March 18, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Dislike sound quality	3	August 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It’s fine. The same as the gen 3, but looks nicer. The biggest flaw is that it came with a white cord when the echo dot is charcoal (black). It looks stupid!	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Can’t ask a simple question, such as “what’s the weather?” without getting plastered with “by the way…” ads. So effing annoying. I’m about to trash my 8 Echo devices and switch to Apple or Google products.	1	August 19, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I geel like I have to yell at my DOT to get it to listen. I have repositioned it to a number of open locations snd nothing helps.	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	too hard to set up	2	May 7, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This product tried to make me upgrade my subscription to play songs that I used to play on my old echo dot with my current subscription.	3	April 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Once privacy issues known it has been shelved	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The worse thing is that I thought I could unplug it and carry it to other rooms. You can't! I am sooo bummed about it. Other than that it works well. I migjt return it just for the reason I mentioned...	3	October 24, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s nice when it works but about every two weeks it disconnects from the WiFi and I have to reset it up and it just a hassle to do	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Ok. They claim new with better sound. It does have ""equalizer"" settings but even with bass turned to max my old dot sounds FAR better. Not cool!"	3	March 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is not as good as the older version and plug design is not as good and doesn’t match	3	May 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We use this product mostly for reminders and shopping/grocery lists. Sometimes Alexia will repeat things when you try to play a game and the conversation just goes around in a circle. lol.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I’m  just wondering who’s paying for the music I enjoy listening  to?A prompt response will be greatly appreciatedThank youAbby	3	April 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	black speakers come with white cables.  ruins an otherwise good product.  seems like an intern was in charge of final QA.  a black replacement costs almost as much as the speaker	2	December 22, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Tengo q hablar hasta 3 veces para q reconozca mi voz es algo molesto la versión anterior reconocia más eficaz la voz y los comandos que uno le ordenaba lo ejecutaba más rápido	3	January 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like having a speaker outside of my computer. I don't like that it resumes on its own after I pause it.	3	May 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Won't stay on. Won't loop sleep sounds. Total piece of garbage. I missed the return window by 2 days. I should know not to buy anymore Alexa junk	1	September 3, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This device worked fine until it didn't and now it won't enter set-up mode to enable bluetooth pairing.  No matter what combination of buttons you press/hold, it will not flash orange so you can enter set-up mode.  It remains blue no matter what.  I cannot pair it with my phone or connect to wifi.  Totally useless.  It is just past the 1 year return window and Amazon offers zero support.	1	April 26, 2022	0
Echo Dot	There’s a lot of add-ons needed to get the full use of Alexa/Echo Dot	2	March 12, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The 4th generation was a bit harder to set up, the volume at first was difficult, but tech support I received was excellent. I will be expecting more from 4th Generation than the 3rd!	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have to say a command at least twice most times.  Sometimes even if I'm right by it.  Not quite sure why?	3	April 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It wasn't what I was expecting for it to be the newest generation of Echo. The sound is not as good as the successor generation. I could've saved my money on this one.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound of the Speaker and Voice Recognition from Previous Generations are superb compared with this new one.I will give a new try if Amazon releases an improve version anytime soon.	3	January 30, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"I have several Alexa devices and this one that I have has inconsistent performance; ""buggy"".  I constantly have to unplug to reset the device.  After a few days of working fine, we say ""Alexa"" and there is no response until I unplug and then re-plug in the device where it appears to reset the software."	2	September 20, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"The media could not be loaded.
                



 My fiancee bought me a 4th gen echo dot at full price and the sound is phenomenal.I later bought two more on sale, and the two new ones have significantly worse sound quality. They are much quieter, and the audio is not as crisp/lacking in bass.Perhaps Amazon is skimping on components to increase profits during sales."	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The older & smaller version sounds way more louder than this one. & I dont like that it doesn’t work when not plugged into the wall. Still learning around it.	3	February 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality is good. Voice responding can be slow. Detectors should be at top of unit. Blue ring should be between speaker and body housing.	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sounds of the 3rd generation Amazon echo is far better than the 4th generation. The 4th generation reminds me of the sound of a radio playing on an old alam clock.	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Looking at the design of this I was thinking the speaker was the main focus here. but Man does it sounds ugly to listen to music on this. I had to tweak it a lot in the app to get it to a passable state, and even so the 3rd gen has way better speaker than this. ngl I'm a bit disappointed. the voice recognition is fine though and Alexa still works as intended. too bad I cant use it for music really, I'll just keep listening on my 3rd gen echo dot	2	February 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Not as responsive as my 3rd generation dot, plus I’m really not noticing an improvement in sound quality with the new dot.Amazon should have stuck with the Spot.	3	February 5, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have three echos in my house and I can't drop in to any of them. That's the main reason I wanted them so I'm kind of disappointed.	3	February 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	My previous Alexa had a much better microphone and voice recognition I also believe it had better sound quality although Amazon is boasting that the fourth generation is considered an upgrade. I do not think so. I have to repeat to the device many times before it actually hears me I didn’t have that problem with the third generation echo. I think I’m going to remove this one from the master bedroom and replace it with my “X”. Sorry, even though I like your curves I finally realized in life that looks aren’t everything!	2	January 27, 2021	0
Echo Dot	It doesn't get loud, i set it for volume 6 then when i wake up to my music it reverts to like volume 3 or 4. but other than that it's working fine.	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I do notlike  the light being on the bottom unless you set it on something it is hard to see, and you not heard it as well setting on a table	3	December 31, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Plus I have to yell for Alexa to hear me, And it just is not as good as my DOT. For the price it should be a lot better.	3	February 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not really as great as I thought. I’d like to return two of them.	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I am adding additional negative comments about this device. It has a problem remembering my wifi connection. I purchased this device first. It thinks it is the dominant and preferred device. IT ISN'T! I prefer to use the Echo Dot with Clock that I purchased second. I actually had to unplug this device in order to make the second Dot with Clock the preferred device. It's too bad that this device cannot take direction from the Alexa App. It's too bad that this device is acting like an out of control AI device. I will probably throw this device in the trash and purchase a second Dot with clock. ADDITIONAL COMMENTS ABOUT THIS DEVICE! This device is the only one of 4 owned Echo Dots that does not remember the wifi connection. I believe it was defective from the beginning.	1	October 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have 7 echo dots. This is my first gen 4 (and my last)The sound is horrible.That’s basically all that matters. If you care anything about sound stay away.Other much lesser items:White cord with black device?Ugly. Feels cheep.Light on the bottom. Looks cool.Round? Ok I guess. Kind of interesting.This was a gift because everyone knows how I like my gadgets. Otherwise I would have returned it.I’m putting it in the garage with my 15 year old pc speakers / subwoofer.	2	December 28, 2020	0
Echo Dot	The sound could be better I was expecting it to be more louder than it is bc of the way it looks but other than that it’s a cool little Alexa lol	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I liked that it curated playlists a little and probably had more features than I was able to check out but it's really not that useful.  I had no luck connecting it to my phone app, and couldn't get it to work for days until learning how to reset it.  I don't need a listening device when I could just have another Bluetooth speaker.  Overall, a waste of time and money.	2	July 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Cambie el Internet y no se a podido conectar otra ves	3	June 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have (2) Alexa's.  1 works great.But this one keeps loosing the connection and i have been having to reboot 1-2 times a day for the last month.  how do i get a replacement??	2	November 29, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Having owned several prior versions of the dot, I expected the responsiveness to be even better. Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem to hear or respond as well as the prior earlier versions.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This one is supposed to be more responsive, but the one in the other room answers more often than this one even when I'm directly facing it while speaking.  Sound quality is surprisingly terrible for music.  Not the upgrade I had been hoping for at all.	2	October 21, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was super excited for this little guy to arrive! However, once I unboxed it and got it plugged in, I quickly learned the sound quality does not compare to that of a Gen. 3 Alexa. The sound comes out of only the front half of this speaker and the sound is very muffled. Along with that, there is almost no bass to it. The Gen. 3 Alexa has powerful bass, sound around the entire Alexa device, and sounds higher quality. As much as I love the Gen. 4 Alexa’s shape, I think this is definitely a downgrade and I’m returning it.	2	December 1, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Unit keeps changing type of music.wa	3	July 9, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Really disappointed.  Voice recognition is just terrible. I could just talk normally to the older one I have,  but with this one,  I have to repeat multiple times,  and it still doesn't always get it right.  I can literally be right next to it and it doesn't correctly recognize what I'm asking.  It also frequenting doesn't run my routines. I also don't feel that the sound quality or bass is any better than the last version.  Sorry Amazon, you really missed the mark with this one. It's going back	2	January 15, 2021	0
Echo Dot	My personal taste is like bass in my music.  The 3rd generation delivers.  The 4th generations is more hearing the words that the instruments in the song.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Received the new Echo. Specifically selected a dark color to blend in with the furniture. Was not happy to receive a white cord. Why does the cord not match the unit?	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The new dot hardly ever respond to my first command unlike previews version that catch my command at 1st time. Also the speaker is not as loud as last generation.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The setup is terrible second time I could not connect using my mobile. I called the Amazon technical support and they replaced it. They instructed me to not send back this one only for this time.	1	August 14, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I hate that it can’t skip in the middle of pod casts . I also dislike  the long continual spiel  to buy certain songs .	3	March 8, 2021	1
Echo Dot	We were so happy with our previous Echo dot devices that we decided to try this one - and we completely regret it.  The sound is horrible, it sounds like an old radio from 1960, with a tinny, unrich sound.  We tried adjusting the settings and still it sounded awful.  The voice recognition is also not nearly as good.  This was a downgrade update.  The box was accidentally thrown away so I guess we are stuck with it.  We will be sticking with the older version and the Echo show from now on.	2	December 21, 2020	0
Echo Dot	The unit is black but it was shipped with a white power adapter. The sound quality is not as good as the echo dot I replaced this with.	3	March 3, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Voice recognition works flawlessly. I wish there was an EASY way to add more voice profiles without having additional accounts. I don’t have many other devices to add, other than my Roomba.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Don't buy if you want to listen to any music, has very poor sound quality.  Go for the echo show which sounds really good.	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I like that it work fine for the first week. And then it started saying it's not compatible.	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I actually liked the sound quality of the echo dot 3rd generation better than this one. The entire reason I upgraded was for better sounds. Other than that, works just as well as other echo dots.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Got the new 4th Gen, looks beautiful but sounds poor. My older devices sound better and I’m actually quite disappointed. I got it anticipating a speaker upgrade for my room.	3	January 14, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Alexa doesn’t recognise commands, doesn’t understand what I’m ordering. So, Alina tot doesn’t works very well. Also, when I ask for a song Alexa only play radio station but not exactly the song	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s not loud	2	May 18, 2022	0
Echo Dot	The design is cute but the speaker quality in the echo dot is terrible compared to its previous model that was flat. Not impressed but does the job.	3	February 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	4th gen seems to take longer to respond. And says ok to turn off or on connected devices but doesn't. Better sound, downgraded connectivity	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"When I ask Alexa to open JW.org she says"" Welcome back, what would you like me to play for you?"" I say Alexa play JW Broadcasting May 2021. Alexa repeats the command but will not play the file. I have to unplug Alexa and wait 30 seconds and plug in Alexa before it will play what I asked. This is not the experience I expect to have with a new Generation 4 Echo Dot. Please advise.  Freddie Mae Pursley"	2	May 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I'm so happy I upgraded to this echo. It sounds great.I have to update my review and no the sound keeps breaking up. I know it is this echo because I have it set up with 2 others so when I play music on the everywhere group this echo is breaking up where the others are not. Very disappointed. I was planning on upgrading another one but I will stick with the 2 other ones I have that I have.	2	May 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Hasn’t really made anything easier for my family since having it. Has actually just added a whole other layer of chaos as Alexa gets everything we say wrong.	3	March 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I expected more it’s just a slight bit more then the last model. This is more of a visual change then performance upgrades.	3	April 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	First, the sound quality is terrible. Like little speaker in a child's toy terrible. It's like it's not capable of producing deep tones, just mid and high range. Music just sounds awful. Second, the voice recognition is worse than before as well. We have to be standing within a few feet and repeatedly attempt to wake her before she activates.We swapped one of the 3rd generation Echo Dots ( the flat dics) with this one thinking it would be an upgrade, and I'm going to swap them back.	2	February 6, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I’m coming up on a year of owning this echo and it keeps losing connection I unplug it and it comes back for a little bit and then keeps going out. Please	2	December 14, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I rarely use it seems to have the same features as my 3rd gen echo dot with a different design. It even sounds the same	3	March 25, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I don’t like that it’s not chargeable so you have to have it plugged in to work but other than that it does exactly what I needed!	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Compared to the third gen dot, this one sucks. The sound quality is terrible: hollow tinny sound lacking any bass. It sounds like a cheap speaker. The 3rd gen dot on the other hand has quite impressive full sound for its size. Sure they aren't a substitute for a true home sound system, but for everyday listening they are pretty good. So I don't know what went wrong with this new one. It's just not even close. The design is also odd. The sphere means the ring lights are at the bottom where you can't see them. The buttons poke through the fabric on the top and feel cheap. Unlike the unassuming disk shape of the previous generation, this sphere is obvious and obtrusive.If you are considering upgrading from the gen 2, this is an ok buy. The sound is a little tiny bit better. But if you are considering upgrading from a gen 3, don't do it! You will be disappointed.	1	February 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The speaker is not the best. The audio quality was much better in the 3rd generation Dot. Voice recognition is good but music is and audio lacks, disappointed.	3	March 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality id poor, very little base and not enough treble sound	3	May 31, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Disappointed with the sound quality	3	July 10, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is to hard to integrate into existing systems for me and half the time it does look up what I ask it to. Wouldn't buy again	3	February 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bad sound, and Alexa doesn’t hear me right, I always have to get so close so she can fallow my orders or I have to scream, I prefer the eco dock 3er generation. This one has a nice modern design but I’ve expected a better quality sound. Very disappoint it. It’s doesn’t sound like it has a stereo, This is is more like a deep bass mode sound. 1 star.	2	July 25, 2021	0
Echo Dot	"I don't like that it has to be plugged in to work. Also sometimes I have to say ""Alexa"" several times before it responds. Sound quality is fine and it's loud enough."	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This one just doesn't seem to function as well as the rest of my eco dots. It always seems just a bit off.	3	April 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Cost a lot more than a 3rd generation echo and it’s just bigger.....that’s it!! I could have gotten three 3rd generation echo dots for the same price!! NOT WORTH THE MONEY IN MY OPINION!!😟 big mistake....	3	November 12, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Updated: This thing is a piece of trash.  It continues to freeze even after multiple sessions with customer support.  So disappointed in this especially after having no issues with our 3rd gen echo dots.  Customer service is unhelpful and since it is out of the warranty period, will not replace it.From the first moment listening to anything on this, it is evident that the sound quality is worse than the 3rd gems we have. And just after having it for a few months, it is pretty much useless. The blue spinning ring is ALWAYS on and will not respond.	1	January 24, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Love the design but the sound is not as good as the echo dot 3rd generation.  I will not buy another 4th generation.  Hopefully Amazon will fix this.Happy New Year!	3	January 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I bought this hoping it could hear better tab the previous generation but found no improvement.  Felt like audio quality is worse than before so returned it and staying with 3rd generation.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Dot	She doesn't listen as well as my third generation hockey puck, never had to yell at my first Echo dot like I do this one.	3	March 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Me agrado pero no fue como yo lo esperaba.	3	June 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The microphone is way too sensitive.  It responds when I ask an Echo in another room.  And then I can't hear the response.  Echo hears better than I do.	3	December 13, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Liked my old one betterThis one turns in by itselfI feel like someone is always listening to me !! Some times I just unplug it.	3	February 11, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Pocas veces acepta el comando al primer intento y se debe repetir la orden con mayor fuerza de vozEl sonido al reproducir música no es bueno ni aún modificando el ecualizador	3	December 29, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I’m giving 2 stars as a comparison to the 3rd gen Dot. My advice is to believe the reviews that say this is a downgrade from 3rd gen. The sound quality doesn’t compare. I have a gen 2 Echo, Echo Show 5, gen 3 Dot and now gen 4 Dot. And it’s obvious who the weakest link is when they are all playing. The gen 4 Dot sounds like a tin can. It’s still a good value but I should have waited for the gen 3 dot to be back in stock. Plus it’s cheaper. Just my advice!	2	December 3, 2020	0
Echo Dot	This device doesn’t ever hear me then when it does it doesn’t recognize what I’m saying. The other device in the kitchen understands what I’m saying from the next room.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have one 1st generation, two 3rd generation, and this was my first of the 4th generation.  I would recommend the 3rd generation over the 4th because the sound quality.	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love the color and shape of the new 4th Gen Echo Dot, however it did not deliver the sound I was expecting.	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	For the most part this thing works, but I have to practically yell at the thing to get it to respond, and it's only 3 feet away on the desk. Apparently the microphone in this version is *way* worse than the original cylindrical echo dot, which never fails to hear its name and respond accordingly.	2	October 1, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Really bummed about the sound quality. My 3rd gen is way better than this. The dome shape is cute and I don't mind the light on the bottom. But so sad about the sound quality!	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Biggest fault, these aren't working as a stereo pair via bt.	2	March 20, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Have to repeat comand at least 5 to 10 times before it responds to voice. I dont even use it anymore..too much trouble	3	April 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Nice upgrade on design.Microphone is a little buggy, maybe because of where it’s placed.I expected more sound quality.  No upgrade there.  I guess this is what $29 buys you.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Alexa gets dumber and dumber. With each release. Now with my new echoes, she picks up my voice in different rooms, not the room that I’m in. She can’t control the volume, it’s radically louder when I pay from Apple Music. And she simply can’t understand what playlist I am asking for. I really do think Amazon should drop the Alexa piece and just produce a Bluetooth speaker. Alexa is a fail.	2	June 10, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Voice recognition is not the best. And it picks up stuff from a general conversation. Wish you could program it to one Voice	3	March 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Fairly good product. Takes a while to set up with your preferences etc... voice recognition is hit and miss. Syncing up Apple Music and other options sometimes disconnects.	3	February 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased my Echo dot 4th generation in October 2020.  It worked well for 6 months.  Last week it started to fail.  Sometimes it wouldn't answer.  Sometimes the blue light turns on and won't go off.  The contact support person told me to unplug it and plug it back in when this problem happens.  The warranty is 90 days so its now a brick.  I'm not going to buy anymore echo's.	2	May 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	NEED TO RESTART DOESA NOT DO ANYTHIN G BUT LITE UP	1	October 17, 2022	0
Echo Dot	Seems like a really cool and smart idea, having a smart home setup. Saves money as well. Except I reset 3 of my 5 echo dots daily because they're always disconnected or not functioning properly. I've been late to work several times due to not being able to turn my lights on in the dark and prepare for work. No, I don't want a representative to guide me through fixing the issue. The issue is the product, they're incredibly unreliable, and I'll be selling off all 5 I own.In case you're worried I'm ignorant to how it works.-Reset the modem and router several times.-Tried 2.4ghz and 5ghz respectively, neither stay connected.-My router is rated to handle up to 50 devices. 5 shouldn't be a problem so.-Yes I reset the dots and they work. The issue is I reset them daily.	1	July 3, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I like the spherical look of the new generation Echo Dot but, as a number of other reviewers have noted, sound quality seems lower than Gen 3 especially in the lower range of sound.	3	December 18, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I have tried using the alarm she faild 2x. I gave a reminder to remind at 1pm to do somthing, she never did. I had really wanted her but she keeps dissapointing me.	3	December 7, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Sound quality for playing music not as good as previous version, especially bass. Ended up returning and purchasing the older version again.	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Looks nice, but the only thing I really notice is the sound. It’s much quieter and the sound quality is slightly worse than previous versions. Overall,  same Alexa, but worse sound.	3	December 22, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Not thrilled with this version of the “echo dot.” I have numerous Alexa devices and this one is NOT AS GOOD as the previous “puck” models. The Sound is OK but not quite as good or the same as the previous versions, I expected better from this newer model.Voice response is not as good as previous versions. It has trouble when there is ambient noise it the room.It LOOKS nice, but that the best I can say about it.I love smart home integration, but Amazon let me down on this one.	2	December 25, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Compared to the gen 3 Alexa this one sounds awful and it does not recognize my voice as accurately as the previous gen	3	March 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have used Echo Dots for years. I recently upgraded all my 2nd and 3rd generator devices and I'm very disappointed. At least once a week I find a device that is non-responsive, usually just sitting there with a solid blue light. I find myself having to repeat commands more often than not. I catch myself screaming at these new devices because they won't wake up when first addressed. Just very disappointed. I mean do they not test these devices before making them commercially available? ANOTHER WEEK HAS GONE BY AND I CANNOT STRESS HOW POORLY THESE PERFORM. EVERYDAY A NEW ISSUE POPS UP. EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY.Another week has gone by and the problems just mount. These things are absolute junk. They just don't work. They are so far inferior to previous generations. I just want my old Dots back at this point.	1	July 23, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I cannot get the repeat to work. Super annoying, I did a little research but could not find an answer. I’m not sure if it’s a programming error or what.	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	La calidad del sonido es inferior con respecto al echo dot de tercera generación, e intentado varías configuraciones y es sonido no mejora, parece el de una radio barata.	3	January 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have concerns about privacy,  I do not use this as much as others.  It was a gift I did not ask for or need.	3	February 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Great design. The audio quality is lacking compared to 3rd gen dots. I was kinda bummed with the audio quality but the main purpose was to be an alarm clock so that works ok.	3	December 14, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It doesn't always hear my voice right away and the sound quality is not at good as the 3rd Gen. I mainly use mine for music and I'm not impressed at all.	3	December 4, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This is a good product but the advertisement showed a clock built in.	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The older versions have better sound quality. Would not recommend for music listening. Ended up putting it in my office. Talk radio is about the only radio that works with the sound quality.	3	December 8, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I bought two of the regular Echo Dots and the sound is horrible. Tinny and next to zero bass no matter how high you set the bass on the app. However, I recently bought the model with the clock in the blue color and the bass is very rich and better than the 3rd generation. My recommendation would be to certainly upgrade from the 3rd generation but be sure to get the clock model. The sound was so bad on the regular I returned them both.	2	February 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I was hoping to stream from the music on my phone- casting isn’t included in this model.  The sound quality isn’t as good as less expensive Bluetooth speakers.	3	January 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Bought because reviews ranted on how much better the sound quality was compared to previous dots. I would trade it for an echo 3 anytime. The sound is tinny and has little to no base	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	The 3rd gen sounds better than the 4th gen. The sound quality is just better. The 4th gen sounds like a cheap bt speaker compared to the 3rd gen.	3	January 19, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I purchased this hoping for improvement in sound quality of my other echo. This was a let down. Sounds like a tin can even after adjussting bass,mid,trble. PLease Amason, spend a,little more on sound quality.	3	November 30, 2020	1
Echo Dot	This latest generation of the Dot is not up to par. You literally have to yell at it for it to respond sometimes. Never had this issue with previous generations.	3	December 26, 2020	1
Echo Dot	sounds like a cheap speaker you get from the dollar tree, distorts above half volume, i hooked my dot prior to this release back up, better quality speaker over the new model	3	January 4, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It is not effective as the Echo 2nd or 3rd generations which I have purchased. I am dissatisfied with the voice recognition the integration. Probably wouldn't recommend the 4th generation Echo.	3	December 28, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Does not always respond.	3	July 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I ordered these and I’m really not satisfied with them but they don’t have the face with the clock on it couldn’t really tell from the picture of the description	3	December 25, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Not good for music only podcasts the description says it has improved audio but it’s in the high in mid range this is great for podcast terrible for musick no bass	3	January 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The Echo's seem to randomly decide they don't want to work.  I've had to unplug it and plug it back in to get it to start working more than once.	3	December 10, 2020	1
Echo Dot	I own an Echo Dot 2nd Generation, and several Echo Dot 3rd Generation units.  Going from the 2nd Generation to the 3rd was a huge improvement. The 4th Generation Dot was on par with the 2nd Generation. Whereas music from the 3rd Generation unit was full of life, the 4th Generation spherical Echo Dot sounded like hold music on an old speakerphone.  I returned mine, and went to Lowe's for another Echo Dot 3rd Generation.  Get yours before they run out and replace it with this abomination.	2	January 16, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I received this last night and hooked it up.  It was a pain to get it to connect to the Wi-Fi thru the app.  it took 15 minutes and more than a few four letter words.  When I thought it couldn't get anymore painful, I finally was able to play sound out of it.  That is when the disappointment truly set in.  The sound on it is horrendous.  It is so tinny and unclear that it boggles my mind.  Most other manufacturers have the ability to get good sound from these tiny packages.  No not Amazon.  Almost no bass to speak of and a ton of screeching highs.  While I recognize it is a small speaker and I am not going to get awesome sound out of it, I would expect it to be a least a full sound instead of screech like.  My suggestion it to go with a JBL	1	March 11, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Works good	3	July 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Dislike the size of this one, seems to have even poorer voice recognition to me. The Wi-Fi strength has great diminished. The old dot can be twice as far away. I thought the sound would be better but the dot beats it hands down.  I would gladly return this for a 3rd generation replacement.  The s round size led me to believe it had a better speaker which is definitely not the case at all.  I would recommend buying the 3rd generation not this one. Sorry to be critical but that’s my take on it.	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Dot	"This new design is really a step backwards for the Echo. I have three 3rd gen Echos that work great. The new 4th gen has a very hard time hearing commands. I had to repeat ""Alexa"" to wake her multiple times a day. It got so frustrating that I returned it and ordered another 3rd gen as a replacement. The sound quality is improved, but the loss of functionality isn't worth it. And as other people have written, it is really annoying to have a black device with a white power cable."	2	January 5, 2021	0
Echo Dot	My wife thought that this would play any music requested but did  not realize that a subscription was required to access the music that she wanted. Sound quality was not that great either. This was returned and my wife does not want to get involved with any type of Alexa product in the future.	2	September 17, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Trying to listen to music on it is annoying. It pauses way too much for me. I usually get aggravated and turn it off.	1	September 8, 2022	0
Echo Dot	It's ok	3	July 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	It cannot control my tv no matter what I do,  also started hearing static after a few months. Amazon wouldn’t replace it, would only give me a discount. I went back to using the old Echo.	1	August 9, 2022	0
Echo Dot	I have another device that is awesome. I added this new device and it is hit ir miss if and when it work. It freezes up... stops playing music abruptly and for know reason. Has very spotty connection to my other Akexa device.When it manages to work... the doubt is bad. It's very flat and muffled. Since I added this device the functionality of all devices have become poor.	2	July 7, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I have two and they keep disconnecting from the internet and it it hard as heck to get them to reconnect!	3	April 23, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Overall good build quality. But, poor smartphone integration due to low quality third party plug-ins and / or implementation.Voice recognition leaves much to be desired. I find myself having to yell to get its attention. I’m not sure if this is due to a hardware flaw that is specific to my device or, if it’s due to the internal mics limitations.Would I recommend? Probably not.You get more gimmick than bang for your buck even just because the price is considerably lower than the competition shouldn’t translate to so much sacrifice.	2	December 15, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Sound quality is horrible now! And the cord is white and significantly shorter than the Gen 3.1. The sound quality is horrid! The vocals are “clearer” but that took away the bass and other clarity. Yes I’ve toyed with the sound settings in the app, it did nothing!2. The chord is white!! Yes this is a minor issue but still.3. The cord is significantly shorter than the gen 3 version. And a bulkier plug area.Haven’t decided if I’m going to keep this one or return it for a gen 3.	2	December 2, 2020	0
Echo Dot	Thought it was free. If I would've known. I would of bought the bigger Echo.	2	February 25, 2022	0
Echo Dot	This one is similar to the 3 with no real discernable differences.  One difference is that the new 4 does not recognize the wake word respond very well	3	January 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love the look of the new dot, and it functions just as well as the older generations, but compared to the third gen;  the speaker quality leaves a lot to be desired.	3	December 1, 2020	1
Echo Dot	It’s a bite time consuming setting up your personal list and topics	3	May 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Functionality is fine. Works as expected.Sound quality on this new dot is no where near the dot 3. If I didn’t have it plugged into the stereo I would have returned it.	3	December 16, 2020	1
Echo Dot	"So this device is definitely a downgrade for what I need to for, Amazon seems to have improved the sound quality slightly, so if you are using it mostly to play music its probably really good, but I purchased this more for home automation and it's really terrible at doing the job. My previous generation was more consistent but still wasn't good at voice commands so when these came out I was very excited and hoping things were gonna move further toward perfection when giving voice commands, but sadly and very disappointingly this isn't the case. I have to say a command 2 sometimes 3 times before it would execute the command, I have to shout out the word ""Alexa"" multiple times, each time getting angrier and angrier having to repeat myself before the speaker finally wakes up. I very much feel like I wasted my money buying these. I really hope amazon reads these reviews and send out a software update to fix this issue asap."	1	January 18, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This thing is completely worthless! It never connected right to begin with ! I moved it all over the house, reset, reconnected, did everything Amazon told me to do to try and fix it. NOPE! Goes completely offline for no reason, while my 3rd works perfectly! And that one is was a gift from a friend! When I contacted Amazon about their crappy product they told me there was nothing they could do. So now I’m stuck with this crappy useless product I can’t even use. Not worth the money or the HASSLE of having to keep reconnecting it every few hours.	1	January 22, 2022	0
Echo Dot	very weak mic	3	July 16, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Well if you are looking for a true surround sound...you are out of luck! You can't use your TV soundbar as part of your surround system (I have an older soundbar without bluetooth). I was told that the Echo Dots could be used to mirror your TV sound, well this is not correct. I wanted to use the Dots for sound near the back of the room and you can't unless it is on Prime Video, stupid right? So just in case you want to do this buyer beware.	2	January 24, 2021	0
Echo Dot	This echo seems to get confused easily. I have to restart it often because it forgets who it belongs to	3	April 17, 2021	1
Echo Dot	La calidad de sonido del la generación anterior es muy superior. Sobre todo en los bajos. Teniendo más cerca este echo dot, muchas veces responde mejor el viejo.	3	January 22, 2021	1
Echo Dot	This is the first Alexa product I have not loved. The echo and camera will not stay connected to the WiFi. I have spent hours troubleshooting, with no success.	3	January 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	On the good side the voice recognition has improved comparing to Gen 3. But the sound quality is so poor that I have to return the unit. Probably, I'll buy another Gen 3.	3	December 12, 2020	1
Echo Dot	PLEASE BE AWARE that this device does not have a 1 year warranty. Amazon says they have a 1 year warranty on their devices and accessories but they fail to mention that not on this particular device and believe me this device will stop functioning properly after that time. Keeps freezing and blue light circling around like it's listening but no response. Never had this issue with the regular old echo. Thought this was an upgrade but clearly it's more expensive downgrade that is certain to become trash tomorrow since i can't exchange it nor use it. Thank fully it seem i can throw it in the recycling bin cause it's definitely of no use. I should have known when it took longer to respond than my old echo that this was recyclable trash and sent it back.	1	September 19, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I love the new look of this echo, but I literally have to yell for the echo to hear me. In this aspect I prefer the last generation!	3	January 6, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I love Alexa. But I really do not know what all she does. My son gave it to me for Christmas. Right now she plays music, farts and tells jokes.	3	January 13, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Not up to mark as it requires too many gadgets to integrate a single thing.	3	May 12, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I give it 3 stars bc sometimes it just disconnects. The sound is great, the voice recognition is good but the random disconnects aren’t so great	3	February 28, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Like it plays music & interactive. Dislike if it’s unplugged Bluetooth disconnects & it will not play. Alexa does not always respond during use of Echo	3	February 7, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Decent enough unit, but it has the sound quality of an old handheld transistor radio. Really bad. [sigh]I like my 3rd gen(s) much better for satellite locations.	3	January 20, 2021	1
Echo Dot	I have a Samsung Smarthings mesh system and this device wasn’t compatible. It would connect for about a week then loose connection and became unable to find the network.  I had a replacement sent thinking it was the echo but, same thing happened to the second device so, I gave it away and purchased the smaller echo 3rd generation and it works fine. Btw I already had two 3rd generations on my system so I new it would work ok.	2	March 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	I bought this to replace earlier designs thinking the next generation would be better. Not true the audio was a step down - easily heard the difference.	3	February 1, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The old model was better the sound on this is meh the studio is much better and more bang for your buck!	3	March 15, 2021	1
Echo Dot	The sound quality on this device is quite a deal lower than the previous generation. This was really unexpected giving the larger diameter of this product and it being a newer device.	3	December 17, 2020	1
Echo Dot	Like the form factor, and I thought the larger size would result in greater room-filling sound. I’ve adjusted the equalizer settings, but my 3rd gen echo dot produces deeper sounds.	3	December 27, 2020	1
Echo Dot	1.  No comment2.  average	3	June 21, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Although the new design looks cool, it is not doing the sound quality any service. I have several past generation Alexa products and this one is by far the worse. I use it to primarily listen to music while I'm in the kitchen. The sound lacks bass and sounds distorted. I was very disappointed. Needless to say, I will be sending my back and buying one of the older model's again. My best advice, wait to buy a newer model until they fix the design issues, which does affect the sound.	2	January 4, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The older version is way better. I expected better sound, and had no real expectations for the microphone because that was fine with the older model.  The sound is roughly the same (still not very good) and the microphone pick-up on this generation is terrible. Hopefully they will send an update to improve that if possible. In the meantime, save your $ or snag the older version.	2	July 28, 2021	0
Echo Dot	Alexa promotes buying services and asks a simple yes or no to proceed making it too easy for my kids to add/purchase unwanted services.	3	February 24, 2021	1
Echo Dot	"Our only use of this product was for ""music"" and for 100 days it worked flawlessly.  Then it began to consistently loose it's internet connection and had to constantly be reconnected.  I contacted Amazon for help both thru Chat (twice);  Phone (twice);  e-mail (twice).  Was advised to reprogram the device about 4 times.  Nothing worked to help the Echo keep it's connection.  Accdg. to Amazon help they have never had this issue before with the Echo Dot.Was advised that it must be my internet and wi-fi connection even though all my other devices were having no issues.  Finally gave up on Amazon and bought a new Echo Dot from Home Depot and it works great with no wi/fi booster and no changes in our internet.  Wasted alot of time on CHAT/Help/Email.  Hoping that this current purchase of the Echo Dot will last longer than 100 days."	1	April 8, 2021	0
Echo Dot	The black unit comes with a white cord looks stupidI will return this product for this reason.	3	April 29, 2021	1
Echo Dot	Have two other Echo Dots. This one. Isn't compatible with them. I like to listen to music, on them.  So this is a great letdown. Sound Isn't the same.	3	December 21, 2020	1
